  To Our Shareholders,
In 2002, City National Bank further strengthened its position as California’s Premier Private and Business Bank, achieving record earnings for the seventh consecutive year and double-digit percentage increases in assets, loans, deposits, revenue, nonin- terest income and shareholders’ equity.We also continued to invest in this company’s future—expanding into new markets, enhancing our banking and wealth manage- ment capabilities and increasing our rigorous attention to credit quality and operational risk.
City National’s success is testimony to the powerful combination of growing mar- kets, a sound business model, a compelling value proposition and an attractive client base—a combination that fuels our commitment to achieving consistent, quality earnings growth while enhancing future opportunities.
Our performance reflects the hard work, effectiveness and expertise of Team City National. Despite challenging economic conditions, our 2,250 colleagues turned in another year of significant growth and progress, underscoring their dedication to creating value for our shareholders, clients and the communities we serve. As a result, City National has become the second largest independent bank headquartered in California.
City National CorporationVice Chairman and CEO Russell Goldsmith (left) and Chairman Bram Goldsmith in front of City National’s Pershing Square building in the heart of Los Angeles. City National has been serving clients from the 24-story building since it opened in 1967.
Page 1

 It therefore seems appropriate in this year’s report to place particular emphasis on representatives of the superb talent found throughout our organization, which has almost doubled in size while our assets have more than quadrupled during the past seven and a half years.We have worked to build, develop, retain and reward the outstanding team of remarkable men and women who deliver upon our promise of trusted advice, strong relationships and complete financial solutions. Every day they apply the skill and expertise needed to grow our unique brand of business and personal banking.
In 2002, this organization again created value by continuing to execute the eight long-standing strategies that we discussed in last year’s report:
• Retaining and broadening relationships with our clients;
• Increasing the number of our top-tier client relationships;
• Growing noninterest income;
• Making focused and disciplined acquisitions;
• Emphasizing credit quality and risk management;
• Enhancing productivity by utilizing technology and controlling costs;
• Investing in the talent and leadership capabilities of our colleagues; and
• Maintaining a clear commitment to integrity and strong corporate values.
As this year’s report makes clear, our performance in 2002 created a stronger foun- dation for years to come.
Financial Highlights
For the entire financial services industry, 2002 presented a number of formidable challenges. Uncertain economic conditions, softer loan demand, credit quality con- cerns and low interest rates placed continuing pressure on earnings growth.Yet City National grew net income 15 percent year-over-year on a comparable basis, which adjusts prior-year results for the new accounting standards for goodwill amortization.
In 2002, net income rose to $183.1 million, bringing our five-year compounded annual growth rate to 17 percent. Earnings per share reached $3.56, a 10.6 percent increase over the previous year’s comparable figure of $3.22.
Net interest income on a fully taxable-equivalent basis increased 18 percent to $530.1 million, reflecting the solid growth of average loans and average deposits. Lower-cost average core deposits rose a remarkable 32 percent.
Page 2

 Noninterest income increased 11 percent to $146.3 million, thanks largely to the continuing growth of our trust, investment, international and cash manage- ment activities.
In 2002, City National grew while enhancing productivity. Total expenses grew 11 percent on a comparable basis, reflecting the acquisition costs of both Civic BanCorp and our new banking office in New York City, as well as the addition of new colleagues — most notably in private banking and wealth management. Nonetheless, our efficiency ratio improved to 49.2 percent.
Despite a sluggish economy, City National continued to grow while investing for the long term.
We also continued to maintain a strong capital position. City National Corporation’s total risk-based capital ratio was 14.26 percent, while our Tier 1 risk- based capital ratio came to 9.87 percent at year-end. Our Tier 1 leverage ratio stood at 7.55 percent. All three ratios easily exceeded the regulatory requirements for “well-capitalized” institutions.
For the ninth consecutive year, City National’s Board of Directors increased the company’s dividend. Effective in January 2003, the annual rate is 82 cents per share.
As we have done for seven years, the company also enhanced shareholder value by repurchasing stock. During 2002, the company repurchased 1.4 million shares of its stock at an average price of about $44.00.This brought to almost 9 million the num- ber of City National Corporation shares that we have bought back since 1995, at an average price of about $28.50. Regularly raising the dividend and repurchasing stock are important elements of our capital management program. In January 2003, the
Net Income — New GAAP ($ millions)
       1998
1999 2000 2001 2002
City National achieved its seventh consecutive year of record earnings in 2002. Net income grew at a five-year compounded annual rate of 17 percent.
       $0 50
100 150 200
Page 3

      1998
1999 2000 2001 2002
Board authorized the company to repurchase an additional 1 million shares. Historically, repurchased shares have been used advantageously for acquisitions, stock options and other general corporate purposes.
Our performance in 2002 reflects several other major accomplishments that warrant consideration.
Growing Our Businesses
In 2002, total average loans grew 17 percent to $7.8 billion. Only about one-third of this increase came as the result of our Civic BanCorp acquisition, which was completed in February 2002.
City National also reported very strong deposit growth. Deposits averaged $8.6 billion in 2002.The company’s five-year compounded annual growth rate of 19 percent for average deposits goes a long way toward explaining our success despite declining interest rates.
Thanks in part to a very substantial low-cost deposit base—one that reflects the soundness and viability of our business model, and the depth and quality of our client relationships and our services and products—City National’s net interest mar- gin is among the industry’s highest. In 2002, it was 5.30 percent, up from 5.26 percent in 2001. Clearly, our effective balance sheet management made a meaning- ful contribution as well.
Also noteworthy is the fact that again last year we met our goal of adding new pri- vate and business banking clients.
Earnings Per Diluted Share—New GAAP ($)
The company delivered consistent, quality earnings growth in 2002, with earnings per diluted share reaching $3.56, for a five-year compounded annual growth rate of 16 percent.
        $0 1 2 3 4
Page 4

Team City National...
Puts clients at the center of everything we do. Surrounding each of our clients is a team of smart, seasoned City National colleagues who build relationships based on trust, expertise, outstanding capabilities, highly personal service and results.
From left to right: George H. Benter, Jr., President and Chief Operating Officer; Dallas Haun, Executive Vice President, South Coast and Inland Empire Regions; Gwen Miller, Senior Vice President, Entertainment Division; Susan Ten Eyck Mallory, Senior Vice President, Commercial Banking Services- San Diego; David M. Lawrence, Senior Vice President, Private Client Services- San Francisco; and Kevin P. Dunigan, Executive Vice President, Core
Banking Division
“Collaboration is every- thing at City National. Solutions don’t arise in a vacuum.They’re born from the collective knowledge and creativity of our colleagues, who have real relationships
with our clients. Not a day goes by when we don’t serve as the trusted advisor to those who have turned to us for help with their financial needs.”
George H. Benter, Jr.,
President and Chief Operating Officer
 Page 5

Combining solid financial and risk management...
That strives for consistent, measured growth with sound balance sheet management, rigorous credit quality standards and disciplined expense control. Our goal is to provide the best possible results for our shareholders, our clients and our colleagues.
From left to right: Heng W. Chen, Executive Vice President, Finance;
Jeffery L. Puchalski, Executive Vice President and Senior Risk Management Officer; Christopher J. Warmuth, Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer; Frank P. Pekny,Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer;
Michael B. Cahill, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; and Stephen D. McAvoy, Senior Vice President and Controller
 “We have a responsibil-
ity to grow this company
with a sense of financial
integrity and stewardship
that meets the highest
standards. Consistent,
quality earnings growth
is our mantra, and we
live it daily. It’s a promise we’ve made to ourselves, to our clients and to our shareholders. And it’s a promise we will keep.” Frank P. Pekny,
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
Page 6

            1998
1999 2000 2001 2002
Commercial
Real Estate Construction & Commercial Mortgage Residential First Mortgage Installment
City National continued to grow and diversify its loan portfolio in 2002, for a five- year compounded annual rate of 18 percent.
In addition to organic growth, City National continues to expand by making disci- plined acquisitions. Our ongoing commitment to carefully selected and constructed acquisitions is a key part of our long-term growth. All 10 of them to date have been successful.
Managing Credit Quality
Economic conditions in 2002 tested the credit quality of banks throughout the United States, and City National was no exception.The ratio of our net charge-offs to total average loans rose to 0.69 percent, up from 0.41 percent in 2001. At the same time, nonperforming assets increased to 0.90 percent of total loans, up from 0.54 percent in 2001.
As we have grown and diversified our loan portfolio, we also have maintained an appropriate reserve.We added $67.0 million in provision for credit losses in 2002, bringing our total reserve to $164.5 million or 2.06 percent of total loans at year-end.
In recent years we took decisive steps to reduce our exposure to purchased, syndi- cated non-relationship loans.We also dramatically reduced our syndicated media and telecommunications portfolio. In the aggregate, these two portfolios now account for just over 1 percent of City National’s total loans.We should also note that the major- ity of our net credit losses in the past few years came from loans in which we participated, rather than loans our colleagues originated with relationship clients.
To build on City National’s long-standing commitment to credit quality, last year we hired a new Chief Credit Officer, Chris Warmuth, who brings extensive experience and a well-informed perspective on credit administration. Under his leadership, we
Average Loans ($ billions)
                     $0 2 4 6 8
Page 7

 are introducing a series of initiatives designed to further strengthen accountability among line managers and to ensure a credit process that is clear, consistent, effective and efficient.
We combine conservative but constructive underwriting standards with an under- standing of our clients and their industries, as well as a commitment to identifying potential difficulties before they become full-fledged problems.
Expanding Wealth Management Capabilities
In 2002, assets under management or administration grew to $19.5 billion. Our managed assets fell 3 percent to $7.4 billion, primarily because of lower money mar- ket account balances. During the past five years, however, managed assets have grown at a compounded annual rate of 45 percent.
This growth over time speaks to the success of our business model, the quality of our expanding capabilities and the growth opportunity we have with our clients. Last year, fully one-half of City National’s new wealth management business came from within the bank — referred by colleagues or other satisfied clients. In addition to enabling us to better serve our private banking clients, the growth of our wealth management business clearly helps to generate relatively stable and more diversified noninterest income. Some 42 percent of our company’s noninterest income last year came from trust and investment fees, and we see opportunities for significant addi- tional growth in the years ahead.
At the end of 2002, we took further steps to enhance our wealth management capa- bilities. Shelley Thompson joined our company as Director of Wealth Management. We also added several other new senior investment and trust executives.
Average Core Deposits ($ billions)
         1998
1999 2000 2001 2002
Demand Other
New clients, the acquisition of Civic BanCorp and higher account balances contributed to a 32 percent increase in average core deposits in 2002. These low-cost deposits now comprise 86 percent of total average deposits.
           $0 2 4 6 8
Page 8

With knowledge and expertise...
That provide true added value. For nearly 50 years, we’ve focused on
developing the resources, regional contacts, depth and diversity of industry
expertise to serve a select and growing client base of California
entrepreneurs and professionals.
From left to right: Phil Petrozzi, Senior Vice President, Specialty Deposits; Martha Henderson, Executive Vice President, Entertainment Division;
Robert Brant, Executive Vice President, Northern California Region and Technology Banking; Richard Weiss, Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer; Robert D. Patterson, Executive Vice President, San Fernando Valley/ Ventura Region, Agribusiness and Franchise Finance; and Stanley J. Kafka, Executive Vice President, Real Estate Division
 estate, and international trade to professional services. It’s our job to understand and meet the financial needs of those who drive this state’s economy. Our clients appreciate that.” Martha Henderson, Executive Vice President, Entertainment Division
Page 9
“This is a company
that knows its clients’ businesses and the communities they serve. California is a leader in everything from enter- tainment to agriculture, manufacturing to real

And investments for future growth...
To build a foundation for the long term by continuing to support strategic acquisitions; establishing full-service regional centers in selected markets; recruiting, developing and retaining top talent; and employing technology and operational systems tailored to meet the needs of our clients and colleagues.
From left to right: Vernon C. Kozlen, Executive Vice President, Asset Management Development; Thomas R. Miller, Executive Vice President, Marketing Division; Jan R. Cloyde, Executive Vice President, Banking Services Division; John Beale, Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer; Kate Dwyer, Executive Vice President, Human Resources Division; and Richard Shier, Senior Vice President, Operations Services Group
 “At City National, there
is a common drive to
improve and build upon
what we’ve accomplished.
We invest strategically
and responsibly in the
talent, technology,
resources and capabilities
that allow us to work more productively and effec- tively to serve our clients better, in more places and with more success than ever before. Best of all, we know it works because our clients tell us so.”
Jan R. Cloyde,
Executive Vice President, Banking Services Division
Page 10

 In January 2003, we reached a definitive agreement to purchase Convergent Capital Management (CCM), a private Chicago-based company that holds majority inter- ests in eight diversified asset management firms and minority interests in two others. The 10 firms are located in California, Illinois, Michigan,Texas and Hawaii.Together they manage assets of $6.5 billion. The acquisition of CCM is expected to nearly double City National’s assets under management, and to grow noninterest income from 22 percent of total revenue to 25 percent. Between 1997 and 2002, CCM’s revenues grew at a compounded annual rate of 19 percent.
The purchase of CCM is scheduled to close in the second quarter of 2003. It will add to the considerable talent we have assembled for our growing asset management business.
Like Reed, Conner & Birdwell, a Los Angeles-based investment firm that we acquired in December 2000, CCM’s affiliates will continue to operate independ- ently and retain a meaningful interest in their own success.
These acquisitions build upon almost a decade in which City National has steadily expanded its wealth management capabilities to meet the investment needs of our private clients. Our efforts have not gone unnoticed. For the past two years, Barron’s has recognized City National Bank in its annual survey of America’s top 40 wealth managers.
A Unique Formula for Success
As we begin our 50th year in business, City National has a number of important advantages that position us well for the future.
Assets Under Management or Administration ($ billions)
         1998
1999 2000 2001 2002
Administration Management
Assets under management or administration surpassed $19 billion for the first time in the company’s history, for a five-year compounded annual growth rate of 19 percent.
           $0 5 10 15 20
Page 11

 A Large and Growing Market
Despite current economic challenges, there is no market more attractive over the long term than California.The state is home to about 500,000 households with investable assets of $1 million or more, and 80 percent of them are located in the 12 counties we serve. It is the world’s fifth largest economy, with 34 million people and hundreds of thousands of small and mid-sized companies. California is remarkable not only for its size, wealth, entrepreneurial talent and creative strength but also its economic diversity. It leads the nation in everything from entertainment and inter- national trade to agriculture, biotech and technology, defense and aerospace.
A Clear and Focused Value Proposition
City National is California’s Premier Private and Business Bank.We offer a unique brand of relationship banking to a focused market of affluent entrepreneurs, business owners, professionals and investors. Our colleagues serve these clients by combining the capabilities and expertise often found at larger financial institutions with out- standing personal service. City National has carved out a strong competitive position that enables us to attract new private and business banking clients and to deepen relationships with those who already bank with us.
Clients are at the center of everything we do. Our colleagues are responsible not only for meeting clients’ immediate needs, but also for understanding their financial goals and then directing all of our appropriate resources to help them on The way up®.
City National’s competitive advantage is, in part, our total focus on the client and a relatively seamless resource of business and private bankers who can provide our
Noninterest Income ($ millions)
1998
1999 2000 2001
Higher sales of wealth management, cash management and international products and services contributed to an 11 percent increase in noninterest income last year,
        2002 bringing the five-year compounded annual growth rate to 22 percent.
   $0 50
100 150
Page 12

To provide complete financial solutions...
And develop broad-based relationships with our clients. From private banking, asset management, investment services and estate planning to business banking, commercial credit, cash management and foreign exchange, we’ve broadened our capabilities to meet all of our clients’ financial needs, both personal and business.
From left to right: Nadilee Russell, Senior Vice President, Cash Management;
Paige Serden, Senior Vice President, Real Estate Division; Jeffrey Smith, Executive Vice President, Westside Region; Shelley B. Thompson, Executive Vice President, Wealth Management; Mark Mayers, Senior Vice President, International Department; and Tom Devaney, Senior Vice President, City Loan Center
“There’s a bond between City National and its clients unlike any I’ve experienced in my career. This company anticipates clients’ needs and brings together the resources and capabilities they need —
before they even have to ask. It really is quite remarkable.” Shelley B. Thompson, Executive Vice President, Wealth Management
 Page 13

 clients with what they need from one regional center, with a local team that actu- ally knows them, their businesses, their industries and even their families. This is a team that can deliver the financial solutions and advice that work best for clients, including the full range of financial services and products that they need now and as their financial and investment needs evolve in the future.
The business owner who comes to City National for credit, cash management and international trade finance will gain access to an array of outstanding private bank- ing, estate planning and investment advisory services as well. Similarly, our private banking and investment clients receive easy access to a host of business solutions tai- lored to meet their overall financial objectives.
Others talk about “relationship banking,” but our team delivers it.The evidence is clear: among City National’s top-tier clients, more than half take advantage of four or more of our seven product categories.What’s more, nearly one-third of our new top-tier clients come to us through referrals from our current clients.
Opportunities
The strength of both our value proposition and our business model coupled with successful execution by our colleagues and the loyalty of our clients has produced a track record of consistent, quality earnings growth that Team City National will work hard to carry forward.
Our many opportunities now include expanding client relationships through a growing array of capabilities, infrastructure, offices and colleagues, and adding new top-tier clients in Southern California, the San Francisco Bay Area and NewYork City. They also include further expansion of our noninterest income.
We expect to realize growth in 2003 and beyond, in part, because of the investments we have made in the past 15 months. Since January 2002, we’ve added four new offices and created three new full-service regional centers in Oakland, Palo Alto and Walnut Creek to build out our San Francisco Bay Area franchise.With the addition of Civic BanCorp, we doubled our assets in the Bay Area to $1 billion, but beyond that, we added private bankers and branch colleagues to fill out our two-tier delivery system and to provide both branch banking and our brand of premier private and business banking there.We opened a new operations center in the Bay Area as well
Page 14

 to bring the same level of service and efficiency to Northern California and to give us an important business continuity center for the entire bank.
In December 2002, we opened a new private banking office in New York City, our first office outside of California, to better serve our bi-coastal clients and create other growth opportunities in that outstanding market.
We hired new and highly talented Private Client Services bankers in San Diego and Orange County, and for our new East Bay team. In a related step, to better deliver wealth management and private banking, we created and staffed our new Private Client Advisor positions.
We also continued our strong commitment to lending to small businesses, including minority- and women-owned businesses, and broadened our business banking product array with enhancements to Online Cash Management and Online Letters of Credit—with more in the pipeline for 2003.We invested substantially to enhance and upgrade our technology and to build our brand and our client base through our successful advertising and direct mail efforts.
Acknowledgments
As we move into 2003 and beyond, City National is committed to the highest prin- ciples of business, accounting and corporate governance. As a nationally chartered banking association, as well as a publicly held corporation listed on the New York Stock Exchange, we have a particularly strong determination to uphold appropriate ethical standards and preserve the trust of our clients and communities. Likewise, we are fully committed to providing our shareholders and the investment community with timely, accurate and complete financial information.
While our standards have always been strong, working with our Board of Directors we have strengthened our corporate governance practices in light of evolving guide- lines and new legislation. With that in mind, we want to express our deep appreciation to our company’s dedicated Directors for their integrity, independence and invaluable counsel.
As we look to the future, we want to thank two distinguished Directors who retired from our Board in 2002. Chuck Rickershauser served with great distinction and
Page 15

 dedication for 20 years. Bill Richardson heeded the call to return to public service and was elected Governor of New Mexico. Both men made many contributions to the growth and success of City National, and we are grateful for their service.
We are very pleased to welcome Ken Coleman, who joined our Board as its newest member in February 2003. Ken brings to our Board years of considerable experi- ence and expertise in technology, board service and Northern California.
Finally, we want to express deep appreciation to our clients, our colleagues, our shareholders and the communities that we serve. For almost 50 years, City National has built real value for each of these key constituencies.The credit for that success belongs to everyone involved on Team City National since the bank opened its doors on January 4, 1954.
As we look forward to the celebration of City National’s 50th anniversary next January, we are mindful of the success, skills, dedication, effectiveness and collective capabilities of our Board of Directors, Executive Committee and all of our col- leagues; the new opportunities that we have in our markets; the loyalty of our remarkable clients; and the much valued support of our shareholders. All this, and much more, makes us quite optimistic about this company’s ability to create even greater value for all who will be involved with City National over the next 50 years.
Sincerely,
Bram Goldsmith
Chairman
City National Corporation
March 6, 2003
Russell Goldsmith
Vice Chairman and CEO City National Corporation Chairman and CEO
City National Bank
  Page 16
