  2008 ANNUAL REPORT
 Dear NCR Shareholder,
NCR’s rich 125-year history has had a number of standout years, and 2008 will go down as one of our company’s most successful. A few of the primary achievements include:
Outstanding financial performance, highlighted by revenue growth of 7 percent to $5.3 billion. Non-pension operating income, or NPOI, grew 15 percent versus the prior year, and we generated $277 million in free cash flow, up from $39 million in 2007.
The launch of over 50 new products in 2008, including
the industry’s newest and most innovative ATM family, NCR SelfServ; our next generation self-checkout solution, 5.0; and other groundbreaking solutions in point of sale and self service.
A return to the #1 market share of shipments of ATMs in North America while maintaining our lead in key global markets and our overall global share leadership position.
Significant gains in the execution of our self-service strategy, including expansion into new industries such as entertainment, which promise to open future avenues of growth for NCR.
Excellent progress toward our goal of establishing the industry’s lowest cost structure, with significant improvement in both gross and operating margins.
And the repurchase of almost 22 million shares of our common stock for approximately $494 million dollars.
These achievements made for a very satisfying year, and I would like to thank our employees, customers, partners and shareholders for their support in making it happen. Unfortunately, 2008 was also a year that ended on a dark note for the global economy
and for many of our customers, particularly in the retail industry. This challenging environment is expected to prevail throughout 2009 and possibly into 2010.
As we navigate through this turbulence, I am confident we are operating from a position of competitive strength. In fact, NCR is stronger operationally and competitively than it has been in many years. We are winning in the marketplace and delivering improving financial results because we continue to execute three critical long-term business goals:
Generate profitable revenue growth,
Build the lowest and most efficient cost structure in our industry, and
Optimize our capital structure.
The company’s rich tradition of innovation is helping to fuel profitable revenue growth opportunities as we extend leadership in traditional industries, including financial and retail; deliver consumables in support of those solutions, like our 2ST, two- sided thermal printers and paper; break into new solution areas, like branch automation; and set the stage for future growth in new industries.
In financial services, NCR is driving new initiatives spanning self-service automation, online banking, mobile banking, and teller-assisted cash recycling, which have allowed us to expand our available market to exceed $9 billion. And we have launched the industry’s newest and most innovative ATM family, NCR SelfServ, to customer accolades and industry recognition, helping us to reclaim the #1 market share position in North America while maintaining our lead globally.
Our initiatives have directly helped the banking industry, which
is under immense pressure to cut costs and create enhanced loyalty and intimacy with customers. Banks across the globe have initiated a renewed and aggressive focus on growing
core deposits, and self service plays a central role in customer acquisition and retention. Our banking customers are very aware of the economic value proposition of our solutions, including tremendous cost savings, increased productivity, attractive ROI, and positive customer satisfaction levels.
           “The Company’s rich tradition of innovation is helping to fuel profitable revenue growth opportunities as we extend leadership in traditional solutions.
   “

                    Retail is among the most challenged sectors globally due to
the consumer recession. Even so, NCR is delivering solutions like our next generation self-checkout products that increase store productivity, lower costs and improve consumer satisfaction.
We are also in the midst of an upgrade cycle on the point-of-sale side of the business where we are winning new business with our RealPOS 70 XRT. These two areas of strength will help provide support in this otherwise difficult period.
Research recently commissioned by NCR showed that 72 percent of American consumers are more likely to shop with a retailer that provides the flexibility to interact and transact across multiple channels: in-store, the Internet, mobile apps, and self-serve kiosks. Retailers that provide that flexibility stand a better chance of getting foot traffic, clicks, and kiosk visits that result in sales. In fact, many large retailers are now seeing upwards of 50 percent of their store transactions executed at a self-checkout station rather than traditional point-of-sale, and we believe that
ten years from now very few traditional point-of-sale checkouts will still exist.
What is happening in retail will extend to many other industries as well, and NCR aims to lead that migration. One of the most exciting areas we have entered is entertainment, where digital technologies are disrupting the traditional models for rental
and sale of packaged media. We are also active in other verticals like healthcare and the public sector, software and technology services, and travel and lodging–where we are already #1 in airport check-in kiosks.
Behind our solutions offerings sits NCR’s largest revenue business: Services. Our Service business provides a stable annuity and continues to be a key ingredient of our strategy: we view this aspect of our business as a tremendous asset, particularly in
the current economic environment. For every solution we sell, we want to have a services agreement wrapped around that sale. Our “attach rates” continue to improve, and we remain the largest service provider in the ATM industry today. We also have a growing and vibrant managed services business and outsourcing opportunity in front of us, and so we look forward to driving better margins in Services while building on our leadership position.
2008 Revenue Mix by Geography
Europe / Middle East / Africa $2,066m United States $1,787m
Asia / Pacific (excluding Japan) $628m Americas (excluding United States) $482m Japan $352m
In Services and throughout the company, we are becoming more productive and cost efficient. We are on a path to building the industry’s lowest cost structure, with significant annual expense savings achieved to date and $200 million to $250 million expected between the year just concluded and the end of 2010. These savings will come from such initiatives as value engineering, more efficient product lifecycle management, and the design
of products for serviceability.
NCR is also hard at work optimizing its capital structure. We have over $700 million in cash at the end of 2008, and improved our working capital position. Increased inventory turnover and better accounts receivable performance are leading the way, and the resulting improvement in cash flow has supported increased repurchases, targeted fill-in acquisitions, and most important, reinvestment in research and development.
Through all of these actions, it is clear that NCR has momentum. While our 2009 results will be defined in some measure by the challenging economic environment, we have a solid working capital position, a track record of managing the company for strong business results, the right strategy, and a dedicated workforce who believes in our vision: Our goal is to be the leader in how the world connects, interacts, and transacts with business.
We believe we have ample opportunity to drive performance benefits during the downturn as well as a compelling value proposition to deliver to our customers at what is a difficult time for them. We are focused on managing through this period in a nimble and aggressive manner. I have a high degree of confidence in our strategy and our people, and we expect to emerge in a more powerful position in the years ahead.
William R. Nuti
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  