 2006 REVENUE MIX
INCOME FROM OPERATIONS
STOCK PERFORMANCE
 $473m
$50 $40 $30 $20 $10
$0
   Teradata
Data Warehousing
Financial Self Service
Retail Store Automation
Customer Services Systemedia
Payment & Imaging and Other
$410m
   $233m $130m
      Revenue mix continues to improve.
2003 2004
2005 2006
Since we began our multi-year profit improvement plan at the start of 2003, both Income From Operations and stock price have more than tripled.
2003 2004 2005 2006
 William R. Nuti
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
NCR had another good year in 2006, reflecting the aggressive approach taken by the Company to execute our multi-year profit improvement plan to achieve a 10 percent operating margin, before pension expense, by 2007. We are pleased
to have met that goal in 2006, one year ahead of schedule.
In addition to improving our revenue mix, we also surpassed our multi-year cost reduction target of $350 million during the year.
In 2006, NCR’s revenues increased 2 percent to $6.14 billion, and our income from operations grew to $473 million — more than tripling the operating income from 2003. Although pleased with these results, we continue to invest for future growth and rationalize our cost structure as we drive for greater efficiencies and productivity.
And as a result of the successful execution of our multi-year profit improvement plan, shareholders have seen significant stock price appreciation since the beginning of 2003.
President and Chief Executive Officer
James M. Ringler
Chairman of the Board

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 1
NCR06
  NCR’s technology coupled with our entire team of dedicated employees is focused on delivering business value to our customers.
2006 BUSINESS UNIT RESULTS
Teradata Data Warehousing grew revenues 6 percent from 2005 to $1.57 billion as demand continues to increase for enterprise data warehousing. Operating income of $340 million improved $31 million from 2005, resulting in a 22 percent operating margin. But, more important, Teradata improved its operating results while increasing investment in sales, demand-creation and engineering resources.
Financial Self Service (ATMs) revenue was up 2 percent compared to 2005. Operating income declined to $172 million from $212 million in 2005. Operating margins were pressured
by price erosion, which has recently moderated from more significant levels, an adverse geographic revenue mix — resulting in the under-absorption of our North American manufacturing facility — and transition costs associated with the realignment
of our manufacturing facilities, including the ramp-up of our new manufacturing facility in Budapest, Hungary.
In 2007, we are restructuring our ATM manufacturing resources to achieve more acceptable operating margins going forward. Specifically, we are reducing our manufacturing presence in Scotland while increasing production in Hungary, India and China. Additionally, we are transferring our manufacturing in the Americas to a third party.
Our Retail Store Automation group saw a 2 percent increase
in revenues and a $4 million increase in operating income from 2005, despite a challenging year for retailers. Year-over-year, higher-margin self-service technologies revenues grew double digits to comprise 27 percent of Retail Store Automation’s revenues. NCR is a market leader in the fast growing and attractive self-service market.
Customer Services was successful in executing a number of operational initiatives to reduce cost while continuing to shift our revenue mix toward the maintenance of higher-margin NCR-branded products. These actions increased operating margin from 3 percent in 2005 to 5 percent in 2006 on relatively flat revenues.
Our Customer Services division plays a critical role in our success. Our ability to provide support services for all of
our solutions around the globe is unquestionably one of our competitive advantages.
GOING FORWARD
Driving profitable revenue growth is at the forefront of NCR’s strategy. Teradata is well-poised to capture increasing demand in the enterprise analytics market, and our Financial Self Service and Retail Store Automation groups are positioned to grow with the burgeoning self-service market.
Throughout NCR, we are dedicated to the customer. Our sales force, consultants and customer service engineers are truly the face of NCR. They build the relationships, understand each customer’s unique situation and needs, and present the value of NCR’s solutions. Even our non-customer-facing employees take responsibility for customer satisfaction — whether it’s designing and delivering our products for the utmost levels
of quality, or managing back-office tasks in such a way as to improve our efficiency and ensure that it’s easy to do business with NCR. Everyone has an important role to play.
We want to thank NCR’s customers, employees, suppliers and partners for contributing to our achievements in 2006. It is through our employees’ collective enthusiasm, passion
and drive for results that NCR will be capable of continued improvement in our results throughout 2007 and beyond.
Thank you for your continued interest and support.
William R. Nuti
President and Chief Executive Officer
James M. Ringler Chairman of the Board
  