Innovate. Invest. Grow.
To Our Shareholders:
Your company completed a very strong year in 2013. We executed well on major capital projects that are now delivering benefits to our customers across North America. We identified new opportunities to deliver clean energy to even more customers in 2014 and beyond. We continued to deliver superior operational performance that reflects our culture
of continuous improvement. And for you, our shareholders, NextEra Energy, Inc. delivered adjusted earnings of $2.1 billion, or $4.97 per share,1 as well as a total shareholder return of 28 percent, which was more than twice the return of the S&P 500 Utilities Index in 2013.2
At Florida Power & Light Company we invested approximately $2.9 billion in 2013 to strengthen Florida’s electric infrastructure and help us serve
our customers even better. These investments will further improve a customer value proposition that includes high reliability, award-winning customer service, a clean emissions profile, and
a typical residential customer bill that is the lowest among reporting electric utilities in Florida and 28 percent lower than the national average.3
At NextEra Energy Resources, LLC
(with its affiliated entities, “NextEra Energy Resources”), we strengthened our position as North America’s
leading generator of renewable energy from the wind and sun. Our wind development team added approximately 375 megawatts (MW) of new U.S. and Canadian wind capacity to our portfolio in 2013, and signed more than 1,100 MW of new power purchase agreements. Our solar development team brought
1 See page AR-6 for reconciliation of adjusted amounts to GAAP amounts. 2 Source: FactSet Research Systems.
3 National average is as of July 2013 on a rate-per-kWh basis.
4 See page AR-6 for reconciliation of adjusted amounts to GAAP amounts. 5 Source: FactSet Research Systems.
James L. Robo, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
into service approximately 280 MW of contracted U.S. solar generation last year and signed an additional 290 MW of new power purchase agreements. Our gas infrastructure business also had a very strong year.
NextEra Energy reached several additional milestones in 2013. We had another record year for safety. Our transmission business energized the new Lone Star line in Texas and won development
rights for a new transmission project in Ontario, Canada. NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. reached agreement to invest an estimated $1.5 billion in capital expenditures to build a new natural
gas pipeline system for which FPL is expected to be the anchor tenant. And we challenged each other to make our company even better through Project Momentum, a corporate-wide initiative to reduce costs and improve productivity that we expect will generate well over $200 million in annual savings by 2016.
We remain focused on our goal of becoming North America’s leading provider of clean energy, and we believe that we are positioned well to deliver additional value to our shareholders. For the 10 years ended Dec. 31, 2013, our adjusted earnings per share grew at a compound annual rate of 7.2 percent.4 For the 10 years ended Dec. 31, 2013, our total shareholder return was 271 percent, compared to 142 percent for the S&P 500 Utilities Index and 104 percent for the S&P 500 Index.5
We also continue to deliver consistent dividend growth to our investors.
Our dividends per share grew at a compound annual rate of 8.2 percent
  NextEra Energy
Dividends Per Share* $2.64
$1.20
2003 2013
*Dividend amounts for 2003 and 2004 are adjusted for the stock split effective in March 2005
10-year Total Shareholder Return** 12/31/2003–12/31/2013
           8. Compound Growth
2% Annual Rate
    133% 104%
142%
S&P 500 Utilities Index
271%
NextEra Energy
Source: FactSet
    S&P 500
S&P 500 Electric Utilities Index
**With dividend reinvestment
ANNUAL REPORT AR-1

for the 10 years ended Dec. 31, 2013. In February 2014, the Board of Directors announced an increase in our quarterly dividend to 72.5 cents per share, a 9.8 percent increase from last year, which is consistent with the plan that the board announced in February 2012 to target
a payout ratio, expressed relative to adjusted earnings, of about 55 percent in 2014 to reflect the shift in our portfolio mix toward more regulated and long-term contracted assets.
We are proud of our accomplishments
in 2013, but like all our shareholders, we are focused on the future. Three words capture the imperatives by which we aim to drive our performance in 2014: innovate, invest, and grow. By doing these three things we believe
that we will deliver more value for our customers, for the communities we serve, and for you. And we will strive to deliver that value across our businesses.
Florida Power &
Light Company
In 2013, FPL delivered excellent value
to the nearly 4.7 million Florida families and businesses that rely on us for
their electric service. Our customers continue to benefit from the highest reliability in the state as well as a typical residential customer bill that is the lowest among reporting electric utilities in Florida. We continue to deliver award- winning customer service and one of
the cleanest emissions profiles in the industry. In 2013, FPL received its best- ever customer value scores from both our residential and business customers since we began tracking this indicator nine years ago.
The business also performed very well for our shareholders. FPL’s net income in 2013 was $1.35 billion, or $3.16 per share, compared with $1.24 billion, or $2.96 per share, in 2012. The main driver of this earnings growth was additional investment in clean and efficient power generation and other infrastructure projects that helped improve our customer value proposition.
FPL continues to deliver terrific operational performance. Our fossil fleet set a new record for fuel efficiency in 2013, bringing our system-wide fuel usage rate down
to 7,657 British thermal units (BTU) per kilowatt hour, which is 23 percent better than the average fuel usage rate for all other fossil generators in the U.S. electric utility industry. Since 2001, FPL’s fuel efficiency for our fossil fleet has improved by 21 percent, resulting in more than half a billion dollars in savings for customers in 2013 alone. In 2013, for the second consecutive year, we achieved our best- ever overall reliability performance, and for the five years from 2009 to 2013, FPL’s reliability was the best among Florida investor-owned utilities.6
FPL once again is adding customers
at an encouraging rate. We averaged approximately 80,000 more customers during the fourth quarter of 2013 than in the comparable prior-year quarter, the largest increase in customer count since late 2007. In addition, our 12-month average of low-usage accounts fell
to 8.2 percent, the lowest level since December 2007, while our number of inactive accounts reached its lowest level since 2005.
FPL has continued to invest in projects designed to improve the long-term
value we deliver to our customers
and shareholders. Each of our three power plant modernizations reached a major milestone in 2013. We brought into service our Cape Canaveral Next Generation Clean Energy Center in
April, one month ahead of schedule
and more than $100 million under its approximately $1 billion budget. We completed operational tests on the first
of three natural gas-powered combustion turbines at our new Riviera Beach Next Generation Clean Energy Center, which we expect to bring online in the second quarter of 2014. And after a flawless demolition in July of our 1960s-era Port Everglades power plant, we are now constructing a third modernized facility with an expected in-service date of mid- 2016. During the operating lifetimes of these three new, efficient power plants, we estimate that our customers will save more than $1 billion in fuel and other costs, relative to the higher-cost alternatives of purchased or generated power.
FPL also completed two other major capital investment projects in 2013 that we expect will benefit our customers for years to come. In April, we finished the extended power uprates at our four nuclear units in Florida. This project, the largest U.S. nuclear upgrade investment in recent history, added approximately 520 MW of clean, zero- emission generation to our fleet, and we expect that they will save our customers approximately $3.8 billion in fossil
fuel costs over the life of the plants. In addition, FPL also wrapped up one of the most ambitious smart grid projects in the country nine months ahead of schedule. This $800 million program included the installation of 4.5 million smart meters
6 Source: Average annual System Average Interruption Duration Index (SAIDI).
AR-2 ANNUAL REPORT

and more than 10,000 intelligent devices across our service territory.
FPL also received key regulatory approvals in 2013 for two major projects. The Florida Public Service Commission (FPSC) approved our plan to accelerate our existing storm hardening program that will strengthen the system against major storms and improve its overall reliability. The FPSC also approved FPL’s new natural gas transportation capacity contracts associated with our proposed interstate pipeline system. This new pipeline system, which is subject to approval by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, represents a capital investment opportunity for NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. of approximately $1.5 billion through our joint venture with Spectra Energy as well as through our wholly owned subsidiary Florida Southeast Connection.
NextEra Energy Resources
Our competitive generation business also had a very strong year. At the end of 2013, NextEra Energy Resources’ portfolio included nearly 17,800 MW
of generating capacity across 24 U.S. states and approximately 400 MW in four Canadian provinces. We operate the largest wind and solar portfolio in North America and together with FPL we operate one of the largest nuclear fleets in the United States. Our assets are diversified both by fuel type and by the markets they serve, but they are all managed with the same focus on operational excellence that drives our work across the company.
This business also delivered solid returns for our shareholders. NextEra Energy Resources reported adjusted earnings of
$780 million, or $1.83 per share, in 2013, compared with $693 million, or $1.66 per share, in 2012.7 The main driver of the increase in adjusted earnings was new additions to our renewables portfolio.
NextEra Energy Resources delivered outstanding operational performance across the business. Our wind fleet achieved its best equivalent forced outage rate, which is a key measure of generation availability, in nearly a decade. Our fossil, solar, and nuclear operations teams had their best-ever years for safety. And
two of our nuclear plants, Duane Arnold Energy Center in Iowa and Seabrook Station in New Hampshire, each operated continuously for more than 400 days, a remarkable operational achievement in the nuclear industry.
The extension of the federal production tax credit in January 2013 created a new window of opportunity to bring the benefits of wind energy to more customers in the United States, and we continue to pursue wind projects
in Canada as well. By the end of 2013, our wind development team had added approximately 375 MW of new U.S. and Canadian wind capacity to our portfolio and signed more than 1,100 MW of new power purchase agreements. In the three-year period from 2013 through 2015 we now expect to develop between 2,000 and 2,500 MW of new contracted wind projects in the United States, of which 1,425 MW were already placed into service or had signed power purchase agreements as of Jan. 28, 2014. We also expect to add approximately 600 MW of new contracted Canadian wind projects during that period, all of which are already placed into service or have signed power purchase agreements.
Our solar development team also had
a strong year. We brought into service approximately 280 MW of contracted solar generation at our Desert Sunlight and Genesis facilities in California. Our 20-MW Mountain View project in Nevada was commissioned in early 2014, and we expect the remaining 245 MW of Genesis and Desert Sunlight to enter service later this year. Our 250-MW McCoy project
in California is also on schedule and we expect it to come into service in 2015 and 2016. We signed an additional 290 MW of power purchase agreements for solar energy in 2013, and we now expect a total of approximately 800 MW of contracted solar capacity to come online by the end of 2016.
Awards & Recognition
At NextEra Energy, we hold ourselves accountable to our shareholders and our customers, yet we appreciate third- party recognition when we receive it.
So far in 2014, we have been named a World’s Most Ethical Company® by the Ethisphere Institute for the seventh time. And for an eighth year in a row, Fortune magazine ranked us No. 1 among gas and electric utilities on its list of Most Admired Companies, an achievement unprecedented in our sector.
Many of our operating units were recognized for outstanding performance in 2013. For the 10th year in a row,
the FPL team earned the national ServiceOne Award for outstanding customer service. Our nuclear fleet
was honored with several industry awards for the execution of our nuclear uprates, including the Nuclear Energy Institute’s Top Industry Practice Award for excellence in project implementation
7 See page AR-6 for reconciliation of adjusted amounts to GAAP amounts.
ANNUAL REPORT AR-3

at Point Beach, St. Lucie and Turkey Point. These nuclear uprates, along with the simultaneous execution of our wind development program that increased our wind fleet capacity to more than 10,000 MW, also earned our company the distinction of being named a finalist for the 2013 Edison Award, the highest honor in the electric utility industry.
We also appreciate third-party recognition that we are building and supporting a successful team. For the fourth year in a row, Hispanic Business Media named us as one of the nation’s best companies for diversity practices. For the eighth time, the National Business Group on Health selected us as one of the best employers for healthy lifestyles.
Leadership
As 2013 drew to a close, so too did
the remarkable tenure of one of our industry’s great leaders, Lew Hay. During the 11 years Lew served as
CEO, NextEra Energy delivered a total shareholder return better than that of any of the major players in our industry, and also better than that of some of the most iconic brands in any industry – better than Coca-Cola, Federal Express, Procter & Gamble, ExxonMobil, Berkshire Hathaway, Walt Disney, Walmart, or Microsoft. In addition, Lew deserves the credit for establishing our company’s reputation as a clean energy leader. While our company had been pioneering clean energy technologies for many years, it was Lew who took this facet of our business and elevated it to the focus of our strategy. It was Lew who saw first what we all see today: that the future of clean energy is what drives us, and that our true identity really is NextEra Energy.
As the Board of Directors honored Lew
for his leadership, we also welcomed
Kirk S. Hachigian as our newest member. Kirk has been named Chairman and CEO of JELD-WEN, Inc., a window and door manufacturer. Kirk formerly served as Chairman, President and CEO of Cooper Industries, a manufacturer of electrical products, and as President and CEO of Asia Pacific Operations for GE Lighting. Kirk’s success in leading a publicly
traded global enterprise, combined with
a personal and professional passion for driving strategic, financial and operating performance improvement, has already contributed to the leadership, governance, and financial acumen of the board. In addition, we offer our gratitude and best wishes to Michael H. Thaman, who will be retiring from our Board of Directors at our 2014 Annual Meeting. Mike has provided wise and valued counsel to our company’s leaders for more than 10 years, and has served as our Lead Director for the past two years and as the Chair of our Audit Committee for more than seven years. We will miss Mike’s insight and perspective.
I will close with words I have often shared with members of our team: I would not trade our growth prospects for those of any other company in our industry. We have terrific assets. We have a talented team. And we see countless opportunities to innovate, invest, and grow – not only in 2014, but in the years to come. Thank you for being part of our success.
James L. Robo
James L. Robo
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 21, 2014
AR-4 ANNUAL REPORT
