 Solving America’s Energy Challenges
James L. Robo
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
To our shareholders:
Our company completed an outstanding year in 2014. We continued to execute on many major capital projects across North America, several of which we brought online this year. We delivered exceptional operational and financial performance. Our core businesses are well positioned for further growth, and we also identified multiple new opportunities to leverage our skills and strengths to expand our position in additional markets. Our vision has not changed: We aim to be North America’s leader in the generation and delivery of clean energy – in every region and market where economics are favorable, through the deployment of diverse technologies, and at multiple points in the energy and power value chain. We believe that we are better prepared than any other company to help solve our nation’s energy challenges.
NextEra Energy, Inc. (NYSE: NEE) delivered very strong value for our shareholders in 2014. We generated adjusted earnings of $2.3 billion, or $5.30 per share.1 This increase of 6.6 percent
in adjusted earnings per share from 2013 includes a one-time negative impact of about $0.15 per share associated with the successful launch of NextEra Energy Partners, LP (NYSE: NEP). For the 10 years ended Dec. 31, 2014, our adjusted
earnings per share increased at a compounded annual rate of 7.8 percent.
Our company delivered a total shareholder return of 28 percent in 2014, which was just under the 29 percent return of the S&P 500 Utilities Index and about twice the return of the S&P 500 Index. For the 10 years ended Dec. 31, 2014, our total shareholder return was 300 percent, compared to 151 percent for the S&P 500 Utilities Index and 109 percent for the S&P 500 Index. NextEra Energy ended 2014 with the second- largest market capitalization in the United States, and fifth-largest in the world, among electric utility companies.2
NextEra Energy also continues to deliver consistent dividend growth to our investors. Our dividends per share grew at
a compounded annual rate of 8.4 percent for the 10 years ended Dec. 31, 2014.
In February 2015, our board of directors announced an increase in our quarterly dividend to 77 cents per share, an increase of 6.2 percent from last year. This quarterly dividend is consistent with targeting a payout ratio of 55 percent
in 2015, expressed relative to adjusted earnings, and reflects the shift in our portfolio mix toward more regulated and long-term contracted assets.
Our performance in 2014 delivered great value to our broad range of stakeholders, yet our nation still faces significant challenges as it moves toward a clean energy future. Residential and business customers want more tools to control their energy use and to reduce their monthly bills. States and communities want greater investment in clean energy at the lowest cost and without sacrificing reliability. National leaders seek to reduce emissions, to rely less on foreign fuels, and to strengthen the grid against natural events and emerging threats. We believe NextEra Energy has the scale, skills and scope to partner with all our stakeholders to help solve our energy challenges. And we believe our accomplishments in 2014 have made us an even better partner.
Dividends Per Share
2004 – 2014
Dividend amounts for 2004 are adjusted for the stock split effective in March 2005
$1 %
$ 2 .9 0
     8.4 Compound Annual
Growth Rate
    .30
2004
   2014
 1 See page AR-7 for reconciliation of adjusted amounts to GAAP amounts. 2 Source: FactSet Research Systems.
ANNUAL REPORT AR-1

Florida Power & Light Company
At Florida Power & Light Company, we invested approximately $3.1 billion in 2014 to strengthen Florida’s electric infrastructure and to help us serve our customers even better. More than 4.7 million homes and businesses in Florida benefit from FPL’s customer value proposition that includes high reliability, award-winning customer service, a clean emissions profile, and a typical residential customer bill that in 2014 was the lowest among reporting electric utilities in Florida and about 25 percent lower than the national average.3 Both residential and business customers gave us our best-ever customer value scores in 2014.
The business also delivered significant value for our shareholders. FPL’s net income in 2014 was $1.52 billion, up from $1.35 billion in 2013. FPL generated earnings per share of $3.45, which represents an increase of 9 percent over the prior year. Our continued investments in clean and efficient power generation, smart grid technology and other infrastructure projects helped drive this earnings growth, as did an increase in FPL’s wholesale power sales.
FPL continues to deliver terrific operational performance. FPL’s non- fuel base O&M in 2014 was more than
$100 million below 2012 levels. This improvement is due, in large part, to
our team’s successful execution of numerous ideas generated through Project Momentum, our corporate-wide productivity initiative. FPL’s operational excellence has helped further lower our customers’ bills: In January 2015, FPL’s typical residential customer electric bill was reduced by nearly $2 per month. And beginning in May 2015, savings on fuel are expected to enable an additional reduction of $3 per month on a typical customer bill.
FPL averaged approximately 68,000 more customers during the fourth quarter of 2014 than in the comparable prior- year quarter. New meter connections increased approximately 47,000 in 2014, which is more than 20 percent higher than the prior year. These improving customer metrics reflect continued economic and population growth across the State of Florida, which, according to the U.S. Census, moved ahead of New York in 2014 to become America’s third- most populous state.
FPL’s major capital projects will help deliver further value to our growing customer base. Our team completed one major plant modernization at Riviera Beach ahead of schedule and under budget, began construction on another at Port Everglades and continued to
strengthen our power delivery network to improve reliability. FPL now operates one of the most modern, clean, fuel- efficient and low-carbon generation fleets in the nation.
In December 2014, FPL received regulatory approval from the Florida Public Service Commission (PSC) for its first investment in natural gas supplies. We expect that this investment in the Woodford Shale region in Oklahoma
will save money for FPL customers and reduce their exposure to long-term price volatility in commodity markets. We have also asked the PSC to approve a set of guidelines for future natural gas production projects, which would enable FPL to take advantage of additional natural gas investment opportunities that would be expected to deliver further benefits to FPL customers.
FPL has worked for several years to develop cost-effective solar power in Florida, and in January 2015 announced plans to build three new utility-scale solar projects that together are expected to effectively triple our utility-scale capacity. These projects represent a total investment of up to $420 million and are all expected to be completed in time to qualify for the current level of federal incentives that expires at the end of 2016. And although utility-scale projects remain the most economical way to utilize solar energy for FPL customers, we have announced that in 2015 FPL
will build the first of several community- based solar installations as part of a pilot program funded by FPL and by customers who volunteer to participate.
We continue to see significant opportunities to invest capital at FPL to deliver further value to our customers. We expect to deploy approximately $13.9 billion to $15.6 billion from 2015 to 2018, primarily on projects that are focused on improving reliability, reducing fuel costs and reducing emissions, as well as on the maintenance of our existing assets.
We believe FPL is the best utility in the nation. Superior operational
 FPL’s DeSoto Next Generation Solar Energy Center, DeSoto County, Fla.
3 National average is as of July 2014 on a rate-per-kWh basis; source: Edison Electric Institute
AR-2 ANNUAL REPORT

performance and continued investment in our infrastructure allow us to deliver exceptional value for our customers. Florida’s geography and business climate create the right incentives
for our customer base to continue to grow. And our culture of continuous improvement has positioned FPL at the leading edge of innovation in the U.S. electric power industry.
NextEra Energy Resources
NextEra Energy Resources, LLC (with
its affiliated entities, Energy Resources), also delivered an excellent year. We installed more than 1,600 megawatts (MW) of wind and solar projects, making 2014 our strongest year ever for new renewable capacity placed into service. In 2014, we generated more electricity from wind and solar energy than any company in the world. Together with FPL, our utility-scale solar capacity is now
the second-largest in the United States and our nuclear fleet remains one of the nation’s largest. The Energy Resources portfolio of clean and contracted
energy projects in North America now serves customers in 25 states and four Canadian provinces.
This business also delivered solid returns for our shareholders. Energy Resources’ adjusted earnings in 2014 were $833 million, or $1.89 per share, compared to $780 million, or $1.83 per share, in 2013.4 These results include a one-time negative impact of $0.15 per share associated with establishing and launching NEP, $0.10 of which is a non-cash income tax charge incurred when we separated several Canadian projects to enable them to fit into the NEP structure.
Energy Resources had one of our best years ever in 2014 for originating new contracted renewables projects. We signed approximately 1,400 MW of wind and solar power purchase agreements and we now have signed contracts for more than 2,100 MW of wind and solar projects to come into service in 2015 and
NextEra Energy Resources’ Limon III Wind Energy Center, Lincoln County, Colo.
 4 See page AR-7 for reconciliation of adjusted amounts to GAAP amounts.
2016. This includes approximately 980 MW of U.S. wind projects, 175 MW of Canadian wind projects, and 960 MW of U.S. solar projects.
These projects and others in our development pipeline will drive additional capital investment at Energy Resources. For the period 2015 to 2018, we now expect to invest up to $5.7 billion for new wind projects with total generation of up to 3,300 MW, and to invest up to $4.6 billion for new solar projects with total generation of up to 1,800 MW.
Our expectations at Energy Resources reflect our strong position in a growing market. Wind and solar equipment prices continue to decline. Policy support for renewable energy remains favorable, such as the one-year extension of the federal Production Tax Credit for wind energy and the 2030 carbon emissions targets in the Environmental Protection Agency’s Clean Energy Plan. Energy storage solutions continue to become more affordable, and could trigger a significant, positive and long-term shift in the demand curve for renewable energy. However fast this market grows in North America, Energy Resources is positioned very well. We have the commercial
skills, the operational expertise and the engineering and construction experience to compete successfully in every market in which renewable energy makes economic sense.
NextEra Energy Partners
In 2014, NextEra Energy became the sponsor of NEP, at the time the most successful initial public offering in the history of YieldCo and Master Limited Partnership vehicles, as measured by day one yield. We structured NEP to ensure
a close alignment of interests between NextEra Energy shareholders and NEP unitholders. All NEP projects continue
to be operated by the Energy Resources team, and NEP’s value in part reflects its ability to acquire projects developed at Energy Resources. NEP delivered a total unitholder return of 36 percent in 2014.
NEP delivers additional value to NextEra Energy shareholders in several ways. First, NEP helps us execute our strategy of recycling capital from operating assets and is now part of our ongoing financing program. Second, as the sponsor of NEP, NextEra Energy receives cash through incentive distribution right fees, which are expected to grow as NEP’s limited
ANNUAL REPORT AR-3

partner unit distributions grow. Finally, the success of NEP highlights the value investors place on contracted clean energy projects and, therefore, the value of wind and solar projects that remain
in the Energy Resources portfolio and its development pipeline. We believe strong demand for additional wind and solar projects in North America creates additional growth opportunities for both NextEra Energy and NEP and that the success of NEP broadens the growth profile of NextEra Energy.
Corporate Achievements
On the corporate level, NextEra Energy made good progress on several growth initiatives, including our investments in natural gas pipelines. The Sabal Trail Transmission and Florida Southeast Connection projects, which together represent a capital investment of about $1.5 billion, continue to progress well through their respective processes and we remain on track for commercial operations to begin in the middle of 2017. Our joint venture with EQT Corporation to build the Mountain Valley Pipeline through West Virginia and Virginia, in which we expect to invest up to $1.3 billion, is also proceeding well with an expected in- service date by the end of 2018.
In December 2014, our company announced our intention to combine
with Hawaiian Electric Industries, in
large part because of our shared vision to bring a more affordable clean energy future to Hawaii. This transaction
reflects our long-range strategy to grow earnings from regulated businesses
and to leverage the unique strengths
and skills that set us apart from our industry peers. Hawaiian Electric is addressing a vast array of complex and interrelated issues associated with its clean energy transformation. We believe NextEra Energy’s strengths are additive to Hawaiian Electric’s and can help to advance Hawaii’s strategically important energy industry. Subject to the necessary approvals, we expect the transaction
to close by the end of 2015. We look
forward to working with the Hawaiian Electric team, and engaging with its customers and key stakeholders, to achieve a more affordable clean energy future for Hawaii.
Governance and Leadership
We hold ourselves to the highest of standards, especially those of our shareholders, but we are honored by third-party recognition when we receive it. In February 2015, Fortune magazine once again named us to its list of World’s Most Admired Companies and, for the first time, ranked us among the top 10 companies in the world for two attributes in the same year: innovativeness and community responsibility. In March 2015, the Ethisphere Institute named NextEra Energy a World’s Most Ethical Company® for the eighth time. These honors are a credit to the nearly 14,000 employees whose work continues to enhance our corporate reputation.
We believe that the quality of our leadership team is our greatest competitive advantage. In February
2015, we welcomed Amy B. Lane as the newest member of the NextEra Energy Board of Directors. Amy served as a managing director and group leader of the global Retail Investment Banking Group
investment community and has achieved well-earned recognition as one of the best CFOs in the industry.
Succession planning is a core element of leadership development at our company, and as a result we announced two key promotions in connection with Moray’s retirement. John Ketchum has been named senior vice president, finance, NextEra Energy, with responsibility for accounting, forecasting, tax and investor relations. John is expected to succeed Moray as chief financial officer and will report to him during the transition period. John’s deep finance and tax expertise, strong commercial sense, extensive legal background and detailed knowledge
of all aspects of the Energy Resources portfolio will serve him well as he transitions to the senior leadership role of NextEra Energy’s finance functions.
In addition, Mark Hickson has been named senior vice president, corporate development, strategy, quality and integration and will continue to be responsible for corporate strategy, merger- and acquisition-related activity, business development, and quality and process improvement initiatives. Mark has also been appointed to the board of directors of the general partner of NEP. Mark will focus on ways we can deliver more value to more customers in more markets and, in turn, deliver additional value to our shareholders.
We hope every shareholder is as proud
of our company as we are. Many of you have owned our company for decades; others have invested in our success only recently. We thank all of you for joining us as our company continues to grow, as we continue to lead, and as we continue to solve the energy challenges of our time.
Jim Robo
Jim Robo
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 23, 2015
AR-4 ANNUAL REPORT
at Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc., from 1997 until her retirement in 2002. Previously, she was a managing director at Salomon Brothers, Inc., where she founded and led the retail industry investment banking unit. Amy now serves on our board’s finance and investment committee.
Also in February 2015, Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Moray P. Dewhurst announced his intention to retire in the spring of 2016 as part of a planned leadership succession process. Moray has been a key part of the senior leadership of NextEra Energy for well over a decade, and has helped guide our company through a period of exceptional growth and success. For much of that time Moray has also been the principal spokesman for the company with the
