 “...Gold is rising in all major currencies — a true sign of a gold bull market.”
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,
WHY GOLD?
In our 2002 Annual Report, we wrote:
“From the 20-year bear market low of $253 an ounce in July 1999, gold has rallied to the current $330 per ounce range. Having witnessed many false starts to a new bull market in gold, the skeptics doubt the price will go any higher. The market is climbing the proverbial ‘wall of worry.’ We, on the other hand, do not worry. Our view is that all the factors that have pushed the gold price to current levels are still in place and we still see higher gold prices in the coming months and years.”
Four years later, with gold prices well over two times the bear market lows of 1999, we believe the fundamental gold bull market factors are stronger than ever.
Declining supply and robust demand are providing powerful support for gold prices. Throughout 2005, we saw jewelry demand increase over 4%, driven by strong demand in the Middle East, Turkey, China and India.1
1Based on GFMS 2005 year-end estimates.
NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION
“...we believe the fundamental gold bull market factors are stronger than ever.”
  2

   Even more impressive, inflows into the seven gold exchange- traded funds have stimulated over 15 million ounces (over $8 billion) of demand since inception, reflecting the market’s confidence in the sustainability of this gold bull market.
  DEVELOPMENT OF EXCHANGE TRADED GOLD INCREASE IN OUNCES UNDER MANAGEMENT
                                                 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
3

   “GOLD IS MONEY, AND IT SHINES IN UNCERTAIN POLITICAL AND ECONOMIC TIMES.”
On the supply side, a dearth of new discoveries in the last seven years, combined with an ever-lengthening permitting process and rising capital costs, has reduced mine output by 5% since 2001.1
  GOLD EXPENDITURES VS. MINE PRODUCTION
                                                                                                                                                Another factor driving gold prices higher is gold’s ongoing role in the world’s financial systems. Gold is money, and it shines in uncertain political and economic times. The U.S. Current Account deficit has grown to an unsustainable level of
1Based on GFMS 2005 year-end estimates.
NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION
 4

 “...gold had another solid year...”
GOLD VS. U.S. CURRENT ACCOUNT
over 6% of Gross Domestic Product, oil prices have skyrocketed, and the Middle East remains unstable. In 2005, the U.S. dollar was remarkably strong, yet gold had another solid year, rising 20% to close at $517 per ounce. When the growing financial imbalances of the U.S. are one day reconciled with the fact that no country can borrow its way to prosperity, we believe gold will shine brighter than ever.
2005 ANNUAL REPORT
5

 “Newmont retains the superior liquidity so valued by today’s investor.”
WHY NEWMONT?
The case for gold is easy and we believe the case for Newmont is just as strong. In 2005, Newmont benefited from a 9% increase in the average spot gold price, realizing over $440 per ounce for the year. Our stock gained 20% in 2005, significantly outpacing the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
NEWMONT VS. S&P 500
“Newmont... the only gold stock listed in the S&P 500.”
6
NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION

  For 2005, we again generated industry leading cash flow from continuing operations of $1.3 billion, despite lower earnings resulting primarily from ongoing industry-wide cost pressures and the impact of several non-cash charges. Income from continuing operations for 2005 was $374 million ($0.84 per share) compared with income from continuing operations of $453 million ($1.02 per share) in 2004. The 2005 equity gold sales were 6.5 million ounces compared with 7.0 million ounces in 2004.1 As we look to 2006 and beyond, we are excited about the opportunities our newest initiatives will provide for improving our cost structure and competitive profile in the industry. We remain confident in the exploration prospects contained within our 32-million-acre land position in many of the world’s premier gold districts.
In 2006, we expect to increase our investment in exploration, spending approximately $158 million, with our team of geologists and geoscientists continuing to develop and employ state-of- the-art geophysics and geochemistry technology. In 2005, we replaced depletion and generated reserve growth for the fourth straight year.
12005 equity gold sales include sales from Holloway and Golden Grove which are accounted for as discontinued operations.
2005 ANNUAL REPORT
    7

   “...OUR PROJECT PIPELINE OFFERS PROMISING OPPORTUNITIES.”
Over the next four years we will be investing approximately $1.8 billion in capital development programs designed to offset the natural decline of several mature operations around the globe. In 2006, we will be adding production from the Leeville and Phoenix mines in Nevada, and from the Ahafo mine in Ghana. In 2008, we expect to begin production from the Akyem mine in Ghana and the Boddington mine in Australia. These capital-effective mines will have average project lives of over 16 years, and once completed, will add over 2.5 million equity ounces of annual production at average costs applicable to sales below the current industry average.
                                                                              8
NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION
PROJECT PIPELINE

   “Newmont... focused
not only
on growth, but also on cost control.”
But just as our land position and our project pipeline offers promising opportunities, higher commodity and consumable input costs, as well as increasingly stringent permitting and regulatory pressures, are creating significant challenges for the mining industry. Energy prices accounted for over 18% of operating costs in 2005. While gold prices increased 20% in 2005, oil prices were up over 40%, placing increasing cost pressures on the gold mining industry. To help address these cost pressures, we have commenced construction of a 200-megawatt power plant in Nevada that is expected to significantly reduce our operating costs when completed in 2008.
During 2005, Newmont also increased its investment in the areas of sustainable development, environmental stewardship, employee health and safety, and social responsibility. Our commitment to leadership in these areas is fundamental to our long-term success and is already paying dividends. Our Ahafo project in Ghana was the first mining project to receive International Finance Corporation funding approval following the World Bank’s Extractive Industries Review. In addition, our unique partnership with the University of Colorado School of Medicine represents a systemic approach to health initiatives
2005 ANNUAL REPORT
 9

  around our mines. We continue to play a leading role in the development and promotion of transparency and accountability for the mining industry through our participation in the International Council on Mining and Metals.
As we reflect on 2005 and look to the future, we see a gold price environment that offers tremendous opportunities for substantial returns on our investments. We remain steadfast in our no-gold-hedging philosophy; and we continue to maintain the industry’s strongest balance sheet, with year-end 2005 cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and short-term investments of $1.9 billion. As we open 2006, our competitive advantages include an unrivaled land position approximately the size of England, a pipeline of long-lived assets slated for initial production over the next four years, superior trading liquidity, and industry-leading environmental and sustainable development programs.
    10
NEWMONT MINING CORPORATION

   We are committed to leveraging our exposure to rising gold prices for our investors in 2006 and beyond. We want to thank our shareholders, employees, suppliers, consumers of gold, partners, host governments and communities where we operate for their shared passion and commitment to our success. We also want to thank the Board of Directors for their counsel and dedication to strong corporate governance.
  “We are committed to leveraging our exposure to rising gold prices for
our investors...”
Sincerely,
Wayne W. Murdy
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Pierre Lassonde President
February 24, 2006
  2005 ANNUAL REPORT
11
