 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS:
A little over eighteen months ago, when I became President and CEO, we committed ourselves to improving the execution and sustainability of our business with a focus on three primary strategic priorities:
1. Enhancing our delivery of safe, reliable and profitable operating performance;
2. Successfully completing our 3 major development projects while improving our overall capital efficiency; and
3. Building a sustainable and profitable asset portfolio through a strategic combination of exploration, project development and acquisition initiatives.
We made significant strides in 2008 to ensure that our Company can deliver sustainable value to our shareholders, employees and host communities. We also recognize that there is still much to be done and, in our style of openness and transparency, some of those “opportunities” are high- lighted below.
Enhancing our delivery of safe, reliable and profitable operating performance
Beginning in July 2007, we renewed our passion for operational planning and execution, while we worked to make accountability paramount throughout our organization. This shift in focus contributed to our ability to meet market expectations for 2008. Operationally, we adhered to our 2008 plans and met our original gold sales, operating cost and capital targets. We were the only major gold producer to do so in 2008; a distinction we are proud of our people for achieving.
In Nevada, where we have been producing since 1964, our performance was relatively consistent with our operating plans for the year, despite challenging grades and a tight labor market. Our Nevada leadership team continues to optimize their production and processing plans to capitalize on one of the World’s richest, yet most complex mineral endowments.
In Peru, we continue to mine through the oxide resource base and access a greater proportion of the more complex sulfide and transition ore body. The successful completion and start-up of the new gold mill by our Yanacocha team has allowed us to process more metallurgically challenged ore-types successfully as we transition to the next chapter in Yanacocha’s quest to maintain sustainable production at competitive costs. For 2008, our Yanacocha opera- tion performed better than originally expected with higher than anticipated production at lower costs applicable to sales.
In Australia, our operations exceeded expectations for the year with higher gold sales at lower costs applicable to sales, despite a volatile foreign exchange market, as well as maturing deposits and labor shortages.
In Ghana, our newly reorganized team at Ahafo did exactly what they said they were going to do, delivering gold sales at costs applicable to sales in-line with, or better than, original expectations. In only its second full year of operation, this leadership team has rapidly acquired an in-depth understanding of this asset and hold themselves accountable for delivering on their plans on a daily basis.
 2
 
 “PASSIONATELY PURSUING EXCELLENCE”
 Successfully completing our 3 major development projects
while improving our overall capital efficiency
Bringing new projects on line was particularly challenging in 2008 with a tight labor market, cost inflation and a volatile foreign exchange rate environ- ment, all driving up costs. Notwithstanding these challenges, we successfully completed the Yanacocha gold mill in Peru and the 200 megawatt coal-fired power plant in Nevada, both on schedule and below budget, providing testa- ment to our commitment to delivering sustainable production at competitive operating costs. Looking to 2009, our focus remains firmly on the successful completion and start-up of the Boddington project in Western Australia. In 2008, the completion schedule for this project suffered from the tight labor market, as did the final capital cost estimate, as we battled a highly inflation- ary cost environment. Despite these challenges, we remain on schedule to
complete Boddington in mid-2009. When completed, Boddington will be a world-class gold mine and a cornerstone asset in Newmont’s global portfolio.
Building a sustainable and profitable asset portfolio through a strategic combination of exploration, project development and acquisition initiatives
In 2008, our exploration team significantly increased our non-reserve mineralization while nearly replacing the reserves we mined during the year. In addition, our recent purchase of the remaining 33.33% interest in Boddington enhanced the sustainability of our portfolio. When fully operational, Boddington will be Australia’s largest gold mine, providing near-term value and profitable production. Our successful closing of the Miramar Mining Corporation acquisition also provides us with future value and the opportunity for additional profitable production from the higher-grade and under-explored Hope Bay project in Nunavut, Canada. These two acquisitions, along with our inter- nal exploration and project development opportunities, should improve the long-term sustainability of our business.
While we continue to align our team around execution, planning and accountability, we also remain focused on demonstrating leadership in safety, stewardship of the environment and social responsibility, as highlighted by our inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index-World for the second year in a row. We also remain committed to consistently improving our existing and future relationships with the local communities near our operations. In 2008, we supported an unprecedented review of those relationships through our Community Relationships Review, with over- sight by an independent Advisory Panel comprised of representatives from certain Non-Governmental Organizations and other community-minded stakeholders. We believe that, over time, delivering results in these critical areas will provide us with the reputational capital required in today’s global marketplace to succeed in operating our existing mines, as well as in finding and building new mines.
Momentum established in 2008 will help us capitalize on opportunities and address challenges in 2009
While we have made considerable progress, there are still areas of opportunity to improve our business in 2009. To ensure continued progress, we must resist the urge to “do everything at once”. We will therefore focus our limited human and financial capital on the following four strategic priorities in 2009:
1. Retaining, developing and attracting the best available employees;
2. Continuing to deliver on our plans in a safe and environmentally and socially responsible manner; 3. Creating operating and business efficiencies; and
4. Investing strategically to improve the profitability and sustainability of our portfolio.
We are placing unequivocal emphasis on aligning our regional and functional teams around our global portfolio goals. Everything we have done over the last eighteen months has focused on raising awareness of the competing pressures and opportunities impacting our entire business.
 3

By spending $25 million to line a depleted open pit, the Company created the 6 million cubic meter San José Reservoir that will serve as
a year-round water source for the local agricultural community. The reservoir was inaugurated on April 28, 2008 by the Peruvian President, Alan García Perez.
Retaining, developing and attracting the best available employees
Our people are our most important resource. We are committed to building leaders at Newmont and have made significant investments in talent and career development initiatives, including our Newmont Leadership Pipeline, a model that supports the establishment of a high performance business environment — an environment where business results and employee development are clearly aligned. The current dislocation in the global commodity and financial markets also provides us with the opportunity to attract some truly outstanding new talent into our organization.
Continuing to deliver on our plans in a safe and environmentally and socially responsible manner
As we turn our attention to 2009, we remain committed to delivering on our plans and to “doing what we say we are going to do”. This is a cornerstone of our business and a daily requirement if we are to successfully deliver on our 2009 outlook of slightly higher gold sales, as well as lower operating and capital costs. However, we also realize that industry leading performance is not measured in financial returns alone.
First and foremost, we remain committed to the safety and development of our nearly 15,000 employees and 20,000 contractors. Despite all our efforts, we must always remain vigilant and never become complacent. A terrible prompt of the need for such vigilance came in October of 2008, and again in January of 2009, when we lost two valuable employees and dear friends, but more importantly, two families lost irreplaceable people who will be forever missed. While we are proud of a safety record that remains consistently among the best in the industry, the loss of Ron Keen and Karen Mitchell are constant reminders of the need to keep safety first in everything we do.
 4
Alan Blank, Executive Vice President, Legal and External Affairs
“As a relative newcomer to Newmont, I continue to be impressed by a grounded culture of ‘doing things the right way’ that sweeps across the Company. The seriousness with which Newmont employees regard our host communities and the desire to be viewed as partners of choice is inspiring. The San José Reser- voir, commissioned by Newmont in 2008, improves
the quality of life for over 4,000 individuals in the com- munities surrounding our Yanacocha operations by providing year-round access to water for their crops and livestock. This, in turn, has had a dramatic impact on the local communities and promotes a culture of mutual respect and collaboration.”
    
 “PASSIONATELY PURSUING EXCELLENCE”
We also remain steadfast in our commitment to sustainable partnerships with our host communities. Our relation- ships with local communities around the globe are complex and dynamic. We know that the relationships we build are fundamental to the success of our business. They require humility, mutual respect, a willingness to listen, and a commitment to each other’s future success. If we do what we say we’re going to do, everything is possible, if we don’t, nothing is possible.
Creating operating and business efficiencies
Over the last 18 months, we have placed tireless emphasis on improving our understanding of our operational plans and what our assets are truly capable of delivering. During that time, we simultaneously redefined our strat- egy, particularly after the significant market changes that occurred in September of 2008. With an underpinning of “what we can do” and “where we’re headed”, we must now focus on improving “how we do business” and provide sustainable increases in cash flow through a dedicated campaign to improve operating and business efficiencies. This campaign will be a multi-year effort with an orientation toward operational improvements and efficiencies at all levels of our business.
Investing strategically to improve the profitability and sustainability of our portfolio
We started 2009 with the acquisition of AngloGold Ashanti’s remaining interest in Boddington. At the same time, we raised over $1.7 billion in net proceeds through our common stock and convertible debt issues. These transactions were completed with the goals of improving the profitability and sustainability of our portfolio while enhancing our
 Guy Lansdown, Executive Vice President, Development
“With the challenges that we face across the globe, our approach is to operate large long-lived core assets in stable geographic regions. Our recent acquisition of the remaining interest in Boddington supports this strategic focus. Having anchor opera- tions such as Boddington in Australia, our Nevada
operations, and others in geo-politically stable locations provides the flexibility for Newmont to take intelligent risks in pursuit of additional growth opportunities around the world.”
The Boddington project
in Western Australia was approximately 89% com- plete at the end of 2008, with start-up expected in mid-2009. Upon comple- tion, Boddington will be Australia’s largest gold mine and a cornerstone asset in Newmont’s portfolio.
   
 “PASSIONATELY PURSUING EXCELLENCE”
financial strength and flexibility. With the completion of these transactions, we remain firmly committed to increasing shareholder value through the return-focused stewardship of our available capital base as we prioritize our invest- ment opportunities around near-mine exploration and the potential development of Akyem in Ghana, Hope Bay in Canada, and Conga in Peru.
Delivering on our operational expectations in 2008 has created a more positive outlook for our employees and our business, as well as more external opportunities. We are building a “success” culture where our employees all expect that we will “do what we say we’re going to do” — from all of our employees through my management team and me. With success, we’re no longer looking backward to find out what went wrong. We’re solidly focused on looking forward for opportunities, business improvements and innovative ideas.
As I reflect on my time as CEO, there is no doubt in my mind that a new day has dawned at Newmont. But, we’re now ready — and able — to move on to the next day. Our future will be built upon an orientation towards generat- ing real value from our business with clear, precise and unequivocal focus on our combined, global portfolio — One Newmont. With a constant eye on this portfolio, and with an emphasis on driving business excellence throughout our entire organization, we will become “globally aligned and regionally owned and operated”. We will utilize our best practices and knowledge everywhere we do business. At the same time, we will recognize that each community where we operate is different; it is our national employees in those communities who will hold the primary responsibility and resources to ensure we are providing true, sustainable value to those communities.
 Brian Hill, Executive Vice President, Operations
“A true benefit of a company like Newmont is that
not only does it provide a portfolio of global projects and operations, but also the collective experience and expertise of our employees. The commissioning of the Yanacocha gold mill provides an example of how the Company can leverage this portfolio of global resources to provide true economic benefits. During
spring 2008, Newmont professionals from around the globe were able to congregate in Peru and collectively apply their expertise and abilities toward the success- ful transition of this project from construction comple- tion through commercial production. This transition was accomplished during a five-day period thanks to the learning culture within the Newmont portfolio.”
  Completed at a final capital cost of approximately $230 million, the Yanacocha gold mill represents the next phase of the transition at the world-class Yanacocha mine as the operation be- gins milling more complex ores within the region.
 
 The Hope Bay project was acquired in early 2008 as an underexplored and highly- prospective greenstone
belt in Nunavut, Canada. After spending roughly $80 million on infrastructure improvements in 2008, the Company began its aggres- sive exploration campaign in January 2009, the earliest start to the exploration drill- ing season ever achieved at Hope Bay.
We have the direction right, the balance sheet strength, an empowered and aligned employee team and we’re operat- ing in a positive environment for gold. We’re ready to capitalize on the opportunities of the future.
The significance of our achievements will be understood in the context of the unprecedented global economic crisis. Limited access to capital and volatile commodity prices contribute to a turbulent environment within which we must operate. I am enormously proud of our organization’s ability to focus and execute on our plans under these circumstances.
Newmont is a company with a very proud 87 year history. Over the last 18 months, we have begun to transform the Company into one that is truly an industry leader, with solid planning and execution capabilities and strong financial resources, leading to improving returns for our shareholders. In short, we intend to continue our passionate pursuit of excellence.
In closing, I want to thank our Board for their strategic counsel, active support and ongoing dedication to strong corporate governance, and welcome Simon Thompson as our newest Board member. We look forward to Simon’s counsel based on his vast experience in the global mining industry.
I would also like to thank our shareholders for supporting us in our efforts throughout 2008, as well as our host com- munities, governments, contractors and suppliers, as we work together to create sustainable value and opportunity for all of our stakeholders.
Finally, I would like to extend a special thanks to the many teams across our organization whose hard work, skill and dedication have contributed significantly to the reestablishment of our credibility and enabled us to be well- positioned for success now and for the future.
Sincerely,
Richard T. O’Brien
President and Chief Executive Officer
  7
 