 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  our goal
is to grow reserves and we are working hard to achieve that objective by investing in the best people and technology in the industry.
Leadership requires an unwavering commitment from all of us at Newmont to do what it takes to make our Company great. It is a never-ending process that requires each of us to question the status quo and search for solutions that become best practices in our industry.
RESULTS
Leadership comes with a constant need to deliver results and create value. 2004 was another record year with revenues reaching $4.5 billion, an increase of 43% over 2003. Net cash provided by operating activities also set a new record at $1.6 billion. Net income was an industry-leading $443.3 million or $1.00 per share. Margin based on total production costs increased to $117 per ounce, up 17% for the year and 86% from two years ago. Annual divi- dends paid to common shareholders increased from $0.17 per share to $0.30 per share. Our balance sheet continues to strengthen with $2.1 billion in cash and marketable securities at year-end 2004, compared with $1.6 billion
at year-end 2003.
Our business creates wealth through the exploration, development and mining of mineral resources worldwide, specifically gold and copper-gold deposits. We added 12.4 million ounces to reserves in 2004. Over the past two years, we grew reserves by 3% per year. These results are good, but not good enough. Our goal is to grow reserves and we are working hard to achieve that objective by investing in the best people and technology in the industry.
As the world’s largest gold producer, Newmont accounted for approximately 9% of global mine supply with gold sales of approximately 7 million equity ounces in 2004. Yanacocha in Peru continued to deliver strong performance with record gold sales of 1.6 million equity ounces during the year. The Batu Hijau copper-gold mine in Indonesia sold a record 379 million equity pounds
   6 NEWMONT...EXCELLENCE WORLDWIDE

   Wayne W. Murdy, Chairman and CEO, visiting the Ahafo training facility in Ghana, receiving a gift from Trainee Love Dufie.
Looking on are Trainee George Badu-Yeboah, on the left, and Deputy Brong Ahafo Regional Minister Hon. Adeji Duffour.
of copper, a 10% increase over 2003. The copper price strengthened in 2004 and the Company realized an average $1.33 per pound, which helped Batu Hijau contribute substantially to Newmont’s revenues, earnings and cash provided by operating activities.
CREATING VALUE
At Newmont, everything we do is focused on creating value — for share- holders, employees, governments, partners and the communities where we operate. Newmont does more than extract resources. We invest in people and communities, generate income, create economic opportunity, build necessary infrastructure, and enhance health and educational access, all
of which, if managed appropriately, can be a foundation for sustainable development. As the world’s number one gold producer, we recognize that with industry leadership comes certain responsibilities.
Newmont is proud of the investments it makes around the world, and we are committed to excellence in safety and environmental practices. However, Newmont also recognizes that its activities create change and that change, no matter how well managed, can be difficult. In 2004, Newmont faced social and environmental allegations at Yanacocha in Peru and Minahasa in Indonesia. In Indonesia, as the Minahasa mine was preparing for closure, Newmont was accused of environmental mismanagement. In response to
   2004 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 7

 these accusations, Newmont welcomed the World Health Organisation and the Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation to independently assess these allegations. Both of these independent organi- zations concluded that Minahasa did not cause harm to the environment or human health. In Peru, a group of local citizens temporarily blocked the road between the city of Cajamarca and the Yanacocha mine site. Upon reflection, it was clear that we failed to appreciate the level of social stress generated by Yanacocha’s rapid development and the profound concern expressed by some of the citizens living near Yanacocha’s Cerro Quilish deposit. To address these concerns, Yanacocha relinquished its exploration permit at Cerro Quilish as an expression of goodwill. Yanacocha, in consultation with its various stakeholders, continues to establish dialogue mechanisms so that concerns can be fully addressed in a transparent and participative manner.
These challenges serve to remind us that Newmont must continue to
apply best practices in every aspect of its operations and continuously audit, measure and assess its performance. We are not perfect, but we demand leadership in safety, stewardship of the environment and social responsibility. This is why Newmont has taken a leading role in the International Council on Mining and Metals, which is dedicated to the principles of sustainable development. Newmont also participated in the founding of the World Economic Forum’s Partnering Against Corruption Initiative announced earlier this year, which is a private-sector effort established to fight bribery and corruption, and increase sound and transparent government regulation. In addition, in 2004, Newmont joined the U.N. Global Compact.
THE CHALLENGES AHEAD
Leadership is also about being able to confront the challenges facing your business. Although Newmont remained the world’s largest gold producer
in 2004, the Company’s gold production decreased from 2003 and is expected to decline again slightly in 2005 before recovering in 2007. The temporary drop
      8 NEWMONT...EXCELLENCE WORLDWIDE

 in our production profile is the result of non-core asset sales and lower ore grades from our mature operating regions. We are working hard to reverse this trend, including developing new mines in both Nevada and Ghana.
Energy represents about 25% of the costs of producing an ounce of gold. Over the past two years, we have seen petroleum prices more than double, and given the ongoing supply shortages and current geopolitical situation, we believe that fuel prices are unlikely to fall any time soon.
To mitigate the impact of rising oil prices, Newmont purchased an approximate 6.6% interest in the Canadian Oil Sands Trust at a very attractive valuation. With approximately 40 years of oil reserves, the income from the Trust should provide a natural hedge against higher oil prices.
In Nevada, the price of electricity has risen considerably, significantly impacting costs. We are currently obtaining permits for the construction and operation of a 203-megawatt coal-fired power plant that applies state-of-the-art emission control equipment and is expected to save our Nevada operations up to $20 in total cash costs per ounce.
Our relentless focus on cost control and the fact that over two-thirds of
our costs are denominated in US dollars give Newmont another competitive advantage. Two years ago, our cost structure positioned the Company in the 60th percentile on the industry cash cost curve. For 2004, our total cash
leadership is also about setting the right goals and putting the right people in place
to achieve those goals.
       2004 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 9

 costs of $231 per ounce placed us below the 40th percentile in the industry, reflecting our increased competitiveness.
INDUSTRY CASH COSTS ($ PER OUNCE)
                                                                     (1)
                                                                                                                                                                             SOURCE: GFMS
(1)Projected and actual total cash costs as of February 2005.
THE FUTURE
    if we want to maintain our leadership position, we must continue to attract, develop, motivate and reward the best people.
Leadership is also about setting the right goals and putting the right people in place to achieve those goals. The status quo is not acceptable. We must continue to grow profitable production in order to deliver the performance and benefits our stakeholders expect.
We are confident in our future, but if we want to maintain our leadership position, we must continue to attract, develop, motivate and reward the best people. Over the next three years, we are building new mines in Nevada and Ghana that will have a combined output of over 1.7 million equity ounces
of gold per year. Capital costs for these projects are expected to be in the $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion range. The challenges of building and operating mines in West Africa, South America, Asia, Australia and North America are significant, but the opportunities are tremendous. Therefore, in order to con- tinue to succeed and grow, we must continue to increase our capabilities. We introduced a successful global cross-training program to develop the technical skills of local employees and share best practices across the organization, and we also augmented our college recruiting and internship programs.
  10 NEWMONT...EXCELLENCE WORLDWIDE

   Pierre Lassonde, President,
on the far right, visits an exploration project in Suriname.
From left to right are employees Daven Mashburn, Russell Evans, Stephen Enders and Chris Anderson.
RECOGNITION
Finally, leadership is about being able to give credit where credit is due.
To our fellow employees, we would like to recognize and thank you for your unwavering support, dedication and commitment to building a great Company. Your commitment to excellence led to the receipt of several note- worthy awards and distinctions during 2004, including the Gold Company of the Year awarded by the Australian Gold Council.
To our suppliers worldwide, we value your dedication. To our investors, who believe that gold is the ultimate reserve currency and believe in our Company’s ability to “Create Value With Every Ounce,” we appreciate your continuing support. Finally, we thank our directors who have, over the years, provided sound guidance on, and leadership in, corporate governance.
Sincerely,
Wayne W. Murdy Pierre Lassonde Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President
March 15, 2005
      2004 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 11
