 Dear Shareholders,
2014 was a transformational year for Newmont. We made significant changes to create a more focused and profitable business—and substantial progress toward our goal to lead the gold sector in creating value for shareholders.
We improved our costs and earnings to emerge as a financially stronger business,
with cash from continuing operations of $1.5 billion and free cash flow of $341 million. We also heightened discipline and accountability to establish Newmont as a superior operator with a more valuable and viable growth pipeline. Finally, we trimmed non-core assets from our portfolio and non-core work from our organization to create a more resilient business, better able to withstand volatility and take advantage of opportunities. This performance was the result of more than 13,700 Newmont employees working to deliver on our commitments:
- To make our operations among the safest and most efficient in the world, and reduce our all-in sustaining costs by more than $100 per ounce to about $1,000 per ounce
- To produce 4.85 million attributable ounces of gold, while generating nearly $800 million in proceeds by selling assets that no longer fit our portfolio
- To reconfigure our projects and exploration pipeline to focus on value over volume, and to invest in profitable growth in Nevada and Suriname
- To return $114 million in dividends to shareholders
- To strengthen our balance sheet by increasing our cash on hand by 54 percent to $2.4 billion, prepaying $100 million of term debt and clearing major debt payments until 2017
 In short, we did what we said we would do, and restored Newmont to a position of strength. We will continue to execute our strategy, which is to improve our underlying business, strengthen our portfolio, and develop the people, systems and capabilities we need to become the world’s leading gold business.
1
 
  The engine for these savings is a disciplined approach to business improvement coupled with upgraded technical fundamentals including reconciliation, resource modeling,
mine planning and processing. Over the course of the year, we turned our performance around by:
 Improving the underlying business
We take pride in having reduced our injury rates to historic lows in 2014. By that measure—0.39 injuries per 200,000 hours worked—Newmont is among the safest mining companies in the world. But we carry with us the heavy loss of two colleagues, Simon Donkor and George Ayamah, who died working at Newmont operations in Ghana last year. We have more work to reach our goal of zero harm, and our strong focus on leadership, behaviors and risk management will continue.
Our teams dramatically improved costs and efficiency in 2014. We lowered all-in sustaining costs substantially, and reduced our costs applicable to sales for the first time since 2009, and by nine percent compared to 2013. We also produced
4.85 million attributable ounces of gold—in line with guidance and nearly offsetting the impacts of divestments—and 86,500 attributable tonnes of copper.
- Improving throughput and recoveries at our mills in Nevada
- Delivering a step-change in performance at Tanami in Australia
- Realigning mining and milling rates at Ahafo and delivering solid first-year performance at Akyem in Ghana
- Integrating our approach to developing the next generation of sulfide and oxide deposits in Peru
- Streamlining overhead costs around the world
Although Indonesia export issues proved challenging for much of the year and ultimately forced a temporary shut-down at Batu Hijau, both the ramp-down and start-up were executed safely and efficiently, and the operation is now producing at full capacity.
Strengthening the portfolio
A stronger underlying business creates more options, and we strive to maintain a healthy balance between investing in profitable growth, reducing debt and returning cash to shareholders.
We reached full depth at our Turf Vent Shaft in Nevada in 2014 and are on budget and schedule to be fully operational by the end of 2015. This project will add 100,000
to 150,000 ounces of gold production annually while improving costs and efficiency. When complete, it will also create a deep exploration platform to support further growth. In New Zealand, we extended the life of our Waihi operation through our new Correnso mine.
2

   No matter the cycle, we will continue to focus on controlling what we can control.
We have plans in place to secure further cost and efficiency improvements as we work to more than offset the impacts of inflation—and to deliver stable gold production, about two-thirds of which will come from our mines in Australia, New Zealand and the United States.
In August, we began construction of the Merian project in Suriname. Merian will add low cost production and a prospective new gold district to the portfolio. In November, we welcomed the Government of Suriname’s decision to participate in a fully-funded 25 percent equity ownership stake. Merian is expected to produce an average of 300,000 to 400,000 ounces of gold annually at competitive costs over a mine life of 11 years.
Exploration remains a core competency for Newmont. In 2014, we focused on creating value near existing operations while maintaining optionality to discover the next new district. While we exceeded our Reserves and Resources addition plans for the year, our overall base decreased, primarily due to divestments and depletion.
Part of building a stronger portfolio also meant divesting assets that no longer fit our strategy. We have generated proceeds of nearly $1.4 billion since 2012, and in 2014, closed sales of Midas, Jundee, La Herradura and Paladin.
Enabling the strategy
The third part of our strategy is to develop the people and capabilities that drive competitive advantage. We announced plans to recombine our Australia, New Zealand and Indonesia operations into a single region in 2015 and built a stronger cadre of operational leaders across the business. Careful management of reductions in force also helped us streamline overhead costs while improving female and national representation in our leadership ranks.
We believe that our ability to form effective relationships and partnerships with our host communities and governments is fundamental to our success. We continued to build stronger systems to support stakeholder engagement and sustainable development, and we refreshed and streamlined our code of conduct and key business policies to help our people clearly understand and uphold our values and standards. I personally met with hundreds of investors and analysts, as well as employees and community and government leaders from around the world in 2014 to better understand their views and priorities.
Outlook
We expect gold price to remain stable in the short term and then steadily rise on improving supply and demand fundamentals. Aging mines, declining grades and fewer discoveries will constrain supply, as a growing middle class in India and China drives demand growth.
3

 We expect to increase attributable gold production from between 4.6 and 4.9 million ounces in 2015 to between 4.7 and 5.1 million ounces by 2017. Increased production in Suriname and Nevada—and ongoing performance improvements in Australia—should more than offset declining production in Peru. We will also reach peak attributable copper production of between 130,000 and 160,000 tonnes in 2015 as we mine higher ore grades in Indonesia.
Strong operational performance is expected to generate positive free cash flow over the next three years, and we have earmarked some of these funds to build the next generation of Newmont mines. We have streamlined our approach to developing Long Canyon to lower capital, generate stronger returns and reduce the payback period while establishing a new mining district in Nevada. We also plan to grow profitable production in Australia by expanding Tanami; and in Ghana through an expansion of our Ahafo Mill. Taken together, these projects would lower our position on the cost curve and represent production of between 250,000 and 350,000 ounces of gold beginning in 2017.
Of forecasted 2015 production, 70 percent was discovered or grown by Newmont geologists and we continue to see exploration as a competitive advantage. We will continue to progress our best opportunities, including high grade finds in Nevada, Australia, Ghana and Peru, all of which are at or near existing operations. These prospects are expected to add higher grade material to our inventory in 2015.
 Our work to improve our underlying business and deliver profitable growth is underpinned by the increasing strength of our investment grade balance sheet. Equally critical is our work to earn the ongoing trust of our stakeholders through sound social, economic and environmental performance. Most important of all is the talent and drive of our people. Their aim is not just to make Newmont better – it is to make Newmont the best.
It is a privilege to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of this remarkable organization. We delivered on our commitments in 2014 and will continue to improve our performance in 2015. Thank you for investing in Newmont, and for your continued interest and support.
Sincerely,
Gary J. Goldberg
President and Chief Executive Officer
 4
