To Our Shareholders: Once again, it is my pleasure to report to you that last year was another successful year for our company. This performance is especially rewarding given the extremely challenging economic environment we faced throughout 2008. The petroleum additives segment had another excellent year. Its operating profit was better than 2007 by effectively performing in two significantly different business environments during 2008. In the first three quarters, our plants operated at very high rates and raw material prices skyrocketed. Crude oil prices escalated from $70 to $140 per barrel and the commodity chemicals market was challenged by tightness of supply and rapidly escalating prices, which directly affected the cost of the materials we purchased. Our team worked effectively to meet the demands by maintaining uninterrupted supply to our customers and working with our customers to secure several price increases to recover the impact of multiple cost increases. Beginning in November, we experienced a dramatic decline in demand for our products. We believe that the sharp drop in crude oil pricing during the quarter and the impact of a slowing economy caused many of our customers to destock. Effectively, this destocking caused them to use their existing higher priced inventory in anticipation of future price declines. Once again, our team acted quickly to manage this business environment. We took steps to control spending, deferred capital projects, and adjusted our working capital levels through targeted inventory reductions. We believe we have taken appropriate actions needed at this time. We are fortunate to operate in a market where the products we manufacture are not discretionary as modern machinery requires the products our industry produces to function properly. We are confident that our company will perform well in the ultimate business environment that will exist after the destocking ends. Our project to build an office building for MeadWestvaco Corporation continued on schedule and within budget during the year. We remain excited about this project and the value it will bring to our shareholders, to MeadWestvaco, and to the community. We remain focused on using our cash flow to generate shareholder value. During 2008, we completed one small acquisition, repurchased $27 million of our stock, and paid quarterly dividends totaling 80 cents per share for the year. Acquisitions remain an area of high interest with our primary focus in the petroleum additives industry. We continue to be patient and intend to make the right acquisition for our company when the opportunity arises. Meanwhile, we believe we have many internal opportunities for growth in our core business, from both geographical and product line extensions. We enter 2009 with the realities of an uncertain economic environment. We are certain, however, that our team will manage whatever conditions we face in order to continue to deliver the goods and services that our customers have come to expect of us. This confidence is supported by the dedication and work-ethic of the employees of NewMarket. To them I say "Thank You" for another successful year as we look forward to many more to come. Sincerely, Thomas E. Gottwald President and CEO

