To Our Shareholders: It is my pleasure to report on the many successes the Company achieved in 2010. It was a year of superlatives, with many aspects of our business setting records while continuing to lay the groundwork for future achievements. We posted our lowest safety incidence rate this year, which is an outstanding and important accomplishment. Safety is one of our core values, and we put the highest priority on creating an environment where our employees can work safely during the day and return safely to their families when their work is done. A safe work environment allows our plants to run at high rates and is often an indicator of the overall attention to detail in an organization. All of our employees are part of this success, for without each and everyone paying attention to safety details, we could not have posted this record performance. From an earnings point of view, 2010 was an outstanding year. We posted record profits on top of the previous record set in 2009. This improvement in earnings was widespread across our products and regions. We are confident that our strategy of putting our customers first and delivering the goods and services they need to succeed in their marketplace is one that will pay us back for many years to come. We introduced many new products during the year to meet the ever-changing demands of our marketplace. One of the many measures we track is the revenue that is generated from products introduced in the last five years. We are currently at 55% which is an impressive statistic, regardless of the industry being discussed. We are a technology-driven company with over 20% of all employees involved in research, and we continued to invest in R&D facilities and people during the year. We expanded our lab in Richmond, refurbished and expanded our lab in the United Kingdom, and grew in our recently opened facilities in Japan and China. Our commitment to R&D is integral to our success and we will continue to invest in order to grow our business. Our supply chain capabilities were greatly expanded with the startup and operation of our new facility in Singapore. This new plant has improved the security of supply and provides shorter lead-times with first intent products using cutting edge technology. This has greatly improved the service we are able to offer our customers in the Asia Pacific region. We remain committed to this very important market with one purpose in mind, to help our customers run a profitable business. Another significant accomplishment in 2010 was the acquisition of the Polartech metalworking additives business. With this acquisition, we strengthened our industrial product portfolio with premier metalworking fluid additive technology. This also represented a significant step forward in our plans to expand our technology and expertise in the industrial market. This acquisition has given us a greater presence in targeted international markets ­ including India and China ­ where we see opportunities for growth. The acquisition added approximately 130 full-time employees to our rolls. Our long-term plan to develop some of our property on the Richmond riverfront took a significant step forward with the completion of our Foundry Park project. The project to provide the world headquarters for MeadWestvaco moved into its operational stage during 2010, with the tenant taking full possession of the building and rent streams flowing to the corporation. We are very pleased with the overall performance of the project and look forward to a long-term relationship with MeadWestvaco and their contribution to the Richmond community. We had several notable achievements during the year in the financial area, in addition to record earnings. Based on our business strength and accomplishments, we obtained a new $300 million revolving line of credit from a group of banks. This unsecured facility replaced a $150 million secured facility, which indicates the confidence our lenders have in our company. We also increased our quarterly dividend to $.44 per quarter, which is the 3rd increase in 3 years. And we repurchased $125 million of our common stock during the year. What a year to report to you, our shareholders! As we enter 2011, we expect another year of growth and achievements. That expectation is based on a solid strategy of delivering the goods and services our customers need to succeed in their plans. All of this is made possible by the entire team of employees at NewMarket. Our 1,600 employees continue to demonstrate their ingenuity, enthusiasm and passion to excel in every aspect of our business. My thanks go out to them for their contribution and dedication. Sincerely, Thomas E. Gottwald President and CEO

