TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS We are very pleased to tell you that the year 2002 was a very successful one for our Corporation. We accomplished our goal of providing our customers with top quality products and services while improving our profits and reducing debt. Following the transition year of 2001 when we restructured our engine oil business, we have achieved the full benefits of those actions in engine oils and have grown the specialty chemical components of our business. These accomplishments were even more satisfying because we achieved these targets while compiling the best safety record in our history.

Earnings from continuing operations, excluding nonrecurring items for the year 2002, were $12 million or 72 cents per share. This was a significant improvement over earnings on the same basis for 2001 of $7.5 million or 45 cents per share. Our improved earnings results include a significant improvement in Petroleum Additives operating profit. This segment's profit from continuing operations improved 60 percent over 2001 and was the best earnings year for Petroleum Additives since 1999. Petroleum Additives profits for 2002 improved in all of our major product lines compared to 2001. While TEL earnings were lower in 2002 as expected, this segment continues to provide strong cash flows.

The improvement in Petroleum Additives earnings reflects our success in focusing our efforts to help our customers grow their businesses and reduce their operating costs through solutions provided by our products and services. Our leadership position in customer service and logistics enhance our value to our customer, further differentiating us in select markets. The close partnership of our customers with our technical, marketing and sales personnel is a critical element in our continued success. And our ongoing quality improvement efforts help us continue to enhance the cost effectiveness of our products and services.

Our earnings also improved due to lower interest expense as we continue to make excellent progress on debt reduction. During 2002, we reduced debt by $45.9 million. Our improved earnings and strong cash flow enabled us to meet all of the debt reduction requirements necessary to extend our current loan facility to March 31, 2004.

After operating many years with a relatively short-term bank debt structure, we have decided that it is time to enter into a long-term debt structure for the Company. This structure

will provide us with the financial base and flexibility we need to accomplish our goals. We have recently announced that we are preparing to enter the debt markets to secure this new long-term debt structure. The proposal includes a private offering of $150 million in Senior Notes due 2010 and a $115 million bank term loan facility due 2008. It will also include a $50 million revolving credit facility, which will be primarily used for working capital purposes. The proceeds from the private offering and the term loan will be used to repay existing indebtedness.

The actions we have taken to enhance our operations and improve profits are part of our continuing pursuit of operational excellence and commitment to Responsible Care and safety. Our safety record is a tribute to our employees' dedication to operational excellence and the high regard we have for the communities and environments in which we operate. Our recordable injury rate - a common measure of safety performance - of 0.76 during 2002 was our best performance ever. We are extremely proud of our accomplishments in the safety area, especially when compared to industry average recordable rates, which are in excess of 2.0 for the chemical industry and in excess of 5 for general industry. We use this same commitment to operational excellence and attention to all we do, from quality improvement and customer service to product development.

We completed the sale of our phenolic antioxidant business in January of 2003. The decision to sell this business followed an extensive strategic assessment of our businesses and assets. This business was not a future strategic focus. We used the proceeds from this transaction to further reduce debt. We will continue our efforts to reduce debt and strengthen our balance sheet.

While the global economic and political outlooks remain uncertain, the outlook for our Petroleum Additives business remains strong. Our efforts to grow Petroleum Additives profits to offset the decline in TEL continue to be successful. This success is truly a team effort. We are proud of our strong and vibrant team. I thank our employees for their dedication and continued support of all of our efforts. I thank our customers for allowing us the opportunity to provide the goods and services integral to their business growth. And I also express my appreciation to our shareholders for your continued support. Sincerely,

Teddy Gottwald President and CEO

