TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

The year 2001 was a challenging year for our company. In the first quarter of 2001, we began the implementation of a new business plan in our petroleum additives business. With the engine oil additive business in a prolonged state of weakness in which we could no longer earn adequate returns, we repositioned ourselves in this market with greater focus on profitability instead of maintaining our historical market share. We reduced our cost structure by consolidating the bulk of our engine oil production and research efforts into a few worldclass facilities, idling certain facilities and reducing our workforce. Increased asset utilization, coupled with reduced cost, has improved our results in this business as we continue to supply engine oil customers with top quality products. We now have a cost structure in petroleum additives that will allow us to compete for the long run, and we enter the year 2002 better positioned for profitable growth. We continue to make steady progress in specialty lubricant additive areas for products such as automatic transmission fluids, hydraulic fluids and gear oils. MMT continues to gain acceptance around the world as the most cost effective octane booster in unleaded and lead replacement gasoline. Our tetraethyl lead earnings are on target as our marketing agreements maximize earnings and cash flow in this declining market. To more fully leverage our technology and our product portfolio, we have strengthened our product marketing teams and our regional management teams, and we continue to focus on helping our customers grow their business and reduce their total cost. We are pleased with our progress to date. Our product supply group continues to perform exceptionally well. Our manufacturing plant teams are breaking production records after the reconfiguration, are reaching new levels of statistical process and quality control, and are continuing to drive out cost. Our continued investment in research is more focused and productive, and this is vital to meeting the future requirements of our markets and allowing us to maintain the leading edge technology that is paramount to our customers' success. The world's transportation systems are becoming more complex every day, and the desire for lower emissions, higher fuel economy and better drivability continues to press industry for better and more efficient fuel and lubricant technology. Ethyl Corporation, the people we employ, and the products and services we provide are vital to those systems and we, in turn, are a vital contributor to today's global economy. We are part of the system that makes fuels burn cleaner and more efficiently in automobiles, diesel trucks, and in power plants. We are a part of the system that makes machines run smoother, whether it's the latest high-end automotive transmission or the gearbox in your sport utility vehicle. We have patented technology that plays a significant role in increasing the fuel economy of the world's vehicles. Ethyl Corporation is the additive company with the greatest knowledge and widest understanding of fuel combustion and vehicle emissions technology. Our technical, chemical, and regulatory expertise will help generate new growth for Ethyl.
1

It takes hard work and dedication to find opportunities and generate success. The employees of Ethyl understand this, and there has never been a better time in which every individual on the team can make such a large impact on our company. Our employees have been given the charge to understand and execute their role in contributing to the success of our company. They are delivering their energy, talent, dedication and excellent work ethic to create the best long-term company that Ethyl can be. We continue to benefit from strong cash flows from operations. Together with cash flow generated from our pension surplus and from other initiatives, this enabled us to reduce debt $107 million in 2001. Debt reduction remains a top priority. By meeting our goals and extending our current bank loan to March 2004, we will return our debt ratio to a more traditional level within this time period. The company and its employees have withstood the pressures of tough markets, and we have taken the steps necessary to reenergize growth. To those of you who have invested so much in our success--our customers, our employees, and our shareholders--thank you. I thank our customers for giving us the opportunity to provide the goods and services integral to their business. I thank our employees for their energy, dedication, excellent work ethic and customer support that are essential to our long-term success. And I thank our shareholders for your continued support. Thomas E. Gottwald President and CEO

Please read the notice and proxy statement carefully, complete the proxy form and mail it promptly. 2

