To Our Shareholders:
Once again, it is my pleasure to report on another outstanding year for our company. It was a record-setting year
virtually across the board, which reaffirms the success of our customer-focused approach to our market.
During the year, we established records for both net sales and net income with the improvements coming from all
regions and all major product offerings. We accomplished this while maintaining our outstanding safety
performance, which remains among the best in the chemical industry. The safety of our employees and the
communities in which we operate remain core values to our company, and we are proud of the safety record each
and every employee of the company helps to achieve.
We also expanded our business in the fastest growing market, the Asia-Pacific region. During the year we
invested in people, opened new R&D facilities, and increased our manufacturing and distribution capabilities.
We are already realizing the measurable benefit of this increased focus. Our goal is straightforward – deliver first
intent products and solutions to the region with the same dependability and service that our customers have come
to expect from us elsewhere in the world.
Our business continues to generate sufficient cash to not only support our internal growth needs, but also to
return some of that cash to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. During the year, we
announced two dividend increases, resulting in a rate 70% higher than that of January 2011. We also repurchased
659,373 shares of common stock at an average price of $143.71 per share. We have managed our balance sheet
in a conservative fashion. We continue to operate with very low debt leverage, which gives us significant
flexibility to take advantage of opportunities as they become available.
The records we set in 2011 are especially noteworthy when viewed as the continuation of the outstanding
performance we have achieved during the last five years. We have grown net income by an average of 31% per
year over the past five years by focusing on customers’ needs and by being the best at meeting those needs. We
have repurchased 4.1 million shares of common stock over the last five years, which represents a 23% reduction
in common shares outstanding. We have also grown from 1,200 employees to over 1,600 employees in the last
five years. This expansion of our workforce positions us for future growth and allows us to continue to meet the
needs of our customers around the globe. We have increased our spending in R&D by 37% over the past 5 years
to ensure that we are able to provide our customers with the constantly changing products and services they need
to succeed. Today, nearly one in four NewMarket employees is in R&D, working in four countries. We’ve
expanded our production capacity globally to serve the changing demographics of our customer base. We have
achieved this growth in earnings, manpower, facilities, and shareholder dividend payments, as well as retired
$329.6 million of common stock while maintaining debt to less than one times EBITDA at the end of 2011. 2011
is truly the continuation of a remarkable past five years. We are extremely pleased with this performance.
We are also excited to be celebrating 125 years as a corporation during 2012. That record dates back to our
beginnings as Albemarle Paper Company and continues to NewMarket Corporation today. We know that an
unwavering focus on our core values has sustained us during the many ups and downs that we have experienced
over the years. We will be celebrating this milestone during the year across the globe.
The outlook for our business remains bright. We will continue to deliver on our strategy to exceed our
customers’ expectations by delivering the goods and services they need to execute their business plans. The
successful implementation of this strategy is made possible by the employees of the company as they continue to
demonstrate their ingenuity, enthusiasm, and passion to excel in every aspect of our business. My thanks go out
to them for their contribution and dedication. It is through the strength of our employees that we face the next
125 years with confidence!
Sincerely,
Thomas E. Gottwald
President and CEO