To Our Shareholders: It is my pleasure to share with you my thoughts on the state of our company as we finish our 127th year. 2014 was another very successful year for the company, and I am proud to see the continued success as our team executes on our long range strategy. Our petroleum additives business posted its 10th consecutive year of record operating profits, and this translated into both strong earnings and improved market position for our business. As our business continues to expand geographically to meet our customers' needs, we continue to invest in production capability, R&D facilities and talented team members in support of our customers. We officially broke ground on our new Singapore manufacturing plant this past year, a facility that will strengthen our capabilities in the Asia Pacific region. We continued to expand our R&D facilities globally, and we increased our focus on improving the efficiency of all our operations. Our goal is to deliver first intent solutions to our customers in Asia, India, and other emerging markets through the same dependable service offerings that our customers have come to expect from us elsewhere in the world. We are committed to provide unparalleled offerings and service to our customers. We are investing to ensure we meet their expectations and delight them with our solutions. Our foundational operating principles have sustained this business for over a century and continue to be the core of how we operate today. Our deeply embedded and shared values serve as the guide for our team. We run our business with a long-term view focused on our core strategic imperatives. With "Passion for Solutions®," we get close to our customers to understand their needs, help them grow their business, and reduce their costs. With our customers, we design products to help engines run smoother and last longer, and to help fuels burn cleaner with reduced emissions and increased fuel economy. We use our technological expertise to produce solutions that enhance operational performance while providing end user and environmental benefit. Our safety culture continues to be a cornerstone of our operating philosophy. Our "Actively Caring" safety mindset is delivering results through positively influencing safety behavior throughout our global operations. We finished the year with our lowest injury rates in recent memory, and we will continue to strive toward our "vision of zero" injuries. 2014 was another strong year financially, and we finished the year with modest leverage while putting our strong cash flow to work. In addition to increased investment in our business for future growth, we increased the dividend by 27% to $1.40/quarter, and we repurchased over 660,000 shares of stock. Our priorities for the use of cash remain the same: 1) fund our internal growth needs, 2) pursue acquisitions in petroleum additives, and 3) return cash to our shareholders by paying a healthy dividend and, when appropriate, repurchasing stock. Over the long run, this approach has helped us meet our goal of providing a double-digit return for our shareholders. As we look forward to 2015, we will be staying the course with our strategy. We will continue to pursue growth through geographic and product line expansion, and we will increase our reinvestment in the business to meet our customers' growing needs and to assure future growth. We will build on our successful implementation of our "Actively Caring" safety initiatives, and we will continue to become more efficient in all our operations through targeted improvement activities. I would like to thank Bruce Gottwald for his many years of service and leadership as Chairman of our Company and for agreeing to continue to serve as a Director. During his 20 year tenure as Chairman, the earnings per share of the Company increased more than 400 percent. All in all, 2014 was another good year for our company, our customers, our employees and our shareholders. I am proud to be a member of this team, and I look forward to another good year in 2015. Sincerely, Thomas E. Gottwald Chairman and CEO

