To Our Shareholders: It is again my privilege to address you, our shareholders, on the condition of our company. I am proud to report that 2013 was another very successful year for the company, continuing the trend of the last several years. Our petroleum additives business posted its 10th consecutive improvement in operating profit -- quite a remarkable accomplishment. Many of my core messages this year are similar to those I have made in the past. That is mainly due to the fact that we continue to run our business over the years with the same strategy and intensity. We manage the business for the long-run and make our everyday decisions through that lens. We have often spoken of our approach to the market, which we call our "customer intimacy model." We are confident that model is right for us, as well as our customers, and plays a significant role in the success we have seen for the past several years. The insights we have gained through this model have guided our increasing investment in research and development, as we work to continue to earn the confidence and business our customers have entrusted in us. We work very hard to make safety a way of doing business here at NewMarket. We have a good safety record, but we are not satisfied with "good." We want "great." To that end, we started a program to positively influence safety behavior which we call "Actively Caring." This new behavior encourages each employee to look out for the safety and welfare of others with courage and compassion, with the goal of achieving an injury-free environment. We are extremely proud of our safety performance today and know we will be successful in making significant improvements going forward. During the year, Afton made a smooth and successful change in leadership as Rob Shama became the President of Afton. Rob has continued the tradition of providing the leadership to ensure that Afton remains an integral contributor to the success of our customers. During 2013, we sold the real estate assets of Foundry Park I, which, for now, has ended our active involvement in managing real estate for other companies. We were pleased with both the positive change this real estate development has made on the City of Richmond, as well as the results of the sale. As we have grown, we recognized the need to add manufacturing capacity to meet our customers' demands. To that end, during 2013 we continued with our planning to build a petroleum additives manufacturing facility in Singapore. The first phase of this effort will cost approximately $100 million and is scheduled to be operational at the end of 2015. This facility is tangible evidence of our commitment to this very important geographic portion of our business. It is our intention to continue to strengthen our capabilities to meet the unique needs of our customers in Asia, India and other emerging markets in this region. The combination of a talented work force in the region, facilities, and R&D capability is an unmistakable sign of our commitment to grow our successful participation in the region. During 2013, our balance sheet continued to strengthen. We ended the year with very low leverage and have virtually the entire capacity of $650 million available on our revolving line of credit. Our business is performing well, and our balance sheet is in an excellent position. Our significant cash flow has allowed us to continue to benefit our shareholders by: 1) funding the internal growth needs of Afton, 2) pursuing acquisitions in the petroleum additives market, and 3) returning cash to our shareholders by paying a healthy dividend and in the form of stock repurchases. In all, the year was a very busy and successful one for us. Once again, this could not have been accomplished without the hard work and dedication of each and every one of our 1,789 employees around the globe. Their hard work, dedication, and focus on delivering value to our customers are the keys to our continued success. Sincerely, Thomas E. Gottwald President and CEO

