                 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
NETFLIX 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
2006 was a noteworthy year for Netflix. We added a record number of new subscribers, invested in the development of our Internet delivery feature, and significantly exceeded our goals for earnings. And for the second consecutive year we were independently ranked number one in online retail customer satisfaction by Foresee Results.
We also faced the challenges of a renewed offensive from a determined online competitor as well as a rapidly changing array of alternatives for accessing video content online.
We take these challenges very seriously. But we believe our achievements in 2006, together with the outstanding growth potential of our market and the strength of our business model, leave us well positioned to reach our long-term objective of leading the online subscription movie rental business.
2006 RESULTS
In 2006, aggressive investment in growth enabled us to increase our subscriber base 51 percent, from 4.2 million to 6.3 million subscribers. We achieved 15.7 percent household penetration in the San Francisco Bay Area market, our first overnight market, and penetration in our newer markets continues to follow the Bay Area growth curve. Churn, a measure of subscriber turnover, was lower in each quarter of 2006 than it had been in the comparable quarter in 2005 and declined to a record- low 3.9 percent in the fourth quarter.
The scale efficiencies made possible by our large subscriber base allowed us to invest in growth and product enhancements at the same time that we exceeded our profit goals, with pretax profits up from $8.3 million in 2005 to $80.3 million in 2006 and GAAP net income increasing to $49.1 million or $0.71 per diluted share.
 
                 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
NETFLIX 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
ACHIEVING ONLINE MOVIE RENTAL LEADERSHIP
Throughout our history, the growth potential of online rental has attracted strong competitors. Most recently, we face a renewed challenge from a competitor with a compelling and aggressively marketed offering. The fact that the product offering may not be financially sustainable in its current form does not lessen its potential near-term impact on our subscriber growth rate.
At the same time, there is a growing array of services offering Internet delivery of movies, although none has effectively addressed the two major barriers to broad consumer adoption of online delivery—limited content availability and the technology to deliver that content to the TV.
In the face of these challenges, our strategy for achieving online movie rental leadership is to continue to aggressively grow our DVD subscription business and to transition these subscribers to Internet video delivery as part of their Netflix subscription offering. To begin that transition, in January 2007 we introduced our “instant viewing” feature that enables subscribers to watch movies on their PCs.
Our large and committed subscriber base is important both because it gives us an enormous head start in the transition to Internet delivery and because it creates a significant competitive advantage for us during this transition period. During the early years of Internet delivery when content is limited, the combination of our DVD by mail and Internet delivery service will offer a breadth of title selection unmatched by stand-alone Internet-only competitors.
Underlying our strategy is the understanding that the ultimate winners in Internet- based movie rental will be the companies that provide consumers the most engaging experience and an intuitive and personalized way to narrow the enormous number of entertainment choices—we offer more than 75,000 titles—to the titles each individual subscriber will love. And that’s what we do best.
 
                 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
NETFLIX 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
CONTINUING THE MOMENTUM IN 2007
In 2007 we will make the best online movie rental service even better by enhancing our Web site, extending the reach of our overnight delivery infrastructure, and applying new inventory management software. We will also invest at least $40 million in continued improvement of Internet delivery, with a focus on content availability and delivery to the TV.
We have set ambitious goals, but the commitment, skill, and vision of our employees have enabled Netflix to reach 6.3 million subscribers and $1 billion in revenues in the seven years since we invented online subscription DVD rental in 1999. With our intense focus on the current and emerging needs of our customers, we are building a great entertainment company of enduring value.
Sincerely,
Reed Hastings
Chief Executive Officer, President and Co-founder
   