Dear Fellow Shareholders
Netflix ended 2008 with 9.4 million subscribers, up 25 percent from a year earlier, and fully diluted earnings per share of $1.32, up 36 percent from the prior year. That’s solid performance, particularly in the challenging and uncertain economic environment we faced in the second half of 2008.
Two key factors contributed to our strong results in 2008 and will play a major role in our future:
• The continuing strength of our core DVD-by-mail offering, which enables us to deliver strong subscriber and earnings growth while investing in the future of our business.
• The growing traction of Internet streaming, which we believe contributed to faster subscriber growth, lower subscriber acquisition costs, and higher profit in the fourth quarter of 2008.
Continuing strength in our core business
Our results make it clear that consumers find our service compelling. We combine a superior value proposition with an outstanding customer experience, and we continuously improve our product offering through investments in our Web site, content, distribution, and customer care. The result is a powerful competitive advantage, reflected in our number-one ranking, for eight consecutive surveys, in Foresee Result’s independent survey of e-commerce customer satisfaction.
Our leadership in customer satisfaction helps drive subscriber growth. Our large subscriber base, in turn, gives us the advantage of scale, which enables us to deliver consistent earnings growth while investing in both DVD-by-mail and streaming, which we believe will be an important contributor to our growth in the future.
Growing momentum in streaming
As streaming began to gain traction, we expanded our investment in content, ending 2008 with more than 12,000 movie and TV choices, up eight-fold since we introduced instant watching two years ago. And we expanded the array of consumer electronics manufacturers including Netflix streaming capability in their devices. Consumers can now stream Netflix content to their TVs through Blu-ray players, stand alone set top boxes, TiVo DVRs, Xbox video game consoles, and soon, directly through Internet-connected TVs.
We believe our strong performance in the fourth quarter of 2008 partially reflected the emergence of instant watching as an increasingly compelling attraction to potential subscribers and a competitive differentiator for potential consumer electronics partners.
Looking ahead
In 2009, we will maintain our focus on improving our core service as well as gaining even greater traction with streaming. We expect DVD-by-mail to grow for many years, and anticipate increasing momentum in streaming as we continue to invest in content expansion and partner with consumer electronics manufacturers to offer Netflix streaming on a broad array of Internet-connected devices.
We remain focused on our long-term goals: To be a great Internet movie service by combining DVD-by-mail with Internet streaming; and to deliver growing EPS and subscribers every year. With a service our subscribers love and recommend, the skill, commitment and creativity of our employees, and the support of our investors, we believe we are well positioned to continue to make progress in a difficult economic environment.
Sincerely,
Reed Hastings
Chief Executive Officer, President and Co-founder
      