 NYSE: NI 1 A LETTER FROM NISOURCE╒S PRESIDENT & CEO
еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
 FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
I╒m pleased to report that 2012 was another year of consistent, disciplined execution across all facets of NiSource╒s well-established business strategy.
Anchored by a deep and growing inventory of infrastructure-focused capital investments, our strategy continues to produce value for our shareholders and tangible benefits for customers and other key stakeholders across our three core business units.
As you will see throughout this year╒s annual report, 2012 was a year in which our Team added to its established track record of delivering results:
е We successfully advanced a broad array of initiatives to strengthen our energy infrastructure, improve customer service and enhance environmental sustainability;
е We generated annual earnings per share in line with our guidance for the sixth consecutive year;
е We produced total shareholder returns that outperformed utility indices for the fourth consecutive year; and
е We increased our common stock dividend for the first time in more than a decade.
A number of key achievements fueled this performance, including strong execution of our industry-leading infrastructure modernization programs at our gas utilities, solid progress on significant environmental investments in our Indiana electric business, and the completion of a number of growth projects at our natural gas pipeline unit.
Our momentum from these achievements and others has continued to build in 2013. Of particular significance is the approval and initial implementation of a landmark infrastructure modernization program developed in 2012
еееееееееееееееееееееееее
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. President & CEO
еееееееееееееееееееееееее
 
 2 NISOURCE
BUILDING LONG-TERM SUSTAINABLE GROWTH
еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
 еееееееееееееееееееееееее
STOCK PRICE PERFORMANCE
еееееееееееееееееееееееее
by our largest gas pipeline, Columbia Gas Transmission. Another indication of our continuing progress is that NiSource╒s stock price reached a 10-year high in 2012, and continues to remain solid in early 2013.
DELIVERING ON AN ENHANCED INVESTMENT STRATEGY
As I noted above, the foundation of NiSource╒s success over the last several years has been our Team╒s demonstrated ability to execute on a broad and growing inventory of infrastructure-focused capital investment opportunities. In 2012, those capital investments reached nearly $1.6 billion.
Throughout this report, you╒ll see how we are continuing to enhance and expand that investment portfolio, leading to our record capital investment program of about
$1.8 billion in 2013.
And, our investment opportunities extend well into the future. We have identified an inventory of accretive infrastructure investments spanning the next two decades that total $25 billion to $30 billion.
Our Team is intently focused on executing on these opportunities in a thoughtful, disciplined and transparent fashion. As we do so, we expect to achieve:
е An annual capital investment run-rate targeting $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion;
е Sustained annual earnings growth of 5 to 7 percent; and
е An annual dividend growth rate of 3 to 5 percent.
 $200
$150
$100
$50
NiSource S&P 500 DJ Utilities
     NI
S&P 500
DJ Utilities
2012
173.60
108.56
96.93
2011
159.96
93.60
99.41
2010
113.07
91.67
85.43
2009
93.23
79.67
81.19
2008
61.41
63.01
72.16
2007
100.0
100.0
100.0
      2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012
Dollars of Investment

 NYSE: NI 3 AN ESTABLISHED TRACK RECORD OF EXECUTION
еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
  LANDMARK PIPELINE MODERNIZATION PROGRAM
Our natural gas transmission modernization settlement ╨ and its subsequent approval by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ╨ was a signature achievement for Executive Vice President and Group CEO Jimmy Staton and the Team at Columbia Pipeline Group (CPG) ╨ formerly NiSource Gas Transmission & Storage.
The settlement, the first of its kind in the interstate pipeline industry, establishes a clear path forward for enhancing the ongoing safety, reliability and flexibility of the Columbia Gas Transmission pipeline system. It provides an identified project stream under the modernization program, as well as a balanced and transparent recovery mechanism for our investments, which are ultimately expected to exceed $4 billion.
We believe this investment opportunity is a classic win- win for our customers, the company and our other key constituencies. Look for additional information about our modernization program elsewhere in this report.
SUPPLY- & MARKET-DRIVEN GROWTH
Our CPG Team also is hard at work developing and executing on a wide range of supply- and market-driven growth opportunities ╨ many of which are driven by our strategic asset position in the developing Utica and Marcellus Shale production areas.
By investing in new pipeline and compression facilities ╨ and in some cases modifying our existing facilities ╨ we╒re adding additional system capacity and flexibility to enable competitively priced shale supplies to reach existing and new markets. In fact, during 2012, we had more than $500 million of these projects either completed or in-progress.
еееееееееееееееееееееееее DOING THE RIGHT THING
NiSource╒s modernization programs are particularly important given the growing public focus on pipeline safety. Although our companies have strong and well-established safety records, several recent industry incidents ╨ including one involving our Columbia Gas of Massachusetts utility and one involving a Columbia Gas Transmission pipeline in West Virginia ╨ serve to underscore the critical importance of pipeline safety and validate NiSource╒s infrastructure modernization strategy.
From our day-to-day focus on regulatory compliance, to our long-term commitment to invest in and maintain system integrity, we are firmly committed to doing the right thing to ensure the safety and reliability of our facilities and systems.
 еееееееееееееееееееееееее
 
 4 NISOURCE
A GROUNDBREAKING PIPELINE MODERNIZATION PROGRAM
еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
  еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
LONG-TERM INFRASTRUCTURE ENHANCEMENTS
During 2012, Columbia Gas Transmission advanced a long-term plan to systematically enhance the safety, reliability and flexibility of its 12,000-mile system.
This landmark program includes an inventory of projects spanning up to
15 years and requiring an overall investment of more than $4 billion. Earlier this year, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved a customer settlement outlining the initial five years of the program ╨ encompassing $1.5 billion in investments. This is in addition to approximately
$100 million in annual ongoing maintenance investments.
In total, this groundbreaking program will:
е Replace about 1,000 miles of natural gas transmission pipeline
е Replace or modernize more than 50 critical compressor units
е Increase system reliability by uprating or looping systems to support critical markets
е Improve the company╒s ability to perform state-of-the-art maintenance and in-line inspections
е Spur job creation and economic development, including the direct creation of more than 7,000 modernization-related jobs
е Help assure the continued safe, reliable and efficient operation of the company╒s pipeline system for generations to come
In April 2012, U.S. Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood recognized NiSource╒s pipeline infrastructure modernization and replacement investment plans at an event in Pittsburgh, Pa.
  еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее

 NYSE: NI 5 SOLID OPERATIONAL & FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
 A prime example of the game-changing nature of emerging shale gas supplies are CPG╒s East Side Expansion and West Side Expansion projects, which together represent about $400 million in total investments providing about 800,000 dekatherms per day in new transportation capacity.
The East Side Expansion will reconfigure existing pipeline and compressor facilities to add about
300,000 dekatherms per day of capacity to serve Northeast and Mid-Atlantic markets. The West Side Expansion will reverse the flow of one leg of our Columbia Gulf system stretching from the Gulf Coast to Appalachia. This will enable shale gas supplies to reach growing Southeast markets and supports potential Gulf Coast liquefied natural gas (LNG) export opportunities.
MINERALS & MIDSTREAM OPPORTUNITIES
As a complement to our core pipeline growth and modernization strategy, we also are executing on a number of midstream pipeline and gas processing investments that leverage our production-area asset position.
One of these projects, the Big Pine Gathering System, leverages existing rights-of-way to provide new midstream transportation service to an underserved, hydrocarbon-rich area of the Marcellus Shale in western Pennsylvania. Anchored by a long-term agreement with XTO Energy Inc., the $160 million project commenced an initial phase of service in late 2012 and will eventually provide up to 425 million cubic feet per day of capacity, with interconnections to multiple interstate pipeline markets.
Another significant midstream project launched in 2012 involves Pennant Midstream LLC, a joint venture with affiliates of Hilcorp Energy Company to develop pipeline and processing facilities in the Utica Shale region of
 еееееееееееееееееееееееее
In 2013, NiSource Gas Transmission & Storage rebranded itself as the Columbia Pipeline Group. The change leverages the historic strength of our Columbia Gas Transmission and Columbia Gulf brands, and the tradition of service and reliability they represent.
 еееееееееееееееееееееееее
                              
 6 NISOURCE
MARKET- & SUPPLY-DRIVEN PROJECTS
еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
  northeast Ohio and western Pennsylvania. NiSource is responsible for about $150 million of the project╒s first investment phase, which will provide about 400 million cubic feet per day of additional gathering capacity and 200 million cubic feet per day in processing capacity. The project is expected to be in service in the second half of 2013, with future expansions anticipated as producer activity in the area develops.
Concurrent with our Pennant project, we entered into a separate joint arrangement with Hilcorp to develop the hydrocarbon potential on more than 100,000 combined acres in the Utica/Point Pleasant Shale formation. NiSource will invest alongside Hilcorp in the development of the acreage, owning both a working and overriding royalty interest. Notably, all of the Hilcorp/NiSource acreage is dedicated to the Pennant Midstream project.
Hilcorp completed several test wells in the combined acreage area during 2012, with encouraging early indications consistent with other active wells in the area. We anticipate additional drilling in the area during 2013, subject to continued scientific analysis and delineation of the northeast Utica Shale play.
As you can see, our CPG Team is maintaining a sharp focus on core growth and modernization projects while pursuing a number of value-adding midstream projects. This measured approach is designed to meet the evolving needs of the marketplace ╨ ensuring the reliability, integrity and modernization of our infrastructure ╨ while leveraging our assets and minerals position in the shale basins.

 NYSE: NI A DEEP INVENTORY OF INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES
7
еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
   MARKING 100 YEARS OF PROGRESS AT NIPSCO
For Northern Indiana Public Service Co. (NIPSCO),
2012 marked the company╒s 100th anniversary and another year of solid progress on the company╒s plan to deliver on core customer, reliability and environmental initiatives, while maintaining a sharp focus on long-term investment and growth.
Under the direction of new Executive Vice President and Group CEO Jim Stanley, NIPSCO continued to produce strong operating performance, including reaching an all- time record peak electric load of more than
3,700 megawatts on June 28, 2012. NIPSCO also continued to introduce new customer programs, including an air-conditioning cycling program, a green power rate program and new incentives for customers who drive electric vehicles.
Most notably, NIPSCO remains on track with significant multi-year environmental investments at our electric generation facilities. The company╒s more than
$500 million flue gas desulfurization (FGD) project at its Schahfer Generating Station remains on budget and on schedule to be placed into service in 2014. NIPSCO also has begun work on a $250 million FGD project at its Michigan City Generating Station. These investments help promote cleaner air and long-term environmental compliance, and generate hundreds of local jobs and other economic benefits in NIPSCO╒s service area.
NIPSCO also is actively developing two significant electric transmission projects. These projects, slated for development later this decade, will reduce system congestion and strengthen the Midwest╒s electrical infrastructure. With investments totaling about
$500 million, these projects likewise will generate hundreds of construction jobs and other economic benefits for Indiana.
Looking ahead, NIPSCO is advancing a long-term strategy ╨ with corresponding regulatory and legislative
 еееееееееееееееееееееееее
SUPPORTING NEIGHBORS IN NEED
While Superstorm Sandy battered the East Coast with 80-mph winds and 13-foot ocean surges in late October 2012, some Columbia Gas and NIPSCO employees knew they would soon be headed east in support of utilities hit by Sandy.
Eighty NIPSCO employees and more than 40 Columbia Gas employees helped restore electricity and natural gas service. Linemen, construction coordinators, service technicians and others volunteered despite knowing days would be long, conditions tough and holiday activities with family and friends would be put on hold.
               еееееееееееееееееееееееее

 8 NISOURCE
ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION INFRASTRUCTURE ENHANCEMENTS
еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
 ееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее IMPROVING INDIANA╒S ELECTRIC SYSTEM
NIPSCO╒s electric service territory and assets are strategically located on the seam between two major electric transmission operating areas ╨ The Midwest Independent Transmission Service Organization (MISO) and the PJM Interconnection (PJMI). Based on the significant and growing need to move electricity from west to east, there is an increased demand for an electric transmission superhighway.
Although NIPSCO does not plan to build the superhighway, we are well on our way to build
the necessary on-ramps, off-ramps and loops for that system. This opportunity will serve to reduce congestion and provide increased access to
various sources of electric generation, including renewables. We believe this transmission investment could reach up to $1 billion for NIPSCO over the next decade.
In 2012 NIPSCO outlined two approved electric transmission projects that are part of the MISO Multi-Value Initiative ╨ a multi-state effort to strengthen the electric transmission system serving the Midwest. The two projects, involving an investment of more than $500 million over the next five-to-seven years will create jobs, enhance system reliability, offer environmental benefits and improve access to lower cost electricity.
REYNOLDS TO TOPEKA PROJECT
е 100-mile, 345-KV transmission project
е Approximately a $270 million investment
е Public outreach and route selection: 2013 е Construction to begin: 2015
е Projected in service: 2018
REYNOLDS TO GREENTOWN PROJECT
е 50/50 joint project
е 66-mile, 765-KV transmission project
е $300 ╨ $400 million investment
(NI Portion: $150 ╨ $200 million)
е Projected in service: latter portion of decade
еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее

 NYSE: NI 9 A GROWING INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT INVENTORY
еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
  initiatives ╨ to modernize the company╒s core electric transmission and distribution infrastructure. This effort is designed to support the accelerated replacement of transformers, poles, lines and other equipment. On the legislative front, the NIPSCO Team ╨ together with other state utilities ╨ is working tirelessly to advance legislation that would improve the efficiency of the regulatory process, as well as the framework for recovering costs associated with these ongoing infrastructure investments.
All told, 2012 represented another outstanding year of progress that positions NIPSCO to be a strong and vibrant partner in northern Indiana╒s progress for generations to come.
INDUSTRY-LEADING GAS UTILITY MODERNIZATION PROGRAMS
Under the direction of new Executive Vice President and Group CEO Joe Hamrock, our NiSource Gas Distribution (NGD) unit continues to deliver strong results from a well-established strategy of aligning long-term infrastructure modernization programs with complementary customer programs and regulatory initiatives.
In total, we invested nearly $400 million in these infrastructure programs during 2012. And these investments were in addition to about $250 million in distribution system growth and maintenance investments. Over time, we expect the inventory of gas distribution modernization projects across our NGD service territory to total more than $10 billion.
Utility investments on this scale call for efficient and innovative regulatory approaches. And on that front, our NGD Team continues to make solid progress.
еееееееееееееееееееееееее
MORE ACCURATE METER READING
Automated Meter Reading (AMR) devices enable our utilities to obtain accurate meter readings remotely. Through a wireless transmission, we are able to read meters and transmit the data directly to our billing system.
NiSource Gas Distribution companies have been replacing manual-read meters with AMR devices throughout the last five years. As of the end of 2012, AMR devices were installed in approximately 70 percent of our gas customers╒ meters.
In 2012, NIPSCO will begin to pilot AMR devices. A $90 million investment, the devices will be installed on all 900,000 gas and electric meters by 2016. The technology will allow a meter reader to collect approximately 6,300 readings in four hours, compared to 300 readings now.
еееееееееееееееееееееееее
 
 10 NISOURCE
SOLID LONG-TERM TRAJECTORY TO GROW EARNINGS
еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
   еееееееееееееееееееееееее
GAS DISTRIBUTION MODERNIZATION
Infrastructure modernization projects across much of the NGD territory continue to generate value for stakeholders and sustainable earnings growth. Supported by regulatory initiatives integrated with customer programs designed to reduce energy consumption and lower overall bills, NiSource invested nearly $400 million in these infrastructure programs in 2012.
This more than $10 billion long- term program includes replacing aging pipelines with more corrosion-resistant materials, including coated steel and plastic.
 еееееееееееееееееееееееее
For example, the Columbia Gas of Virginia Team played a key role in advancing that state╒s Natural Gas Infrastructure Expansion for Economic Development ╨ or NEED ╨ legislation during 2012, as well as legislation enacted early this year permitting gas utilities to defer costs associated with system integrity programs for recovery in future rate cases.
In Maryland, the Team helped advance legislation that will permit gas utilities to file a pipeline modernization plan to recover costs associated with projected infrastructure replacement projects through a surcharge on customer bills. The new legislation is expected to take effect June 1, 2013.
In terms of rate case activity, in late 2012, Columbia Gas of Massachusetts received a base rate case order resulting in an annual revenue increase of about
$8 million. And most recently, Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania filed a unanimous settlement with the parties in its 2012 base rate case. The settlement, pending Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approval, increases annual revenues by about
$55 million. Notably, the case includes a simplified residential rate design that includes a weather normalization adjustment and full recovery of safety- related expenditures. Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania is the first utility in the state to establish rates based on investments and expenses as reflected in a fully forecasted test year, consistent with Pennsylvania╒s recently enacted Act 11.
Again, our NGD game plan is well-established, straightforward and clear ╨ sustained growth through long-term infrastructure investments supported by customer programs and progressive regulatory models.
CONTINUED GROWTH IN 2013 AND BEYOND
Based on the demonstrated strength of NiSource╒s business strategy ╨ and the continued solid execution of that plan by our Teams ╨ we are committed to long-term earnings growth in the range of 5 to 7 percent per year.
 
 NYSE: NI 11 NISOURCE: A COMPELLING INVESTMENT
еееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
 As I noted earlier, fueling this growth will be our record $1.8 billion capital investment program, nearly three- fourths of which is comprised of value-adding growth and modernization investments. While the plan reflects a fairly significant increase over 2012, the largest increase for 2013 relates to the modernization and growth initiatives at our pipeline group ╨ adding to a foundation of growth and environmental investments at our other two business units. We are convinced that these investments will enhance and strengthen the long-term value of our assets.
As we continue to execute our investment-driven business strategy, I can assure you that we will remain balanced, disciplined and transparent in our approach, including the means by which we fund our capital requirements. A key part of that approach remains an unequivocal commitment to maintain NiSource╒s investment-grade credit ratings.
Before I close, I want to recognize the significant service and wise counsel of our Board Chairman Ian Rolland, who after 35 years of service is retiring from the NiSource Board of Directors. Ian has provided our Board with unwavering leadership, a strong moral compass and a balanced, long-term focus on the interests of our shareholders and other key constituencies. I deeply appreciate Ian╒s service, his guidance and his continued friendship.
With the full support of our Board, I am convinced that we have a compelling game plan, and the resources and capabilities to continue to deliver on our commitments.
Thank you for your continued interest in NiSource. We value your support and remain committed to delivering continuing value for your investment.
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr. President & CEO NiSource Inc.
еееееееееееееееееееееееее MANAGEMENT TEAM
ROBERT C. SKAGGS, JR. President & CEO
STEPHEN P. SMITH Executive Vice President & CFO
CARRIE J. HIGHTMAN Executive Vice President & CLO
JOSEPH HAMROCK
Executive Vice President & Group CEO Gas Distribution
JIM L. STANLEY
Executive Vice President & Group CEO NIPSCO
JIMMY D. STATON
Executive Vice President & Group CEO Columbia Pipeline Group
ROBERT D. CAMPBELL
Senior Vice President, Human Resources
GLEN L. KETTERING
Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs
VIOLET G. SISTOVARIS Senior Vice President & CIO
LARRY J. FRANCISCO Vice President, Audit
 еееееееееееееееееееееееее
 