                 1
A Message from Bob Skaggs, NiSource President and CEO
Fellow Stockholder:
By almost any measure, 2014 was a watershed year for NiSource. Our Team again delivered strong financial, operational and customer service results, while executing on a record capital investment program. It was a year in which we originated and advanced transformational growth proj- ects, executed on a growing array of long-term system enhancement programs and announced a fundamental repositioning of NiSource and Columbia Pipeline Group as independent premier energy companies.
You will see details of these achievements throughout this year’s annual report, but here are just a few of the Team’s notable achievements during 2014:
• We successfully executed on a record $2.2 billion capital investment program, delivering a broad array of customer-focused infrastructure enhancements, system expansions and environmental upgrades.
• We added more than 1.1 billion cubic feet of new gas transmission capacity to our pipeline system, while originating major new projects that we anticipate will drive the expected tripling of our pipeline busi- ness net asset base by 2020. In fact, across all three NiSource busi- ness units, our Teams identified enhanced infrastructure investment opportunities of nearly $50 billion over the next 20-plus years.
• We continued to systematically enhance our core natural gas distribu- tion and transmission assets, and starting in 2014, our NIPSCO electric system, as part of well-defined – and stakeholder-aligned – long-term modernization programs.
• We successfully completed regulatory proceedings – virtually all via collaborative settlement – resulting in recovery of more than $70 million in increased annual revenues, while continuing to advance key energy efficiency, conservation and customer assistance programs.
• We delivered earnings that exceeded our guidance range, increased NiSource’s common stock dividend and generated a total shareholder return that once again exceeded the major utility indices. And we did so while maintaining our core commitment to investment grade credit – and in fact received a ratings upgrade from Moody’s Investor Services.
INVESTMENT-DRIVEN GROWTH
$400
$300
$200
$100
NiSource S&P 500 DJ Utilities
                             NI
 S&P 500
 DJ Utilities
 2014 $336.92 $205.11 2013 $254.18 $180.41 2012 $186.21 $136.26 2011 $171.58 $117.49 2010 $121.29 $115.06 2009 $100.00 $100.00
$162.90 $129.29 $119.39 $122.43 $105.22 $100.00
      STOCK PRICE PERFORMANCE
 CREATING TWO PREMIER ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE COMPANIES
 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
Dollars of Investment

                 2
Underpinning these accomplishments is NiSource’s well- established business strategy and industry-leading plat- forms for growth. That strong foundation positions our Team to deliver strong, sustainable performance and signifi- cant value for: Our Customers through modern, efficient en- ergy services and infrastructure; the Communities We Serve through job creation, community involvement and economic development; and Our Shareholders through consistent investment returns and value creation.
On behalf of our Team, I’m proud to provide this “look back” at a remarkable 12 months, and to share a “look ahead” at what promises to be a historic year for NiSource and Colum- bia Pipeline Group.
Creating Two Premier Energy Companies
During the third quarter of 2014, we announced a major strategic initiative designed to better position NiSource’s core gas and electric utility businesses, as well as our rap- idly growing natural gas pipeline, storage and midstream unit, for even stronger performance and ongoing success.
In September, we launched a plan, approved in principle by NiSource’s Board of Directors, to separate Columbia Pipeline Group (CPG) from NiSource’s natural gas and electric utilities. In sync with that announcement, we initi- ated the creation of a new master limited partnership (MLP), Columbia Pipeline Partners LP, to provide equity funding for CPG’s robust growth plan.
The decision to separate CPG and NiSource into stand- alone public companies is clearly a significant development in NiSource’s history and a logical step in the evolution of our proven, long-term growth strategy. Following the separa- tion – on track to be completed in mid-2015 – both NiSource and CPG are expected to move forward as independent, investment-grade, pure-play entities with experienced Teams focused on executing – and elevating – our well-established platforms for growth.
• Columbia Pipeline Group will be a growth-oriented natu- ral gas pipeline, midstream and storage company. As an in- dependent company, CPG will be financially strong and strategically positioned to execute on a growing inventory of transformational growth and modernization investments.
• NiSource will continue to include the Columbia Gas distri- bution companies and the NIPSCO natural gas and electric business. The company will remain one of America’s largest fully regulated utilities, with a large customer base, strong and respected stakeholder relationships, and ap- proximately $30 billion of identified long-term investment opportunities.
Separating CPG from NiSource is relatively straightforward and has proceeded according to plan. We have announced experienced management Teams for both companies – virtu- ally all drawn from NiSource’s current leadership ranks – and initiated necessary financing to establish strong finan- cial foundations for both companies. We also are on track for the recapitalization of both companies, which is on schedule for the second quarter of 2015. Notably, one of the key tenets of this transaction is that both companies are
     BENEFITS OF THE NISOURCE-CPG SEPARATION
• Creates Two Pure-Play Entities
• Distinct Business Strategies, Investment Opportunities and Customers • Experienced Leadership for Both Companies
• Each Company Uniquely Positioned to Realize Growth Opportunities
• Premier Projected Growth Rates
• Aligned with Investor and Stakeholder Interests
• Expected Tax-Free Transaction
    NYSE: NI
NISOURCE
Pure-Play Natural Gas & Electric Utility
NYSE: CPGX
COLUMBIA PIPELINE GROUP
Pure-Play Pipeline, Midstream & Storage Company
    OPPORTUNITY TO UNLOCK THE FULL POTENTIAL OF BOTH COMPANIES
 NISOURCE AND COLUMBIA PIPELINE GROUP

                 3
expected to maintain investment-grade credit ratings following the separation.
As NiSource shareholders, at the time of separation, you will retain your current shares of NiSource stock and receive a pro-rata dividend of shares of CPG stock in a transaction that is expected to be tax-free to NiSource and sharehold- ers. The actual number of CPG shares to be distributed to shareholders will be determined closer to the separation date.
Columbia Pipeline Partners
NYSE: CPPL
placed an additional $200 million in new projects in service, providing new gathering and processing services for Marcel- lus and Utica Shale gas producers. Concurrent with these in- vestments, the CPG Team delivered on the second year of the comprehensive Columbia Transmission system modern- ization program, representing an investment of about $320 million. In total for 2014, we added more than $800 million in new revenue-generating assets in service – all on time and on budget.
The largest CPG growth project placed in service during the year was the approximately $200 million West Side Expan- sion project. That project involved making a portion of the approximately 3,400-mile Columbia Gulf system bi-direc- tional and capable of transporting 540 million cubic feet per day of Marcellus Shale production to Gulf Coast and south- east markets. When this important project is paired with sub- sequent projects under development, we expect that by the end of 2017, the entire Columbia Gulf system will be fully bi-directional, providing a major and much-needed market outlet for Appalachian shale gas.
Another growth project benefiting from CPG’s strategic asset location is the Hickory Bend gathering and processing fa- cility in eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania. That proj- ect, which was placed in service in the first half of 2014, involved construction of about 45 miles of gathering pipeline and related facilities. The facility now provides about 500 million cubic feet per day of gathering pipeline capacity and about 200 million cubic feet per day of processing capacity, with ready capability for future expansion. Our Team also completed a natural gas liquids pipeline that connects the Hickory Bend facility to the UEO Kensington fa- cility in Columbiana County, Ohio. This new line is capable of delivering 45,000 barrels of liquids per day with expansion potential up to 90,000 barrels per day. Both projects are part of our Pennant Midstream, LLC partnership, a joint venture with units of Hilcorp Energy Company. NiSource owns a 50 percent interest and is the operator of the facilities.
Looking ahead, the CPG Team is in full execution mode on several transformational growth projects supporting
As noted above, a separate but closely related part of CPG’s future growth was the cre-
ation of Columbia Pipeline Partners LP, an MLP that owns approximately 15.7 percent of Columbia OpCo’s assets. Columbia OpCo owns essentially all
 of the assets of CPG, including Colum-
bia Gas Transmission, Columbia Gulf Transmission and Columbia Midstream Group.
On February 11, 2015, Columbia Pipeline Partners success- fully completed its $1.2 billion initial public offering, the largest-ever MLP IPO to date. The MLP will act as the pri- mary equity funding source for CPG’s growth projects, which are highlighted throughout this report. Additional information about Columbia Pipeline Partners can be found at www.columbiapipelinepartners.com.
Transformational Pipeline, Storage & Midstream Progress
Our CPG Team delivered on a truly unprecedented agenda in 2014 by placing more than $300 million in system expan- sion projects in service during the year, which added about 1.1 billion cubic feet of new capacity to CPG’s interstate pipeline system. Meanwhile, our Columbia Midstream Team
Continues on Page 6
 CREATING TWO PREMIER ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE COMPANIES

                    ONE PREMIER COMPANY TO BECOME TWO
In September 2014, NiSource announced plans to separate Columbia Pipeline Group (CPG) into a stand-alone, publicly traded company in mid-2015. With the benefit of strategic clarity and focus, NiSource and CPG will be better able to realize growth opportunities and execute on their robust, long-term investment plans. Both companies are expected to be well capitalized and maintain investment-grade credit ratings.
• ~4 Million Electric & Natural Gas Customers Across Seven States • ~58,000 Miles of Distribution Pipeline
• 3,300 Megawatts of Generation
• ~2,800 Circuit Miles of Electric Transmission
• 100% Regulated Business Model
• ~$7.4 Billion Rate Base
• >80% Non-Volumetric Revenue Streams
• ~75% of Investments Are Expected to Be Revenue Producing
• ~$30 Billion of Long-Term Infrastructure Investment Opportunities
After the planned separation, NiSource will remain one of the largest natural gas utility companies in the United States, serving more than
3.4 million customers in seven states under the Columbia Gas and NIPSCO brands. The company also will continue to provide electric distribution, generation and transmission services for approximately 460,000 NIPSCO electric customers in northern Indiana. The company will continue to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “NI.”
NiSource’s growth strategy focuses on the systematic modernization and replacement of its utility infrastructure, paired with complementary system expansions, customer programs and regulatory initiatives. Under this strategy, the company is investing in electric system environmental upgrades and transmission expansions; natural gas system replacements and expansions; and enhancement of customer services.
NiSource’s core business strategy is expected to drive stable long-term earnings and dividend growth, supported by stable revenue streams, contemporary rate designs and approximately $30 billion in infrastructure investment opportunities spanning the next 20-plus years.
“As a pure-play utilities company, we expect NiSource will continue to be well capitalized, with
significant customer and rate base scale, and a deep inventory of infrastructure investment
opportunities. The company’s strong foundation, supported by a proven track record of execution on core system enhancement, regulatory and legislative programs, should enable NiSource to continue delivering safe, reliable and efficient service to its customers, as well as sustainable growing value to shareholders.”
Joe Hamrock will serve as NiSource’s president and CEO following the planned separation. He currently serves as group CEO of NiSource’s Gas Distribution business unit.
    
                  NEW LOOK, CLASSIC TWIST
As part of the separation process, Columbia Pipeline Group unveiled a new logo that draws from the organization’s rich history. The navy blue and three- star design comes from a previous version of the Columbia logo, dating back nearly a century.
• 15,000 Miles of Transmission Pipeline
• 1.3 Trillion Cubic Feet of Throughput per Year
• 35 Storage Fields with 300 Billion Cubic Feet of Working Capacity
• >90 Percent of Revenues Generated Under Long-Term, Fixed-Fee
Agreements
• ~$4 Billion Net Investment as of 2013, Expected to Triple by 2020
• $12-$15 Billion of Long-Term Infrastructure Investment Opportunities
CPG, which is expected to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CPGX,” will include Columbia Pipeline Partners, Columbia Gas Transmission, Columbia Gulf Transmission, Columbia Midstream Group, and other current NiSource natural gas pipeline, storage and midstream holdings. In total, the new independent CPG will operate more than 15,000 miles of natural gas transmission pipelines, nearly 300 billion cubic feet of underground natural gas storage working capacity and a growing portfolio of midstream and related facilities.
The CPG system provides access to U.S. energy markets stretching from the Southeast through the Northeast, as well as strategic asset positions throughout the Marcellus and Utica Shale production regions. The CPG Team continues to leverage these assets to develop a deep inventory of supply- and market-driven growth projects, many of which are in advanced stages of development.
These projects, when paired with the company’s long-term system modernization program, represent a potential capital investment opportunity of $12-$15 billion over the next 10 years, positioning the company to provide enhanced long-term growth.
More than 90 percent of CPG’s annual revenues are generated under long-term, fixed-fee agreements, and the company has developed a strong track record for disciplined project and capital program management execution.
“As an independent company, CPG will be well positioned to execute on a significant number of value- creating growth opportunities resulting from the expansion of natural gas drilling in its geographic territories, its landmark system modernization program, as well as increased demand associated with liquefied natural gas exports and gas-fired electric generation – all of which is expected to benefit our customers, investors and other key stakeholders. We are committed to unlocking significant value and enabling even greater investment to fuel growth in the CPG business that would not have been possible without the CPG separation and associated MLP.”
Bob Skaggs will serve as CPG’s chairman and CEO following the planned separation.
   
                 6
Continued from Page 3
shale gas to East Coast markets and various pipeline inter- connects, including access to the Cove Point LNG terminal. This project is expected to be in service by the fourth quar- ter of 2018.
• Columbia Midstream’s $120 million Washington County Gathering project, anchored by a long-term agreement with a subsidiary of Range Resources Corp., will transport production into the Columbia Transmission system starting in the second half of 2015, while its Big Pine Gathering System Expansion will add another 175 million cubic feet of capacity to the existing, fully subscribed system in the third quarter of 2015.
In addition to these ongoing initiatives, CPG also is in ad- vanced discussions with customers regarding the potential Mountaineer XPress – and complementary Gulf XPress – projects. Capacity levels for these major projects are still being refined, but they could provide upwards of 2.5 billion cubic feet of additional transportation capacity for Marcellus and Utica Shale producers, underpinned with long-term firm transportation agreements.
This impressive agenda is a testament to our Team’s ability to originate high-value projects for customers and the strate- gic nature of the CPG asset footprint. In fact, given the ex- tent of CPG investment programs and projects in various stages of development, we now expect CPG’s growth in- vestment opportunities to reach $12-$15 billion over the next 10 years, with approximately $1.1 billion planned for 2015. With this level of investment, we expect to triple CPG’s net asset base by 2020.
LNG export, gas-fired generation, Marcellus and Utica pro- duction and our core gas utility customers. Highlights of those efforts include:
• In December, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved the construction of CPG’s East Side Expansion project, which will provide approximately 315 million cubic feet per day of additional capacity for Marcellus supplies to reach growing northeastern and Mid-Atlantic markets. This $275 million project is expected to be placed in service in the third quarter of 2015.
• CPG’s Rayne XPress and Leach XPress projects, which collectively involve about $1.8 billion in system expansion, will create major new pathways for transporting shale pro- duction to attractive markets and liquid trading points. With a capacity of approximately 1.5 billion cubic feet per day on the Columbia Transmission system and 1 billion cubic feet per day on Columbia Gulf, the projects involve construction of approximately 160 miles of new transmission pipeline and 165,000 horsepower of additional compression, with an expected in-service date of year-end 2017.
• The Cameron Access Project, a roughly $310 million in- vestment, involves the construction of new pipeline facili- ties to connect the CPG system with the Cameron LNG terminal in southern Louisiana. The project will offer an ini- tial capacity of up to 800 million cubic feet per day and is expected to be in service in early 2018.
• The WB XPress Project is an approximately $870 million project to transport about 1.3 billion cubic feet per day of
 NISOURCE AND COLUMBIA PIPELINE GROUP
 
                 7
Premier Utility Performance
In 2014, NiSource’s utilities continued to set the standard for disciplined project execution, paired with foundational commitments to safety, customer value and stakeholder engagement. In nearly every state where we operate, NiSource Teams made significant progress in ad- vancing core priorities – safety, system reliability, modernization and ex- pansion – while delivering complementary customer programs. In the process, NiSource’s natural gas and electric utilities successfully de- ployed nearly $1.3 billion of capital during 2014. Below are a few of our execution highlights from across our seven utilities.
At NIPSCO, our Indiana electric and natural gas utility, the Team deliv- ered on the first year of its seven-year natural gas and electric infra- structure modernization programs, which are expected to reach an investment level of nearly $2 billion. During the year, the Team com- pleted about $120 million of projects that are helping ensure long-term system reliability, flexibility and safety, as well as providing improved rural access to natural gas service. Another NIPSCO milestone in 2014 was the completion of the second and remaining flue gas desulfuriza- tion (FGD) unit at the company’s R. M. Schahfer electric generation fa- cility. This unit, like a parallel unit placed in service during the fourth quarter of 2013, was delivered on time and on budget. A third FGD unit, at NIPSCO’s Michigan City generation facility, is on schedule to be placed in service by the end of 2015.
Following the completion of the Michigan City unit, all of NIPSCO’s coal- burning facilities will be fully scrubbed – which will reduce the company’s sulfur dioxide emissions from those units by about 90 percent. The Michi- gan City project also includes the installation of technology that will re- duce particulates, acid gases and mercury emissions from the flue gas. These investments are part of more than $850 million in environmen- tal enhancements, including water quality and other emission-control projects, recently completed and planned at NIPSCO’s electric generat- ing facilities.
Progress also continued on two major NIPSCO electric transmission projects that will further enhance the region’s electric grid reliability, flexi- bility and supply options. The projects in process include a 100-mile, 345-kilovolt transmission line, and a 66-mile, 765-kilovolt line. Right-of- way acquisition and permitting are under way for both projects, with pre- liminary construction scheduled to begin on the 345-kilovolt line in the first half of this year. These projects represent an investment of about $500 million for NIPSCO.
President & CEO
MANAGEMENT TEAM
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr.
Stephen P. Smith
Executive Vice President & CFO
Carrie J. Hightman
Executive Vice President & CLO
Joseph Hamrock
Executive Vice President & Group CEO, Gas Distribution
Glen L. Kettering
Executive Vice President & Group CEO, Columbia Pipeline Group
Jim L. Stanley
Executive Vice President & Group CEO, NIPSCO
Karl Brack
Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs
Robert D. Campbell
Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Violet G. Sistovaris
Senior Vice President & CIO
Larry J. Francisco
Vice President, Audit
 CREATING TWO PREMIER ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE COMPANIES
 
                 8
NIPSCO also received approval for the extension of pro- grams that support conservation and renewable energy op- tions. These include the continuation of NIPSCO’s electric energy efficiency programs and the Green Power Rate program. The Green Power Rate program, introduced in early 2013, allows customers to designate a portion or all of their monthly electric usage to be attributable to power gen- erated by renewable energy sources. NIPSCO also is in the process of extending its Feed-in Tariff (FIT) program. Origi- nally introducted in 2012, the FIT program allows customers to generate their own electricity via small-scale renewable resources and sell it back to the company.
NiSource’s Columbia Gas utilities also achieved significant operational, customer and regulatory progress during 2014, punctuated with successful completion of a record capital investment level. The largest portion of that investment was committed to infrastructure modernization programs, under which our gas distribution Teams replaced more than 330 miles of priority pipelines and related facilities last year.
In tandem with these investments, our Columbia Gas distri- bution Teams delivered on a broad range of complementary regulatory and legislative initiatives.
In November, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approved a settlement in Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania's (CPA) base rate case. The case provides for recovery of CPA’s investments in its well-established infrastructure mod- ernization program and will increase annual revenues by approximately $33 million. New rates went into effect in December.
Also in December, Columbia Gas of Virginia (CGV) reached a settlement with customers for its base rate, which is pend- ing final approval by the Virginia State Corporation Commis- sion. The case would increase base rates by approximately $25 million and provide for recovery of costs related to CGV’s significant capital investments to improve its sys- tem and accommodate growth, as well as costs incurred related to a number of initiatives designed to improve system safety and reliability.
Earlier in the year, the Team also completed a rate case in Massachusetts that will increase annual revenues by ap- proximately $19 million and provide for continued recovery of investments related to our ongoing infrastructure programs, which are designed to maintain and improve the safety and reliability of our systems.
Our Columbia Gas of Massachusetts (CMA) Team also played a key role in advancing state legislation, enacted dur- ing 2014, authorizing accelerated recovery of gas infra- structure modernization investments. Under the legislation, utilities can file an annual Gas System Enhance- ment Plan with the Department of Public Utilities, and seek simultaneous recovery in rates. CMA’s 2015 enhancement plan is expected to increase annual revenues by approxi- mately $2.6 million.
In Ohio, our Columbia Gas of Ohio (COH) Team helped ad- vance two important new laws designed to ensure cus- tomer safety and enhance economic development in the state. The Damage Prevention Enforcement Mechanism is the most significant update to Ohio’s underground protection statutes in more than 20 years. It grants the Public Utilities
 NISOURCE AND COLUMBIA PIPELINE GROUP
 
                 9
Commission of Ohio the authority to enforce Ohio’s underground utility protection laws. A separate new law, the Enhanced Economic Develop- ment Opportunities Act, gives local gas distribution companies the ability to apply for a rider to recover the costs of infrastructure investments as- sociated with economic development projects. This law supports COH’s economic development efforts and will assist the state in attracting com- panies and jobs to Ohio.
With a clearly defined strategy in place, NiSource’s utilities are on track to complete approximately $1.3 billion in capital investments during 2015 as part of identified infrastructure investment opportunities of approximately $30 billion over the next 20-plus years.
Our Focus in 2015
Without question, our fundamental focus in 2015 continues to be safely and reliably operating our core utility and pipeline systems and delivering for our customers each and every day. At the same time we will continue to prepare for the separation of NiSource and CPG – positioning both companies with a strong financial foundation and the resources and sys- tems to operate independently and successfully.
As I reflect on my last shareholder letter as the CEO of the combined NiSource entity, I can say without a doubt that the Team we’ve assem- bled is best-in-class. As we execute the separation in the coming months, I’m certain that both companies will be positioned with the right leadership, the right focus and the right attitude to unlock their full potential and deliver enduring value for their stakeholders.
Thank you for your support of our plans and your continued investment in NiSource and CPG.
Bob Skaggs President & CEO NiSource Inc.
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Richard L. Thompson
Chairman of the Board, NiSource Inc.
Richard A. Abdoo
President, R.A. Abdoo & Co. LLC
Aristides S. Candris
Retired President & CEO, Westinghouse
Sigmund L. Cornelius
President and COO, Freeport LNG, LLC
Michael E. Jesanis
Principal, Serrafix
Marty R. Kittrell
Retired Executive Vice President & CFO, Dresser, Inc.
W. Lee Nutter
Retired Chairman, President & CEO, Rayonier, Inc.
Deborah S. Parker
Retired Senior Vice President,
Quality & Environmental, Health & Safety, Alstom Power
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr.
President & CEO, NiSource Inc.
Teresa A. Taylor
CEO, Blue Valley Advisors, LLC
Carolyn Y. Woo
President & CEO, Catholic Relief Services
 *There will likely be differences between net operating earnings and GAAP earnings due to the unpredictability of weather and other factors.
CREATING TWO PREMIER ENERGY INFRASTRUCTURE COMPANIES
 