Dear shareholder :

For nearly a century, The Neiman Marcus Group has stayed focused on serving the unique needs of the luxury market. Today, that commitment is stronger than ever. We have stayed true to the principles of our founders -- to be recognized as the premier luxury retailer dedicated to providing our customers with distinctive merchandise and superior service.
This hasn't always been the easiest course, especially in difficult economic times. But it has proven to be the right one, enabling us to continuously strengthen our relationships with affluent consumers, while distancing ourselves from our competition. We are equally committed to disciplined financial management -- maintaining tight control of current expenses while investing in our future. Through this combination of focus and discipline, we were able to answer the economic challenges of fiscal 2003, transforming an uncertain environment into successful results: a record $3.1 billion, compared * Total revenues increased 5% to 1 to $2.95 billion in fiscal 2002. * Net earnings, before accounting changes, for fiscal 2003 were $124 million, or $2.60 per diluted share, compared to $100 million, or $2.08 per diluted share the prior year, an increase of 25%. * Gross margin improved 80 basis points to 33.1%. SG&A (selling, general and administrative expenses) declined as a percentage of sales more than 40 basis points to 25.9%.

1

The Company's fiscal 2002 included a 53rd week, compared to 52 weeks in fiscal 2003.

Letter to Shareholders

These results further demonstrate our team's commitment to create shareholder value regardless of the market conditions. Further, we believe the actions we took during the year will enhance future results as the economy improves.

Luxury doesn't just live -- it is alive -- at our specialty retail stores

B

ecause we've stayed true to our customers, they have stayed true to us. Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman customers are uncommonly loyal, and undeterred in their pursuit of the finest quality and most fashionable trends.

Together, these stores make up our Specialty Retail division which represents 81% of sales of The Neiman Marcus Group. During fiscal 2003, revenues for this division increased 3.8% to $2.52 billion. This growth was the result of a 2% increase in comparable store sales, and the revenues from two new Neiman Marcus stores in Florida we opened during the year. Many factors contribute to our growing leadership in the luxury retail market. Our premier merchandise offering and outstanding customer service stand out among these factors. Our customers rely on us to provide them with the most current and exciting collection of designer fashions and luxury merchandise, as well as a personal relationship with a knowledgeable sales associate who understands their needs and desires. Our industry-leading loyalty programs also continue to drive repeat customer visits and higher sales per transaction through innovative rewards and incentives.
Increasing our productivity and profitability To build on these strengths, we launched a number of new initiatives in fiscal 2003 designed to increase sales and improve our operating performance over the next few years. Key initiatives include:

1. Based on customer input and sales data, we have increased our capital investments in, and marketing and merchandising for, six merchandise categories that we believe have the greatest opportunity for growth --

2 The Neiman Marcus Group

I N FA C T, T H E Y A R E S E E K I N G E V E N G R E A T E R L U X U R Y A N D Q U A L I T Y.

*

OUR CUSTOMERS ARE NOT TRADING DOWN.

"I have to ask : W ho are you wearing tonight?"
Driven by their passion for designer style and quality, Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman customers are continuing to "trade up," seeking merchandise and experiences that reflect their lifestyles. By staying true to these customers, we continue to expand our relationships with them. In fact, our average sales per transaction at our Neiman Marcus stores has increased 13 % since 2001 .

The Neiman Marcus Group 3

T H E L U X U R Y C U S T O M E R C A R E S L E S S A B O U T P R I C E A N D M O R E A B O U T Q U A L I T Y.

*

IF AN ITEM IS DISTINCTIVE, TRENDSETTING AND DESIRABLE,

"They were calling my name. How could I resist?"
Our customers rely on us to be first with "what's hot," while knowing "what's perfect" for them. Our relationships with the world's top designers enable us to fulfill that promise with a distinctive selection of merchandise, including many exclusives. We know that a rich assortment of fashion and style-- not the lowest price--is what ignites our customers' passions. A good example: Despite the challenging economic environment, our shoe and handbag business grew by more than 15 % in fiscal 2003.

4 The Neiman Marcus Group

Letter to Shareholders

fine apparel, women's shoes, handbags, contemporary sportswear, beauty and designer jewelry.

2. We are committed to growing our existing market share in several highpotential geographic areas. To achieve this goal, we have increased our investments in marketing and advertising, promotional events and visual enhancements at our stores in these locations. 3. We are focused on increasing our penetration in selected customer segments through targeted sales and marketing programs. This strategy includes strengthening our relationship with high-potential (but lowerthan-average spending) InCircle members. Additionally, we began to install new point-of-sale and clienteling technologies in our stores during fiscal 2003, which will help our sales associates interact with and serve customers in more personalized ways. 4. We are concentrating on improving the productivity of our inventory through enhanced planning, buying and allocation of merchandise by store. To reach this goal, we have restructured our merchandising group by adding inventory planners who work hand-in-hand with our merchants.
Investing in new stores and remodels We continue to expand our selling space through new stores and remodels in appropriate markets, targeting 2-3% annual square-footage growth over the next five years. During fiscal 2003, we opened two new stores in Florida -- in Coral Gables and Orlando. We also plan to open a new store in San Antonio in the fall of 2005, and we are carefully evaluating the potential for new sites in a number of other locations. Our primary goal is to improve productivity through selective square-footage growth in contrast to many retailers' singular focus on rapid square-footage expansion.

In December 2002, we completed a major remodel of our Las Vegas store, updating the entire format and appearance, while adding 70,000 square feet of selling space. In addition, we are remodeling and adding 30,000 square feet to our Fashion Island store in Newport Beach, California, which is scheduled for completion in 2004. We are also expanding and improving our San Francisco store. When completed

The Neiman Marcus Group 5

Letter to Shareholders

in October 2005, the Union Square landmark will feature more than 250,000 square feet of selling space, making it our largest Neiman Marcus store. Over time, remodeling our stores has proven to be a low-risk, high-return investment strategy. Notably, our ongoing renovation of our Bergdorf Goodman store in Manhattan has already resulted in a 9.6% increase in comparable store sales during fiscal 2003, even while undergoing construction. The renovation -- which to date has included a dramatically expanded shoe department and an innovative remodel of our designer boutiques -- has generated tremendous interest throughout the fashion community, and is enhancing our position as a must-shop destination.

Neiman Marcus Direct delivers designer brands and dramatic online growth

N

eiman Marcus Direct, our Direct Marketing division, comprises the catalogue and online businesses of the Neiman Marcus, Horchow and Chef's Catalogue brands. Revenues for this segment increased by more than 11% to a record $494 million in fiscal 2003 -- or approximately 16% of The Neiman Marcus Group's total sales. Operating earnings for the segment doubled, as a result of the significant growth in our online business, greater cost control and improved operating synergies among these businesses. Revenues from our online businesses grew dramatically in fiscal 2003, topping $100 million for the first time. Neimanmarcus.com sales doubled during the year, as we upgraded and refined our merchandise selection, including adding more high-profile designer brands, such as Gucci, Prada and Burberry. Horchow, our upscale home furnishings and accessories business, also continued to grow in 2003, fueled by strong results from Horchow.com. Launched in June 2002, the online site was an immediate hit with customers, reaching its 12-month sales target in only six months. Sales at Chef's -- a leading resource for people who love to cook and entertain -- were disappointing in fiscal 2003. We are aggressively refining the Chef's merchandise mix and enhancing the product presentation in both our catalogues and online.

6 The Neiman Marcus Group

T H E Y WA N T A T R U S T E D A DV I S O R W H O D O E S E V E RY T H I N G P O S S I B L E TO SERVE THEIR INDIVIDUAL NEEDS.

*

L U X U RY C U S T O M E R S WA N T M O R E T H A N J U S T A S A L E S P E R S O N .

"Even the service is made-to-measure."
For more than 95 years, Neiman Marcus has focused on building customer relationships. It's part of our culture--and one of the major differentiators of our business. In fiscal 2003 , we continued to invest in new ways to help our sales associates strengthen their bonds with the customers they serve. One example is our new point-of-sale computer system, which puts helpful customer information at each sales associate's fingertips so they can provide even more personalized service.

The Neiman Marcus Group 7

7 The Neiman Marcus Group

W E M A K E S U R E T H E Y H AV E T H E T I M E O F T H E I R L I V E S .

*

F O R M A N Y O F O U R C U S T O M E R S , S H O P P I N G I S E N T E R T A I N M E N T.

"You always strike the perfect chord."
If all the world's a stage, Neiman Marcus Group customers are accustomed to the best seats in the house. That's why targeted special events are such an important part of our marketing strategy. More than 20 , 000 special events a year--from runway and designer trunk shows to holiday party extravaganzas--help us to make each visit to one of our stores a unique and engaging experience... and drive more repeat visits throughout the year.

8 The Neiman Marcus Group

Letter to Shareholders

Maximizing our multi-channel opportunities The success of our Direct Marketing division has enabled us to expand our business outside the immediate geographic proximity of Neiman Marcus stores. In fact, during fiscal 2003, approximately half of all our online sales were from customers who reside outside of our retail trade area. Our multichannel strategy has also proven to increase sales among existing customers: The average Neiman Marcus customer who shops at more than one channel spends three times as much as the customer who shops at only one.

To further capitalize on these opportunities, we realigned our online and catalogue operations in fiscal 2003 to place greater emphasis on managing our business by brands rather than by individual distribution channels. Our goal is to create a seamless experience for our customers -- providing them with the same brand experience, regardless of which channel they choose to shop. We are also exploring ways to create better cross-selling opportunities. For example, we launched new home furnishings "showrooms" in two of our Neiman Marcus stores in fiscal 2003, enabling customers to see and experience firsthand merchandise from our Neiman Marcus Direct brands.

Kate Spade and Laura Mercier expand popularity and profitability

W

e include results from our brand development activities -- specifically, our investments in Kate Spade and Laura Mercier -- in our Other business division, which accounts for 2.6% of The Neiman Marcus Group's total revenues. Sales for this segment increased more than 12% in fiscal 2003, to $80 million, compared to $71 million the prior year, and both of our brand investments posted positive earnings growth. Kate Spade's performance and outlook are improving. Over the past two years, the brand's management team has done an excellent job of laying the groundwork to transform Kate Spade from a trend-driven business to a distinct and enduring brand. During the last six months of fiscal 2003, sales at Kate Spade

The Neiman Marcus Group 9

Letter to Shareholders

increased by about 8%, and customers are responding enthusiastically to brand extensions in fragrance, sunglasses and shoes. The company also operates five retail stores across the country -- including one new location opened in fiscal 2003 -- and continues to explore new branding opportunities. Sales of Laura Mercier cosmetics and beauty products continued to grow in fiscal 2003, with the brand attracting and maintaining many loyal customers in the U.S. and Europe. The company is well positioned to take advantage of increased consumer demand for luxury beauty products, which was one of the strongest categories in our specialty retail stores in 2003.

A strong balance sheet and management team; a clear vision for the future

D

uring fiscal 2003, we continued to improve our asset management and strengthen our balance sheet. Inventory increased 4.6%, driven primarily by the opening of two new full line stores. Excluding these stores, inventory increased approximately 1%.

At year end, our cash balance totaled $207 million, an increase of $28 million, compared with the prior year. This increase was after a $15 million common stock repurchase and a $14 million voluntary contribution to our pension plan. We had no borrowings under our $300 million bank line at the end of the year. Among other significant actions this year, we promoted Karen Katz to the position of president and CEO of Neiman Marcus stores. Previously, Ms. Katz was in charge of our Direct Marketing division. In addition, we promoted Brendan Hoffman, who formerly headed up our Clearance Center division, to president and CEO of Neiman Marcus Direct. Both are recognized leaders in our industry and invaluable members of our team. During fiscal 2004, we will manage our business with the same intensity and discipline as the year just completed. We will also continue to pursue our longterm financial goals, which include:

* Average revenue growth in the mid-single digits, * Improvement in gross margin rate,
10 The Neiman Marcus Group

BE BOTH CONTEMPORARY AND CLASSIC -- JUST LIKE OUR CUSTOMERS.

*

NEIMAN MARCUS GROUP STORES ARE DESIGNED TO

"Always in good taste -- never overdone."
retail spaces to feel. Through new stores and remodels, we continue to advance our own aesthetic of "residential luxury"--a refined and inviting design that often blends art and architectural details from the communities in which our stores are located. This not only makes our customers feel more comfortable, it's helping us achieve and maintain one of the highest sales per square foot in the retail industry.

Many of our customers call our stores their second homes. And that's exactly the way we want our

The Neiman Marcus Group 11

* Continued leveraging of our
selling, general and administrative expenses, * Ongoing improvement in our return on assets, and * 2-3% average annual square footage growth.

While the economy and world events remain uncertain, we have never been more confident about the strategic direction we have chosen. We will not waver from our from left to right: Richard A. Smith, Chairman; Burton M. Tansky, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brian J. Knez, Vice commitment to building value for Chairman; Robert A. Smith, Vice Chairman both our customers and shareholders alike. Over the past two years, the entire Neiman Marcus Group team has proven that it can respond to intense challenges, and we'd like to commend them for staying focused on our mission, our customers and on operating excellence. Their efforts will assure that luxury will live, grow and prosper at The Neiman Marcus Group for many years to come. Sincerely,

Richard A. Smith
Chairman

Burton M. Tansky

President and Chief Executive Officer

Robert A. Smith
Vice Chairman

Brian J. Knez
Vice Chairman

12 The Neiman Marcus Group

