3

LUXE IS: EXCEEDING EXPECTATIONS

DEAR SHAREHOLDER: Very few retailers can satisfy the growing appetite for luxury.

The Neiman Marcus Group thrives on our ability to do so. Neiman Marcus Stores. Bergdorf Goodman. Neiman Marcus Direct. These brands have earned a preeminent position in the luxury retail segment as a result of our unwavering focus on the affluent consumer. Our customers seek the most exclusive brands and demand an expert interpretation of fashion trends. They value a personalized shopping experience. Ful filling their expectations is an ongoing challenge, but success yields long-term relationships and drives profitable sales. Fiscal 2000 was a breakout year for The Neiman Marcus Group. Our operating and investment strategies produced record-breaking financial performance. And these strategies may hold even more signi ficance as we look at growth opportunities in 2001 and beyond.
A RECORD YEAR We are pleased to report that fiscal 2000 was the most successful year in your Company's history. Financial results reached record levels, and diluted earnings per share rose to $2.75, a 42 percent increase over last year's $1.93.

Total revenues increased 13.5 percent to $2.85 billion in fiscal 2000. Comparable revenues rose 11.8 percent with double-digit growth in each quarter, a standout performance. Operating earnings rose 36 percent , and our operating profit margin rose to 8.7 percent. Net earnings reached a record $134.0 million.

FISCAL 2000 WAS A BREAKOUT YEAR FOR NMG, WITH RECORD REVENUES AND EARNINGS.

4

Our financial performance reflects a healthy external environment for luxury goods, the successful implementation of several growth strategies, and strong execution of those strategies by all of our operating teams. In the Specialty Retail Stores segment, which includes Neiman Marcus Stores and Bergdorf Goodman, total revenues rose 11.7 percent to $2.4 billion. Comparable revenues at Neiman Marcus Stores increased 10.4 percent, with significant growth in most merchandise categories and across all regions of the country. Six Neiman Marcus stores reached the $100 to $150 million revenue tier, and nine were in the $60 to $100 million tier. Bergdorf Goodman revenues grew by 14.6 percent to $285.5 million, benefiting from a major remodeling that opened a new plaza level in the Main store and a successful remix of Men's Store merchandise. As part of this remix, Bergdorf launched a very successful, high-quality line of private label men's sportswear. Operating earnings at Specialty Retail Stores increased 37.9 percent to $248.5 million. Gross margins improved as we continued to shift our merchandise mix to more profitable, narrowly distributed brands and away from more promotional, widely distributed lines. Most of the revenue increase in Neiman Marcus Stores last year occurred in 20 merchandise categories, each with a specific strategy to maximize profitable growth. By targeting key classifications within categories and maintaining appropriate inventory levels, we improved margins as well as sales -- and supported our efforts to improve store productivity. Both Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf improved their percentage of full-price sales in 2000. And Specialty Retail Stores productivity rose significantly, as sales per gross square foot reached an industry leading $490. Revenues at our direct marketing segment, Neiman Marcus Direct, rose 13.1 percent in 2000 to $363.8 million. Operating earnings increased 67.6 percent to $24.4 million, driven by higher revenues and gross margins, and improved catalogue

OUR KEY INDICATORS SHOWED SIGNIFICANT IMPROVEMENT IN FISCAL 2000.

KEY INDICATORS
NMG COMPARABLE SALES
12% 10 8 6 4 2 96 97 98 99 00

Comparable revenues rose 11.8 percent in fiscal 2000, with double-digit growth in each quarter.

GROSS MARGINS
35%

34

33

32 96 97 98 99 00

Gross margins improved as we continued to shift our merchandise mix to more profitable, narrowly distributed brands.

SALES PER GROSS SQUARE FOOT
$500 480 460 440 420 400 96 97 98 99 00

Specialty Retail Stores sales per gross square foot rose to an industry leading $490.

6

productivity. Neiman Marcus Direct clearly benefited from shifting its merchandise mix to higher price points, focusing on key classifications, and aligning itself more closely with the stores' high-end positioning. We were also very grati fied by the success of Kate Spade and Laura Mercier, two rapidly growing brands in which we hold majority stakes. Both brands significantly increased their respective market penetration and contributed strong revenues and operating earnings in our first full year of ownership. We believe they are well positioned for further growth as they extend their distribution and product lines, and build value.
STRATEGIES FOR GROWTH Looking ahead, we expect to bene fit from continuing to

pursue several key growth strategies. First, our merchandising strategy differentiates us in the market and provides a competitive advantage. As we have traded up our merchandise assortments for finer quality and more style, we have increased our leadership as the fashion authority. Not surprisingly, we are attracting a somewhat younger customer, as measured by the three-year drop in median age of today 's Neiman Marcus InCircle customer compared to three years ago. Our core strength in fine apparel allows us to attract the most highly valued customers and build relationships that span multiple merchandise categories. For example, couture and designer apparel grew to more than 50 percent of our women's apparel mix in fiscal 2000 from 40 percent just two years ago. Fine apparel in turn helps maximize sales in our highly pro fitable accessory, jewelry and beauty businesses, which grew at double-digit rates in fiscal 2000. Second, our business is focused on a full-price selling strategy founded on deep relationships between customers and sales associates. In 2000, we connected with customers in ways we never have before, and these initiatives hold promise for the future. For example, we launched a customer relationship management program that uses sophisticated predictive modeling techniques to target and market

OUR MERCHANDISING STRATEGY DIFFERENTIATES US AND PROVIDES A COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE.

7

to different customer segments. We plan to expand this successful pilot program in 2001. We also launched NeimanMarcus.com, a new channel of commerce to connect a wider group of af fluent consumers to our brand. Introduced in October 1999, it now has 100 e-boutiques and approximately 4,000 products. We expect NeimanMarcus.com to provide both new and current customers with additional opportunities to connect to our catalogues, stores and sales associates. Consistent with our customers' expectations, we are committed to building and maintaining a world-class e-commerce capability, which we expect will increase sales across channels and further enhance customer loyalty. Third, we continued to invest in our stores and infrastructure. Our fiscal 2001 capital plan of approximately $175 to $200 million includes both new stores and remodeling and expansion programs. These programs should add an average of three percent per year to our square footage over the next few years. With 31 full-line Neiman Marcus Stores and two Bergdorf Goodman stores, our space exceeds five million gross square feet. By 2003, we plan to open four new Neiman Marcus stores in Florida and a 150,000 square foot replacement store in Texas. And we continue to look at new markets. We're also investing aggressively in remodeling our most productive stores, such as the Neiman Marcus stores in Las Vegas, Newport Beach and San Francisco. Remodeling is a low-risk, high-return investment strategy to add selling square footage, and improve merchandise adjacencies and total store productivity. For example, Bergdorf Goodman captured about 15,000 square feet of selling space in the new plaza level. It houses an expanded beauty business, which achieved a 30 percent sales increase over 1999. Reflecting our confidence in the Company's future prospects, in fiscal 2000 we repurchased a total of approximately two million shares of common stock, and we have

IN FISCAL 2000, WE CONNECTED WITH CUSTOMERS IN WAYS WE NEVER HAVE BEFORE.

8

BRIAN J. KNEZ

(left) Co-Chief Executive Officer
ROBERT A. SMITH

Co-Chief Executive Officer

authorization to purchase almost two million additional shares. Further share repurchases will depend upon market conditions.
POSITIVE TRENDS FOR THE FUTURE Looking ahead, we see positive long-term demographic and economic trends in the luxury retail market segment. We expect to capitalize on these positive trends, and to increase our business with current customers as we expand our overall customer base in the years ahead. We believe our current programs and growth strategies can support the achievement of our longterm financial goals of high single-digit revenue growth, operating margins above ten percent, and mid-teens EPS growth.

The following pages focus on the emerging trends that are redefining luxe, and the operating philosophies and strategies that we are employing to capitalize on them. As we conclude fiscal 2000, we want to recognize the passing of Jean Head Sisco, director of the Company since its inception, and her many contributions over the years. On behalf of our board of directors, we extend our sincere appreciation to those who made this great year happen -- the exceptional men and women at Neiman Marcus Stores, Bergdorf Goodman and Neiman Marcus Direct -- and to you, our shareholders, for your continuing support.

Sincerely,

ROBERT A. SMITH

BRIAN J. KNEZ

Co-Chief Executive Officer

Co-Chief Executive Officer

