THE NEIMAN MARCUS GROUP L E T T E R TO S H A R E H O L D E R S

DEAR SHAREHOLDER,

Fiscal 2001 was a challenging year for The Neiman Marcus Group. Despite disappointing financial results, however, we believe we made important strategic gains that position our Company for continuing success in the future. After a record fiscal 2000, the Company achieved a fifth quarter of double-digit revenue growth in the first quarter of fiscal 2001. As the year unfolded, however, a slowing U.S. economy and uncertainty about the direction of financial markets eroded consumer confidence, and our results fell below expectations. Even in this environment, however, and against last year's tough comparison, we achieved a respectable 3 percent growth in sales in fiscal 2001. This performance reinforces our belief that we continue to increase our share of the luxury retail market -- in good times and bad. We remain confident in our long-term strategy for creating shareholder value. No one connects with the affluent consumer like we do. By maintaining an unwavering focus on this consumer, we will extend our leadership position as the premier U.S. retailer of luxury goods.
BUILDING VALUE OVER TIME

This focus has resulted in an enviable track record despite economic ups and downs. Over the last five years, the Company has recorded average compounded annual growth rates of 8.1 percent in revenues, 4.0 percent in operating earnings, and 12.6 percent in diluted earnings per share. During this time, we have built even stronger relationships with key designers; developed and deepened customer relationships; and invested in new square footage, new retail channels, and exciting new brands to grow our business. We are confident that over the long term this focus will continue to reward our shareholders.
RECORD REVENUES OF $3 BILLION

In fiscal 2001, total revenues rose 3 percent to a record $3.02 billion. Comparable revenues rose 2.3 percent. However, operating earnings declined 22 percent to $193.6 million, and net earnings were $107.5 million, or $2.26 per diluted share, compared with $134.0 million

1

or $2.75 per diluted share a year ago. Excluding the impact of a non-recurring impairment charge taken in the fourth quarter, operating earnings were $203.4 million and net earnings were $113.5 million, or $2.39 per diluted share.
CAGR: 8.1%
$3200 2900 2600 2300

TOTAL REVENUES
in millions

2000
97 98 99 00 01

Lower-than-planned sales growth for the full year resulted in higher markdown rates necessary to clear excess inventory, which also resulted in lower operating margins and net earnings. Specialty Retail Stores revenues, which include results at Neiman Marcus Stores and Bergdorf Goodman, rose 2 percent to $2.5 billion. Neiman Marcus Stores revenues rose 1.5 percent to $2.2 billion, and Bergdorf Goodman revenues rose 4.9 percent to $303 million. Operating earnings in the segment declined 19.1 percent to $201 million, reflecting lower gross margins on higher inventory markdowns compared to the prior year. Revenues in our direct marketing segment, Neiman Marcus Direct, rose 6 percent to $424 million. Operating earnings declined slightly to $24 million due to lower gross margins than the prior year. E-commerce revenues exceeded last year by more than 300 percent, as we continued to broaden our online assortments, build out our infrastructure, and expand our customer base in this new channel. Revenues from the Kate Spade and Laura Mercier brands rose 16.2 percent compared to last year, with lower operating earnings due to investments in the business, including opening new stores.
MANAGING IN A DIFFICULT ENVIRONMENT

While we did not change our long-term strategies during fiscal 2001, we did reduce budgeted expenses and managed the business for future profitable growth without impacting service to our customers. As a result, we made organizational changes and reduced staff; however, we retained our sales and telemarketing associates to fulfill customer expectations. And we believe it paid off. For example, Neiman Marcus Stores increased the

2

sales penetration rate of its proprietary credit card during the year. Also, Specialty Retail Store productivity continued to rise in fiscal 2001, as sales per gross square foot reached an industry-leading $502.
CAGR: 4.13%
$520 490 460

SPECIALTY STORE SALES PER GROSS SQUARE FOOT

430 400
97 98 99 00 01

Finally, we worked in close partnership with vendors to reduce our receipts and merchandise ownership, and bring our inventory in line by the end of the fiscal year.
MOVING FORWARD WITH A FOCUSED STRATEGY

While fiscal 2001 was a difficult environment, fiscal 2002 presents even greater challenges. On September 11, the United States was struck by acts of terrorism on a scale unimagined. This tragedy has profoundly affected all of us. The losses sustained were significant, and we extend our deepest sympathy to the victims and their families. Given the uncertain worldwide economic and political consequences of this event, we remain very cautious about our prospects for fiscal 2002. Like many businesses affected by this tragedy, we are in the process of adjusting our purchases, examining our marketing activities, reviewing our expense structure, and reconsidering our capital expenditure plans. At the same time, we are optimistic about our prospects for long-term success. Our long-term revenue growth assumptions are based on more normalized mid-single-digit comparable revenue increases coupled with continuing square footage expansion in new markets, as well as at our most productive existing locations. The key drivers of our earnings performance over the next few years will be:  average comparable revenue growth of 4 percent to 6 percent per year,  improvement in gross margin rate,  reduction in SG&A expense rate,  ongoing improvement in the productivity of our asset base, and  average annual square footage growth of approximately 3 percent. Our long-term financial goals are to generate high single-digit growth in revenues, low double-digit operating earnings growth, mid-teens percentage growth in earnings per share,

3

and improving returns on invested capital. We continue to believe that these long-term goals are attainable. In addition, the Company maintains a strong balance sheet, with the flexibility to invest in its business, in new brands, and in share repurchases when appropriate. Perhaps most importantly, we are positioned to sustain our strategies throughout the retail cycle.
INVESTING IN OUR FUTURE

There are significant long-term value creation opportunities in our operating businesses, and we are committed to exploiting those by disciplined reinvestment in our stores, infrastructure and systems. Capital expenditures in fiscal 2001 were $120 million, bringing the total for the past five years to over $430 million. Our current fiscal 2002 capital plan of approximately $140 to $150 million includes new stores and major remodeling projects.
CAGR: 3.13%
5.6 5.2

PLANNED SPECIALTY STORE SQUARE FOOTAGE GROWTH
in millions

4.8 4.4
01 02 03 04 05

In fiscal 2001, we opened the Palm Beach Neiman Marcus store, the first of four Florida stores planned to open over the next two years. In the first quarter of fiscal 2002 we opened a new store in Tampa, and a larger and more luxurious replacement store in suburban Dallas. From fiscal 2002 through fiscal 2005, the Company plans to add 744,000 gross square feet of retail space in six full-line stores and three major remodels. These projects will increase our total retail space to more than five million gross square feet in 37 fullline Neiman Marcus stores and two Bergdorf Goodman stores. And we continue to look at new markets. Looking ahead, we see positive long-term demographic and economic trends in the luxury retail market segment. We expect to capitalize on these positive trends by attracting new customers as we increase our business with current customers. We believe we have the team and strategies in place to generate significant growth in earnings per share in the years ahead. A seasoned management team and a skilled merchant and operations organization support thousands of entrepreneurial sales associates in satisfying our customers.

4

Our growth strategies, which are depicted on the following pages, are premised on our belief that no other retailer connects with the affluent consumer like we do, through:  well-edited assortments of the finest merchandise,  complemented by customer service that meets and even anticipates needs,  supported by creative, value-added marketing and relationship building,  presented in an elegant shopping atmosphere, and  enhanced by exciting new brands and expanding channels.
MANAGEMENT LEADERSHIP

Fiscal 2001 marked an important management transition that provided continuity in leadership at the Board level while maintaining a consistent strategic and operating philosophy. In May 2001 Burton M. Tansky was promoted to president and chief executive officer,
RICHARD A. SMITH CHAIRMAN ROBERT A. SMITH VICE CHAIRMAN BRIAN J. KNEZ VICE CHAIRMAN BURTON M. TANSKY PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

succeeding Robert A. Smith and Brian J. Knez, who were elevated to vice chairmen of the Board. Dr. Paula Stern and Burton Tansky also joined the Board. This seamless management transition followed the termination of the Company's management services agreement with Harcourt General, Inc. At the same time, the corporate headquarters moved to Dallas, the birthplace of the Company. With that step, The Neiman Marcus Group has come home with a sense of historic responsibility for providing superior products and service, and a roadmap for building the long-term value of this franchise. On behalf of our board of directors, we extend our sincere appreciation to you, our shareholders, for your continued support.
SINCERELY,

Richard A. Smith
Chairman

Burton M. Tansky
President and Chief Executive Officer

Robert A. Smith
Vice Chairman

Brian J. Knez
Vice Chairman 5

