DEAR SHAREHOLDER:

IT ALL ADDS UP TO THE BEST YEAR IN OUR H I STORY

For almost 100 years, The Neiman Marcus Group has set the standard
for excellence in luxury retailing. During fiscal 2004, we continued to elevate that bar, achieving the best performance in our history, while strengthening our relationships within the thriving affluent market.
We have never been more focused on the needs of these customers or our commitment to enhancing shareholder value. We delivered on both of these goals last year, reinforcing our market leadership, while generating record sales and earnings in an improving, but still tentative, economic environment. Total revenues increased 14% to $3.55 billion, compared to $3.10 billion in fiscal 2003. Net earnings grew 87% to $205 million, or $4.19 per diluted share, compared to $109 million, or $2.29 per diluted share, the prior year. Through our team's intense focus on full-price selling, disciplined inventory management and rigorous expense control, we achieved a record operating margin of 9.7%, far surpassing our previous high of 8.5% in fiscal 2000. SG&A (selling, general and administrative) expenses as a percentage of sales declined more than 120 basis points to 24.7%, our best performance in six years. Importantly, we also generated a return on equity of 16.3%, compared to 11.3% in fiscal 2003. These outstanding results helped drive an approximately 40% increase in the value of our common stock during fiscal 2004, more than tripling the performance of the S&P 500 over the same period. To further enhance shareholder value and to demonstrate our confidence in the long-term strength of our Company, our Board of Directors also initiated a quarterly cash dividend of $0.13 per share in January 2004.

PA G E

10

is the product of a focused business plan that combines equal dedication to luxury leadership and financial discipline.

Our success

THE NEIMAN MARCUS GROUP

E L E VA T I N G U P S C A L E R E T A I L I N G

A few years ago, amid great economic uncertainty, the luxury market faced a crucial crossroads. While some retailers serving our market responded by choosing to expand their customer base, we stayed firmly focused on our upscale customer, elevating our standards for customer service, merchandise quality and fashion leadership. We also remained steadfast in our commitment to financial discipline. This business strategy could not have been more on target, as evidenced by the outstanding performance of our Specialty Retail Stores division in fiscal 2004. Our Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman stores were among the best performing in the retail industry, helping us to increase our penetration among luxury customers. During fiscal 2004, our Specialty Retail Stores division increased revenues by 13.7% to $2.87 billion. Comparable store revenues grew 12.0% and 22.2% at Neiman Marcus Stores and Bergdorf Goodman, respectively. And, most notably, sales productivity for the division soared to a record $532 per square foot. By improving the way we plan, purchase and allocate merchandise, we were able to achieve this significant growth with a nominal inventory increase of 4% at the Specialty Retail Stores division. These improvements also contributed to increased full-price selling and fewer markdowns, helping the division to increase operating earnings by 57% to $311 million. As one of our key strategic initiatives, we will continue to invest in our merchandise systems to enhance our planning capabilities and improve our inventory efficiencies. Our other ongoing initiatives include: · Concentrating our efforts on six key "focus categories" of merchandise -- fine apparel, shoes, handbags, contemporary sportswear, beauty and designer jewelry. This strategy has produced very strong results; for example, handbag sales alone increased more than 25% at Neiman Marcus Stores during fiscal 2004. · Investing in several "focus stores" that we believe have significant growth potential. These investments include making capital improvements, adding sales associates, increasing our marketing efforts and enhancing the depth and breadth of store inventories. · Increasing our penetration of select customer segments through targeted sales and marketing programs. As part of this strategy, we have created relationship managers to help match customers to sales associates who best fit their needs. Additionally in fiscal 2004, we rolled out a new point-of-sale system that will enable our sales associates to provide even more personalized service to their customers. New stores and remodels. We continue our disciplined investment program in new stores and remodels, targeting an average annual square footage growth of 2­3%. In the fall of 2005, we plan to open new stores in San Antonio and Boca Raton. We will also open stores in Austin and Charlotte in the fall of 2006. In addition, we plan to open a new store in suburban Boston in spring 2007. In total, these developments will add over 500,000 square feet of new selling space over the next three years. And, through our successful remodel program, we continue to increase the sales and productivity of existing stores. Remodels underway at our Newport Beach, San Francisco, Houston and Bergdorf Goodman stores will expand our selling space by an additional 105,000 square feet over the next two years. During the past year, we expanded our distribution center in Longview, Texas by 25% to over 600,000 square feet. As part of this expansion, we realigned the warehouse space, enabling us to strengthen our "lockerstock" inventory management program. With this program, we maintain certain key inventory items centrally, allowing us to "fill-in" inventory at individual stores more efficiently. In addition, our sales associates can now use the program to ship items directly to our customers, improving customer service and increasing productivity.

PA G E

12

THE NEIMAN MARCUS GROUP

GROWING WITH CLICKS, NOT JUST WITH BRICKS

Neiman Marcus Direct -- our catalog and online division -- expands our reach far beyond the trading area of our Specialty Retail Stores and gives us an additional sales channel to build relationships with new and existing customers. The division, which includes our Neiman Marcus, Horchow and Chef 's Catalog brands, increased its sales by more than 15% in fiscal 2004 to $571 million. Operating earnings grew 34% to $61 million. Our rapidly growing Internet business continues to be a major driver of this success, as sales increased more than 50% in fiscal 2004 to $242 million. The Web is also helping to attract new customers for our catalog business, as many Internet-only customers become multi-channel shoppers. Among Neiman Marcus Direct's key initiatives during fiscal 2005 is the first-quarter conversion of BergdorfGoodman.com from an information-only to a fully transactional Web site. The division will also partner with two major vendors to launch co-branded e-commerce capabilities on their Web sites, leveraging our growing Internet infrastructure and fulfillment expertise. Further, we plan to open additional homemerchandise showrooms within two Neiman Marcus stores, showcasing select items from our Horchow and Neiman Marcus direct businesses. The showrooms are also equipped with direct links to each of our Web sites to conveniently provide our customers with the full merchandise assortment. Finally, as announced in May 2004, we are exploring strategic alternatives for our Chef 's Catalog business which continues to show promise but has underperformed our other brands.

I N V E S T I N G I N LU X U R Y B R A N D S W I T H L OYA L FA N S

Our investments in Kate Spade and Laura Mercier performed extremely well in fiscal 2004, as sales increased 40% and 18%, respectively. Combined revenues for these brands exceeded $100 million for the first time. Kate Spade achieved exceptionally strong sales in shoes, handbags and accessories and benefited from the successful launch of a new china, crystal and flatware business. Four new freestanding Kate Spade boutiques were opened during the year, expanding the total to 14. Kate Spade plans to open six additional stores and launch an e-commerce site in fiscal 2005. Laura Mercier continues to attract a loyal following in the U.S. and Europe and it is well positioned to take advantage of the growing demand for luxury beauty products and cosmetics.

W E ' V E N E V E R B E E N S T R O N G E R O R M O R E R E S O LV E D

As a result of our outstanding performance in fiscal 2004, we enter the new year with an extremely strong balance sheet and the financial resources to invest in the continued growth of our business. At year end, our cash balance totaled $368 million, up $161 million from the prior year -- an outstanding result considering we also made $45 million of voluntary contributions to our pension plan and distributed over $12 million to our shareholders through our new quarterly cash dividend program. Adding to our financial flexibility, we replaced our $300 million bank line, which was due to expire in 2005, with a five-year $350 million unsecured credit facility. We have budgeted capital expenditures of approximately $160 million to $170 million for fiscal 2005. This figure includes capital for our new store and remodel program and several large-scale information and technology projects, including a new warehouse management system, improvements to our product reporting capabilities to further increase our operating efficiency and a new human resources system to enhance our recruiting, training and incentive compensation efforts.

PA G E

13

THE NEIMAN MARCUS GROUP

FROM LEFT TO RIGHT:

Richard A. Smith, Chairman; Burton M. Tansky, President and Chief Executive Officer; Brian J. Knez, Vice Chairman; Robert A. Smith, Vice Chairman.
P H O T O G R A P H E D AT :

Bergdorf Goodman, New York City.

In closing, we would like to thank our more than 15,000 employees, across all of our businesses, for their outstanding performance and unwavering dedication to customer service. While we celebrate our record-breaking performance in fiscal 2004, we are even more proud of the strong platform we have built for future growth. As a result, we intensified our resolve and reaffirmed our long-term business goals, which include: · Achieving 2­3% average annual square footage growth, through new store openings in select markets and the expansion and remodel of high productivity stores, · Delivering average revenue growth in the mid-single digits, · Expanding our operating margin to 10%, and · Improving our return on assets by focusing on improving inventory efficiencies and applying rigorous standards to all capital projects. Many factors contribute to our optimism, including the continued growth of the affluent consumer demographic and the increasing economic power this segment represents. We believe no one understands luxury customers better than The Neiman Marcus Group and we will continue to differentiate ourselves in the market by developing new ways to engage, inspire and delight them. In our view, the best is yet to come. Sincerely,

RICHARD A. SMITH

B U R T O N M . TA N S KY

Chairman

President and Chief Executive Officer

BRIAN J. KNEZ

ROBERT A. SMITH

Vice Chairman

Vice Chairman

PA G E

14

