DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

2011 was an outstanding year for Northrop Grumman, affirming that our focus on performance, portfolio alignment and effective cash deployment continues to create value for our shareholders, customers and employees and position our company positively for the future.
Despite a challenging top line environment, we delivered strong results by nearly every measure. Both segment and total operating margin, earnings per share, cash from operations, and free cash flow were higher than our 2010 results. Our team continues to build on our strong record of program execution and performance, which is essential to meeting our customers' increasing needs for high quality and affordable products and services. Actions to date in support of affordability have included consolidating business units across the enterprise, reducing overhead in our operating businesses, restructuring our debt to reduce interest expense, streamlining our corporate office, and redesigning our benefit plans. Of particular note in 2011 were the move of our corporate office to the Washington, D.C. area, and the spin-off of our shipbuilding business into Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc., creating a new enterprise focused on their important mission while allowing Northrop Grumman to concentrate on our core capabilities. Our results for the year demonstrate the benefit of our continued focus on performance. Earnings per share from continuing operations for 2011 increased 17 percent to $7.41 per diluted share. New business awards totaled $25.3 billion. Before discretionary pension contributions, 2011 cash from operations totaled nearly $3 billion, and free cash flow totaled $2.5 billion. Our strong cash flow and the $1.4 billion contribution from the shipbuilding spin-off allowed us to return $2.8 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.  In 2011 we spent $2.3 billion to repurchase more than 40 million shares, raised our quarterly dividend by 6.4 percent ­ our eighth consecutive annual increase ­ and paid shareholders $543 million in dividends. Through the spin-off, we distributed an additional $1.8 billion of equity value to shareholders. Looking forward, based on our nation's new strategic security direction, we believe we are well positioned to support the more agile, technologically advanced security force our government envisions. We expect about 75 percent of our 2012 sales to come from our four key strategic markets ­ C4ISR, unmanned systems, cybersecurity, and logistics ­ plus our manned strike aircraft business. Despite the uncertainties in our environment, including the 2013 budget process, we're confident that the high performing portfolio we are building aligns closely with our customer's priority investment areas. We also view the new military strategy as supportive of our efforts to market our products internationally. Even as we intensify our focus on our business priorities, we continue working to serve the communities where we live and work ­ in education, human services and the environment, cultural awareness, disaster relief, and support for the men and women in our armed services. I encourage you to read our annual Corporate Responsibility report highlighting our progress and activities in 2011. I'm pleased that among our environmental accomplishments, our new corporate office has received the U.S. Green Business Council's Gold-level certification for Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED). Creating shareholder value in the current environment means that we must continue to be laser-focused on our key priorities ­ driving performance, effectively deploying our cash, and optimizing our portfolio. Our record over the past several years shows great progress in these efforts. I'm also extremely proud of how our team has come together to drive performance improvements in our business, making tough decisions that have positioned us to be successful well into the future, while maintaining our high ethical standards. I'm delighted to be working with our company's talented team as we continue to create long-term sustained value for our shareholders, customers and employees.

WES BUSH

Chairman, CEO and President
March 30, 2012

NORTHROP GRUMMAN 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

PAGE 1

