DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

Northrop Grumman delivered strong results in 2010, demonstrating that across all our businesses, we are improving performance and building a track record of consistent execution. We believe our company is well positioned to continue creating value for our shareholders and customers.
Earnings per share from continuing operations for 2010 increased 39 percent to $6.77 per diluted share. Higher segment operating income and higher segment operating margin rate drove this EPS growth. We view these metrics as key measures of our operational performance and we showed substantial improvement in 2010. At year-end, total backlog was more than $64 billion. New awards for the year totaled $30 billion. Before discretionary pension contributions net of taxes, 2010 cash from operations continued to be strong, totaling $3.1 billion, and free cash flow totaled $2.3 billion. Our strong cash flow, along with the proceeds of the 2009 sale of TASC, allowed us to return a substantial amount of cash to shareholders. In 2010, we repurchased 19.7 million shares for approximately $1.2 billion. We raised our quarterly dividend in 2010 by 9.3 percent -- our seventh consecutive annual increase -- and paid shareholders $545 million in dividends in 2010. We also continued to make investments in the business. We generated these outstanding results while undertaking several strategic initiatives, including the consolidation of our Gulf Coast shipyards; debt restructuring to reduce future interest expense and extend maturities; and ongoing streamlining activities, including our corporate office relocation to the Washington, DC area. We also restructured our incentive compensation plans to drive behaviors that are consistent with our focus on managing risks and improving performance. In addition to these strategic business initiatives, we also remained active in supporting our customers, employees, and communities. We continued to uphold our long-standing tradition of volunteerism and corporate citizenship. We encourage our shareholders to review our annual Corporate Responsibility Report, which highlights our operating standards and values, our commitment to our customers and their missions, the investments we have made in our communities, and our focus on environmental sustainability. On March 15, 2011, we announced that our board of directors approved the spin-off of our shipbuilding business, now known as Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII), to Northrop Grumman stockholders. We are confident that this spin-off of our shipbuilding business will drive future shareholder value and will enable both Northrop Grumman and HII to focus more intently on their respective customers. We are operating in an environment of continued pressure on defense and security budgets globally. It appears that, in the aggregate, Northrop Grumman programs continue to be wellsupported. This reflects our alignment with critical areas of investment such as unmanned systems, cybersecurity, C4ISR, and logistics. In 2011, we will continue to position our businesses to create value in a challenging budget environment; thoughtfully shape our capabilities to better align with the needs of our customers; and continually improve our cost structure, operational execution, and productivity, in line with our customers' affordability and efficiency objectives. We also want to recognize the hard work and dedication of the men and women of Northrop Grumman. Across the company, our employees continue to demonstrate their commitment to performance improvement while undertaking the important strategic initiatives that will position us for a more challenging environment going forward. Creating long-term shareholder value in this environment requires absolute focus on our key priorities -- building on our performance improvements, effectively deploying our cash, and optimizing our portfolio for the future. Northrop Grumman and its employees are firmly committed to these priorities as we continue to generate value for our shareholders, customers, and employees.

LEW COLEMAN
Non-Executive Chairman

WES BUSH
Chief Executive Officer and President March 30, 2011

1

