DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

Northrop Grumman Corporation delivered outstanding results in 2012, continuing to create value for our shareholders, customers and employees through an unwavering focus on performance, portfolio alignment and effective cash generation and deployment.
In 2012 we met or exceeded guidance for every measure. Our financial results reflect the positive impact of superior program performance, cost reductions, affordability initiatives, innovation, and portfolio shaping across our four businesses. Highlights of our 2012 financial performance include increased earnings per share from continuing operations by 5 percent to $7.81 per diluted share; a total backlog increase of 3 percent, to $40.8 billion; and free cash flow of $2.5 billion before discretionary pension contributions. Through share repurchases and dividends, we returned more than $1.8 billion in cash to our shareholders, or approximately 80 percent of 2012 reported free cash flow. To put our company's performance into perspective, since the end of 2009, sales from our continuing operations have declined about 9 percent, due in part to portfolio reshaping. During that same period, our focus on performance has generated a 20 percent increase in absolute segment operating income and more than a 30 percent improvement in segment operating margin rate. As a result, in combination with effective cash deployment, earnings per share from continuing operations have grown by a compound annual growth rate of 20 percent. While superior program performance and portfolio shaping drove much of the improvement, we've also significantly reduced our cost structure. As we look ahead, we continue to see uncertainty with regard to government fiscal policy as well as national security strategy. This uncertainty can be unsettling, but it also provides new opportunities to better position our company through innovative thinking. We have prepared our company to address this challenging environment. We continue to focus our strategy on four key markets where we believe our customers will make investments for the future ­ unmanned systems, C4ISR, cybersecurity and logistics and modernization ­ as well as manned strike aircraft. We also see growth opportunities in international markets. As part of our business and operational strategies and priorities, we continue to seek effective ways to help build and strengthen the communities where we work and live. As we grow our presence in international markets, we will be expanding our community support in those regions as well. Our outreach strategy focuses primarily on education, support for the men and women serving in the armed forces, and local support to the communities where we operate. In 2012, Northrop Grumman and the Northrop Grumman Foundation contributed a total of $33.5 million to philanthropic efforts. We report annually regarding our performance in the corporate responsibility arena. I encourage you to take a few minutes to read our most recent Corporate Responsibility report recapping our milestones and accomplishments in 2012. Our team takes great pride that Northrop Grumman's 2012 financial results demonstrate strong performance in a challenging environment, achieved with the highest levels of ethics and integrity. The employees of Northrop Grumman remain committed to creating shareholder value during these uncertain times, and we are focusing our full attention on driving performance, effectively generating and deploying cash and optimizing our business portfolio. Our record over the past several years shows that we can do this successfully. Thank you for your continued investment in and support of our company.

Chairman, CEO and President
March 28, 2013

WES BUSH

NORTHROP GRUMMAN 2012 ANNUAL REPORT

PAGE 1

