Corporate Profile

Fellow Stockholders
Whether you hold only National Oilwell stock or also invest in our peers, I'm sure by now you are painfully aware of the depressed market environment faced by the oil service industry. Domestic drilling activity is at the lowest level on record and oil prices continue to languish at levels that do not justify increased exploration and production spending. We can't predict when the price of this essential commodity will rebound, but we can manage our business to make a reasonable return in these conditions and position ourselves to produce exceptional results in a balanced supply and demand market. Recovery will occur; it is the timing that is uncertain. Our current focus, therefore, is upon sizing our business for the current level of activity while maintaining our fundamental capabilities. In the short-term, our

National Oilwell is a worldwide leader in the design, manufacture and sale of machinery, equipment and downhole tools used in oil and gas drilling and production, as well as in the distribution to the oil and gas industry of maintepage 02

commitment is to reduce our operating costs, generate cash from our balance sheet and significantly reduce our debt. This will position us to provide for future strategic acquisitions and to emerge from this downturn in a stronger position relative to our peers. We believe the actions we have taken will ensure that we are successful in this effort. Our longer-term commitment to create value by becoming an integral part of our customers' strategy remains unchanged.
page 03

nance, repair and operating products. The Company manufactures and assembles drilling machinery, including drawworks, mud pumps, power swivels, SCR systems, traveling equipment and rotary tables, as well as masts, derricks and substructures. National Oilwell also designs and manufactures drilling motors and specialized drilling tools for rent and sale. Many of the Company's products are designed specifically for applications in offshore, deep land, extended reach and performance drilling. National Oilwell provides distribution services through its network of approximately 125 distribution service centers located in the United States, Canada and near major drilling and production activity worldwide. The Company also offers outsourcing and alliance arrangements that include comprehensive procurement, inventory management and logistics support.

Let me share with you the ways in which we have delivered on both these commitments in 1998 and our plans to continue throughout 1999.

1998 Results. Fueled by oil prices in the $16­26 per barrel range, drilling activity was high during 1997 and the beginning of 1998. Many customers placed orders for equipment to be delivered in 1998, resulting in National Oilwell achieving record consolidated results. Revenues of $1.2 billion increased 17% from the prior year, while operating income of $143 million, excluding special charges, grew by 46%. Operating income margins increased from 9.7% in 1997 to 12.2% in 1998. Our Products and Technology Group achieved a 124% increase in operating profit on revenue growth of 80%. Our Distribution Services and Downhole Products Groups, however, were affected much earlier by the worldwide decrease in the demand for oil and the resultant deterioration in hydrocarbon pricing. These groups reported year-over-year revenue reductions of 20%

and 11%. The Company's backlog for capital equipment, which began the year at $270 million, totaled $77 million at the end of 1998. Long-Term Strategy. Throughout the course of the year, we continued to pursue our long-term strategy of enhancing our market positions and focusing on customer economics. During 1998, five new companies were integrated into the National Oilwell fold. · May 1998. Aberdeen-based Specialty Tools Ltd. and Versatech International Ltd. of Calgary, designers and manufacturers of downhole coiled tubing products. · May 1998. Phoenix Energy Products, Inc., a manufacturer of multiple product lines that are complementary to those of National Oilwell, including drilling and completion expendable products and solids control equipment, as well as downhole equipment. This acquisition

FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS

FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS

Joel V. Staff

was financed primarily through the issuance of $150 million in unsecured seven-year senior notes which have a coupon interest rate of 6.875%. · July 1998. Roberds-Johnson Industries, Inc., a manupage 04

New products that increase performance and reduce downtime in offshore, deepwater and deep land drilling were introduced, while others are under development. · Active Heave Compensating Drawworks. As more fully described on page 11 of this annual report, this drawworks is the first offering of a cooperative venture between National Oilwell and Hitec A.S.A. of Norway. This technological advance in the design of drawworks allows for faster and safer drilling operations, as well as reduced maintenance and downtime for offshore rigs. · The National Oilwell 7500 PSI Hydrodynamic System. This new wash pipe packing system dramatically extends the period between packing failures in higher pressure drilling applications. In a recent high pressure field test, the new system ran for 180 hours before replacement was required, versus 40 hours using conventional wash pipe and packing. Our commitment to being the leading provider of supply chain management services and to lowering the total cost of ownership for our customers led to the investment of $7 million in 1998 for the implementation of redesigned processes, hardware, software and training. We will invest an additional $11 million toward this goal

in 1999. At the core of this implementation is a business application system developed by SAP, which will enable us to significantly increase information processing efficiency and respond more rapidly to changing market conditions. Short-Term Strategy. We began taking the steps necessary to ensure our position in the marketplace early in 1998. Capital expenditures totaling $28 million for the year were $5 million below 1997 levels, as capital expenditures that did not have compelling economic justification were canceled or deferred. Decisions were made and implemented to reduce personnel to appropriate levels and to permanently close and sell certain facilities. A special charge of $22 million was taken in the fourth quarter in respect of these reductions and to write down the value of certain inventory. Thus, we enter 1999 structured to ensure continued customer support and the maintenance of our market leading installed base of capital equipment. We will aggressively manage our balance sheet and focus on cash generation and debt reduction, leaving us poised to capitalize on opportunities that arise and to deliver our longer-term strategy of value creation economics. I am

proud to share with you three stories included in this year's annual report illustrating ways in which the employees of National Oilwell successfully pursued this strategy in 1998. These stories are a testament to our
page 05

facturer of equipment used on deepwater drilling rigs, including modular packages for production facilities, small platform drilling rig packages, mud tank and engine packages and other fabricated equipment. Roberds also has a full rig-up facility with employees experienced in the engineering and construction of conventional land drilling rigs. · December 1998. DOSCO, a major Canadian oilfield distribution business, which we are combining with our existing Canadian distribution business. With thirteen overlapping locations, this combination consolidates the Canadian market and enhances our offering of inventory procurement and supply chain management services. We also continued to deliver new drilling technologies, designed to lower the cost required to produce attractive returns from exploration and production, and made substantial capital investments in information technologies that will enable the process changes that create value for us and our customers.

employees' creativity, innovation and dedication. As the industry recovers, all stakeholders will be the beneficiaries of their commitment. I end this letter in tribute to James T. Dresher, who passed away on February 28, 1999. Jim served as a director of the Company since January 1996 and also as a member of the audit committee and Chairman of the compensation committee. He was a dedicated and valued member of the board, and the directors, management and employees of National Oilwell would like to express our great respect and gratitude for his service. He will be missed.

Sincerely,

Joel V. Staff Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 1999

