Fellow Shareholders:
 In sitting down to write this letter, it is impossible not to think back to the world we faced 12 months ago when I last wrote to you. As you will undoubtedly recall, the U.S. economy seemed to be unraveling in front of us, our rail loadings were plunging, and we had no real idea where the bottom might be or how we would be able to respond to what was clearly going to be the worst economic recession that any of us had seen.  What a difference a year makes! Today our national economy, while in no way recovered, is far more stable. At Norfolk Southern, we have a much clearer picture of our own economic outlook and can act accordingly. More importantly, I'm very happy to say that the people of NS responded in true Thoroughbred fashion. Our 2009 results, while down, were much better than I had feared they might be at the beginning of last year.  Our 2009 volumes were down 19 percent compared to 2008, a decline that quite frankly I'm not sure we would have thought possible a few years ago. Volumes were down in all of our business groups, and our company was particularly affected in some of the areas that are the traditional strengths of the Norfolk Southern franchise: international containers, steel, autos, and coal for power plants. Among the few bright spots were our growing ethanol business and our domestic intermodal traffic. The domestic intermodal business, which is driven by the conversion of domestic highway truck traffic, is a particularly good story in that while it was essentially even with 2008, those results were far better than most of the conventional trucking market, an indication that we continue to grow market share with our intermodal service products. I've written before of the advantages we have in the face of systematically higher fuel prices and the increasing congestion and state of disrepair of the nation's highway system. Our 2009 domestic intermodal results indicate that more and more of our customers continue to recognize those advantages.  The overall decline in volume and reduced fuel surcharge revenue as a result of lower oil prices in 2009 produced total revenues of $7.969 billion, a decline of $2.692 billion, or 25 percent, compared to 2008 revenues. Volume- and fuel-related revenue declines were offset to some extent by our continued ability to make core pricing gains above the rate of inflation, a strong indication that customers continue to recognize the value of our superior service products. One thing we understand very clearly at Norfolk Southern is that we are a service company, and we remain relentlessly focused on continuous improvement of our service offerings.  On the expense side, we did a good job of managing our cost structure to conform to business levels, not an easy thing to do in a networked company such as NS with a relatively high percentage of long-term variable or fixed costs. Total railway operating expenses were down $1.570 billion year-over-year, a reduction of 21 percent, driven primarily by lower fuel prices, but with significant reductions in all other controllable expenses as well. The result was a 36 percent reduction in income from railway operations, with net income of $1.034 billion, down 40 percent year-over-year, and earnings per share of $2.76, down 39 percent year-over-year. The railroad operating ratio for the year was 75.4, compared with 71.1 for 2008. This is obviously a negative result in a metric that we pay a lot of attention to, but, as I stated earlier, given the magnitude of the volume decline that we experienced year-over-year, I believe that it was an excellent result and a tribute to the whole Norfolk Southern team. Beyond our financial results, in 2009 we continued to make strides in our two primary areas of focus: safety and service. In safety, I am delighted and proud to report NS was awarded its 20th consecutive E. H. Harriman Gold Medal for employee safety as the safest of the major U.S. rail carriers. The safety of our employees and the communities we serve is the single most important priority of everyone in our company, and in many ways our safety ethic defines the culture of our company. Winning the Harriman Gold Medal again is a tribute to the dedication and hard work of every Norfolk Southern employee, but I can tell you that while they acknowledge the recognition, they know there is more to be done. Our goal is no injuries and no fatalities every year.

TO STOCKHOLDERS

 2009 also saw continued improvements in our service products. A few years ago, we devised what we call our composite service index, a weighted index based on three primary metrics that define our service delivery: on-time train performance, connection performance for the cars going through our terminals, and how well we adhere to our operating plan. We set the performance bar pretty high ­ for example, we measure every road train, including coal trains and Amtrak, and we penalize early as well as late trains ­ and we made the index a component of our annual performance bonus metrics, just to make sure that everyone stays focused on it. In 2009, our composite service metric improved by 2.4 percent. As with safety, this improvement is a real tribute to the dedication and hard work of our Operating Department employees in a year that saw significant ongoing changes to our operating plan as we adjusted to the business slowdown. Also, as in safety, we know we can still do much better, and we're determined to make significant progress in 2010.  In last year's letter, I outlined the key strategies that we would continue to employ in the face of the downturn. The first was disciplined cost control, relying on our superior technology to quickly design and implement new operating plans to handle our declining traffic at lower costs without harming customer service. The second was to continue to invest in key projects to drive business growth, promote new technologies for further efficiencies, and keep our infrastructure and assets in a state of good repair. The third part of our strategy was to continue aggressively pursuing new business opportunities wherever and whenever we could.  Even in the face of the recession, we made significant gains in each of these areas, and these same strategies will drive our continuing success in 2010 and beyond. While the short-term economic outlook remains somewhat uncertain, the longer-term prospects for Norfolk Southern and the railroad industry remain very bright. We go into the new year with some positive momentum. Our traffic levels increased sequentially in both the third and fourth quarters of 2009, and we're confident many of the cost efficiencies we achieved in 2009 will remain in place as we see rail traffic continue to increase.  In addition, we continue to make excellent progress with our corridor strategies. The Heartland Corridor, our bridge and tunnel clearance project that will create the shortest, fastest double-stack route between Hampton Roads and the Midwest, is on schedule to be completed by mid-year 2010. Our new Pan Am Southern joint venture with Pan Am Railways for the route between Mechanicville, N.Y., and Ayer, Mass., was finalized in 2009, and we already see transit time improvements and traffic growth resulting from the investment. Finally, we continue to gain public support for our Crescent Corridor initiative to create new high-capacity, truck-competitive intermodal service between the South and the Northeast. The Crescent Corridor will provide significant growth opportunities for our company, while providing enormous public benefits in terms of less highway congestion, reduced diesel fuel consumption, and lower emissions. I believe that it's one of the best examples anywhere of ways to address our nation's transportation problems in a realistic, cost-effective, and environmentally responsible manner, and I'm happy to report that more and more public policy leaders are sharing that view.  The greatest threat to our continued growth and prosperity is also in the public policy arena, and that's the threat of changes to the regulatory framework that governs our economics. There are longstanding challenges to that framework by a limited number of shipper groups who are willing to sacrifice the long-term health of the rail network for lower rates in the short term. We'll see a lot of activity in Washington on this issue in 2010, but I believe that Congress ultimately will vote to encourage and expand our industry and not to consign it to the dark days that existed prior to the Staggers Act of 1980.  In summary, your company withstood the economic shocks of 2009 to produce good economic results, and I go into 2010 with a sense of optimism for our future prospects. At its core, my optimism is driven by my belief in the people of Norfolk Southern. They're the best in the business, and it's great to be one of them.

Norfolk Southern's management team (left to right): Don Seale, executive vice president and chief marketing officer Jim Squires, executive vice president finance and chief financial officer Mark Manion, executive vice president and chief operating officer Wick Moorman, chairman, president and chief executive officer Jim Hixon, executive vice president law and corporate relations Deb Butler, executive vice president planning and chief information officer John Rathbone, executive vice president administration

 Wick Moorman Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

