

Dear Fellow Stockholders
2006 marked another outstanding year for Norfolk Southern. Our company continued to generate exceptional financial results driven by superior operating performance, and by a continuing strong demand for rail transportation. For the third consecutive year we posted record results in terms of revenue, volume, income, and earnings per share. Our operating ratio for the year was 72.8 percent, a full 2.4 percentage points lower than 2005. We were able to increase the dividend by 42 percent, and during the course of the year we repurchased 21.8 million shares of our common stock as an indication of our confidence in the strategic direction of our company. As the 2006 results indicate, the market for rail freight transportation in the U.S. remains strong, and we believe that there are significant opportunities for further growth ahead. This annual report tells the story of how we were able to achieve our 2006 results, and how we're planning for the future. The central theme is "Thoroughbred Success Through Service," because quality service has been and will be the key to our long-term success. In the following pages, we highlight the three critical partners essential to the services we provide: our people, our customers, and the communities we serve. Norfolk Southern people are the heart of our company, and they continue to do a remarkable job, setting new records in performance every year. First and foremost, we continue to be the safest workplace in the rail industry. For 17 consecutive years, Norfolk Southern has earned the E.H. Harriman Gold Medal for employee safety, and we all remain committed to a goal of zero incidents and zero injuries.
chairman, president and chief executive officer

Customers are the second essential partner, and we are working hard to improve every component of our customers' interactions with our company. New systems are being developed to improve and simplify customer interactions, and we continue to add capacity and improve our equipment to serve their growing needs. Finally, we continue to work with the communities we serve to foster industrial and economic development, to protect the environment, and to be good corporate citizens. More and more government and public policy leaders at all levels are recognizing that rail transportation must remain healthy and expand if the nation's economy is to continue to work efficiently and grow. 2006 also marked my first full year as the CEO of Norfolk Southern, and I can think of no higher honor or privilege than to serve in this role as the representative of the over 30,000 people who make up our company. The credit for our successes goes entirely to them, and in particular to the senior management team with whom I have the pleasure to work. They are outstanding managers, as well as great people, who make coming to work every day a real pleasure. Working together, we will all continue to work to make Norfolk Southern the safest, most customer-focused, and successful transportation company in the world. Sincerely,

