Fellow Shareholders:
While a foolish consistency may be the hobgoblin of little minds, the first thing that I do every year in preparing to write this letter is to look back and see what I said in the prior year, with the belief that a consistency of communication and purpose is a valuable asset in the management of our company. I also just like to see how close I was to getting it right! In our last annual report, I reported that the economy was beginning to show signs of recovery from recession, but while we had a much more clear picture of our own economic outlook, my crystal ball wasn't sharp enough then to predict that 2010 would be our secondbest year ever for earnings. In fact, we had a very strong year. Aided by the continuing recovery and by our own internal initiatives, we profitably grew the business, invested in the franchise, generated record free cash flow, and produced attractive returns for our shareholders. Our overall 2010 volumes were up 14 percent and with growth across almost all of our broad mix of commodities. Coal volume was up 10 percent as demand rose for domestic and global steel, and as power plants restocked across our network. Intermodal volume was up 16 percent, driven by economic recovery and conversions from the highway. A 14 percent growth in general merchandise volume was led by record agricultural shipments and higher volumes of steel and metal products. Higher demand for our transportation services plus improved revenue per unit led to our secondhighest revenue year, an increase of 19 percent over 2009. Coal and merchandise revenues were up 20 percent, and intermodal was up 17 percent. On the expense side, we experienced an increase of 14 percent. Overall, our expense control remained strong, with most expenses up in line with the increased number of trains operated. The exception was fuel expense, which accelerated as fuel prices increased in the second half of the year. We also were impacted on both the expense and the revenue side by more severe weather than usual, both early and late in the year, particularly in the more southern parts of the system. Our system also was affected by the stronger than anticipated volumes, in that we were at times somewhat understaffed in terms of train and engine service employees. We responded by re-instituting a strong recruitment and training program, resulting in an increase in our train and engine service head count in the second half of the year. We are now seeing substantial numbers of newly hired conductors getting promoted out of training, which is good news given the volume growth that we are expecting for 2011.
Norfolk Southern's management team (seated, left to right) Deb Butler Wick Moorman Don Seale (standing, left to right) Jim Squires Mark Manion John Rathbone Jim Hixon

Message To Stockholders

In spite of the increase in expenses, we posted an operating ratio of 71.9, our second-best operating ratio since the Conrail transaction, improving by 5 percent compared with 2009. Most of our standard measures of efficiency ­ volumes vs. crew starts, gross ton miles per employee, revenue ton miles per employee, and carloads per employee ­ reflected the operating leverage inherent in an efficient rail network. We firmly believe that these efficiencies can be maintained and improved, and we are committed to making further improvements and continuing to lower our operating ratio. Looking beyond our financial results, I am particularly proud of the record safety performance achieved by our team in 2010. They demonstrated continuous improvement quarter to quarter and in the fourth quarter posted an injury ratio of .68 and ended the year with an estimated .89 ­ levels we have never before attained. It is a remarkable tribute to the dedication of our people to ensuring that we conduct our business safely ­ safely not only for all of us at Norfolk Southern, but for our families, our customers, and for the communities we serve. The thing about Norfolk Southern people is that they really do care about each other. Call it a cliché if you want, but that's the way it is, and they show it every day out on the track, in the locomotive cabs, in the shops, in the offices, and at home.

Those volume expectations are also supported by our investments in corridor initiatives that are giving us increased rail capacity to handle growth while reaping safety and environmental benefits for the public. We opened the Heartland Corridor in 2010, and supported by a $105 million TIGER grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation, we will continue work on the Crescent Corridor in 2011, with key investments in new terminals in Alabama, Tennessee, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania. With these programs, Norfolk Southern is the leader in developing public-private partnerships that improve the nation's transportation infrastructure. From that leadership perspective, we'll continue making progress as well on key projects such as the MidAmerica Corridor and the CREATE project in Chicago. As we work through 2011, we continue to be concerned about the possibility of regulations and legislation that could diminish our ability to earn the adequate ­ but by no means excessive ­ returns that enable us to improve our infrastructure, hire employees, and do our part to support the American economy. It astonishes me that today ­ 30 years after the Staggers Act so successfully freed railroads to compete ­ there remain those who would return us to the dark old days of unreasonable regulation and a weak, ineffective, unsafe rail network. While the threat seems to be slightly diminished for now, we will remain fully engaged with policymakers everywhere to aggressively make the case that a healthy, vibrant rail system is good not only for all those we serve, but even more important, for our country as a whole. In closing, I look ahead with optimism. Our people

We will continue to do the right things to serve our customers and communities and to reward our shareholders for the trust you have placed in us.

We are committed to applying the same world-class standard to our customer service. As I mentioned, in 2010, our traffic growth exceeded our expectations in some areas, and it was a challenge to get resources in place to handle the growth. At Norfolk Southern, we are committed to providing the best customer service in the railroad industry, and we are devoting substantial resources to ensure that we continue to do so. Our aggressive hiring program is part of that initiative, as is our addition of new, more fuel-efficient locomotives and other technology that helps us run safer, smarter, and faster. We're sizing the rail system correctly for the volumes we expect throughout 2011 and beyond, in what I believe will continue to be a growing market for our transportation products.

are the best, period, and as I say every place that I go and in this report every year, I am proud to be on their team. As highlighted in the title of this annual report, our possibilities are virtually infinite. In that spirit, the people of our line will make the best use of the business opportunities that come our way, and we will work to create new opportunities at every turn. We will continue to do the right things to serve our customers and communities and to reward our shareholders for the trust you have placed in us.

Wick Moorman Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

