DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS:
While 2015 was a challenging year for our entire industry, Norfolk Southern has taken decisive and deliberate action to capitalize on significant growth opportunities within our unique network. During this time, we achieved near all-time best service levels and began to implement a strategic plan to drive further improvements. In the face of challenging domestic and global markets, we streamlined operations while leveraging our core competencies in customer service and reliability. Following a comprehensive six month evaluation, our new leadership team recently launched a strategic plan to deliver enhanced shareholder value and to generate superior shareholder returns through solid execution of our operating strategy. This year was particularly important for me as I was appointed chief executive officer, a role that I enthusiastically embrace. Norfolk Southern has a deep bench of talent, and the board of directors, leadership team, and I are singularly focused on driving value and delivering shareholder returns through solid execution of our operating strategy. 2015 Financial Results and Key Initiatives Our 2015 financial results reflected economic headwinds from low commodity prices, a strong U.S. dollar, and operating challenges. We achieved revenues of $10.5 billion, which was 10 percent lower than 2014, driven by a 64 percent reduction in fuel surcharge revenues and a 3 percent decline in traffic volume. Freight volumes dropped 3 percent, driven by a 16 percent decline in coal traffic. General merchandise traffic volume was about even with 2014, and intermodal volume was up slightly over the prior year.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
(left to right)

ROBERT A. BRADWAY DANIEL A. CARP KAREN N. HORN MARTIN H. NESBITT STEVEN F. LEER JAMES A. SQUIRES ERSKINE B. BOWLES AMY E. MILES MICHAEL D. LOCKHART JOHN R. THOMPSON WESLEY G. BUSH
Not Pictured:

THOMAS D. BELL, JR.

Income from railway operations declined 19 percent, and our operating ratio increased to 72.6 percent. Both numbers include expenses from consolidating our Roanoke office building and restructuring our Triple Crown Services subsidiary. Our expenses decreased 5 percent in 2015. Net income of $1.6 billion was down 22 percent, and earnings per share of $5.10 were down 20 percent. Disciplined Cost Control Initiatives Against this challenging backdrop, the refocused strategic plan to drive profitability and growth in 2016 and beyond that our new leadership team spearheaded took on greater significance. Our plan is a strategic framework for long-term value creation, but our immediate focus has been and will continue to be on cost reduction. In 2015, we closed our Roanoke office building and consolidated or relocated approximately 500 positions. We restructured our Triple Crown Services subsidiary to sharpen our intermodal strategy and boost profit. We reduced capital spending during the year to adapt to the shifting economic environment. And, given changes in our coal business, we expanded our rationalization of track in the coalfields and moved forward on the idling of a major lake coal terminal and the consolidation of two operating divisions.

This year we expect to achieve productivity savings of $130 million through disciplined cost control and asset utilization. Annual savings will grow to more than $650 million by 2020. The projects we accomplished in 2015, together with the initiatives we are undertaking over the next five years, will position Norfolk Southern to achieve our long-term financial goals. As we drive profitability and returns, we will maintain our commitment to returning substantial capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Norfolk Southern has a record of 134 consecutive quarters of paying a cash dividend on our common stock. In 2015, we paid out more than $700 million in dividends and invested $1.1 billion in share repurchases, while continuing to invest in our infrastructure. Service Drives Efficiency and Growth Fast, reliable service is not just essential to our customers; it is a competitive advantage for Norfolk Southern and the U.S. economy. By the end of 2015, we had returned Norfolk Southern's service to near all-time best performance levels. With our improved service, we achieved a faster railroad that enhances our capacity and the value of our product to our customers. Maintaining a high level of service is important to all of the customers we serve; it is especially critical in the service-sensitive markets in which we have made significant investments, have a solid presence, and have substantial growth opportunities. A faster railroad lowers costs, benefits our customers, and, simply put, is more profitable. Importantly, Norfolk Southern is not content with simply meeting our customers' needs as they exist today.

ABOVE: Norfolk Southern's

largest train classification yard, at Bellevue, Ohio, was renamed Moorman Yard in June 2015 in recognition of Charles W. "Wick" Moorman, who retired as CEO June 1 and as a director Dec. 31.

To that end, we completed our acquisition of the Delaware & Hudson Railway Company's line between Sunbury, Pa., and Schenectady, N.Y., which improves our ability to serve markets in the Northeast. Past experience indicates that our overall volume will grow relatively in line with the economy. Looking ahead, we have designed a strategic plan to generate long-term, profitable revenue growth from pricing, increased volume associated with general economic growth, and a focus on high-growth, service-sensitive markets. At the same time, that plan is flexible so that we can realize additional cost savings if required by market conditions. Engagement with Local Communities The most important obligation we have to the communities in which we operate is to operate safely. Ensuring that our employees and customers ­ and their friends and neighbors in the communities in which they work and live ­ are able to return home safely every day is both good for the community and good for business. We do so by safely serving our customers and upholding the highest standards of operational excellence. We are partners with our customers and communities in fostering local development. Norfolk Southern assisted 93 industries in locating or expanding their business along our rail lines in 2015. The 61 new and 32 expanded industries represent an investment of $4.2 billion by Norfolk Southern customers and are expected to create 6,200 new jobs in the railroad's territory. They will generate more than 85,000 carloads of new rail traffic annually for Norfolk Southern.

LEFT: A double-stack

intermodal train arrives at Norfolk Southern's Memphis, Tenn., yard, renamed Harris Yard in September 2015 in recognition of Deborah Harris Butler, who retired Oct. 1 as executive vice president planning and chief information officer.

ABOVE: An automotive train emerges from the

Belden Tunnel in New York on the 282-mile former Delaware & Hudson Railway Co.'s South Line, acquired by Norfolk Southern in September 2015. The acquisition enhances rail freight options in Pennsylvania, New York and New England.

It is our corporate responsibility to minimize the environmental impacts of our operations on the communities we serve, and in 2015, we maintained and built upon Norfolk Southern's continuing leadership in corporate environmental stewardship. Importantly, in Atlanta and Chicago, we unveiled the nation's first of a new class of rail yard locomotives to reduce emissions in urban areas. The Right New Management with the Right New Plan to Deliver Shareholder Value Our senior leadership team has completed a significant transition during the past year. Alan Shaw succeeded Don Seale as chief marketing officer; Cindy Earhart succeeded Deb Butler as chief information officer; Mike Wheeler succeeded Mark Manion as chief operating officer; and I became chairman upon the retirement of Wick Moorman. Together with Marta Stewart, our chief financial officer, and Jim Hixon, who heads law and corporate relations, our team is laser-focused on streamlining operations, accelerating growth, and enhancing shareholder value.

OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM
(left to right)

JIM HIXON MARTA STEWART JIM SQUIRES CINDY EARHART ALAN SHAW MIKE WHEELER

Looking to 2016, we are poised to achieve significant annual expense savings while maintaining Norfolk Southern's ability to secure revenue growth. We are executing a clear strategic plan to drive enhanced profitability and shareholder returns. This is an important time for all of us at Norfolk Southern. The company's board, management team, and dedicated, hard-working railroaders are focused on delivering superior shareholder value in 2016 and beyond. Thank you for your investment in Norfolk Southern and the confidence you have placed in our board of directors, leadership team, and dedicated employees.

