2005 FINANCIAL RESULTS – A SOLID YEAR
 A Greeting from Richard A. Fennessy, President and
Chief Executive Officer
Dear Stockholder,
Thanks to our valued teammates, clients and partners, 2005 was a successful year for Insight. We made significant progress
against each of our 2005 goals and objectives, which were designed to fuel the transformation of our business from an IT
product provider to an IT solutions provider. In 2005:
• Insight Enterprises grew with the industry, growing consolidated annual net sales by 5.8 percent;
• Insight Enterprises improved operating profitability; and
• Most importantly, Insight Enterprises significantly strengthened the foundation of our business, enabling us to more easily, efficiently, and successfully achieve our stated objective of gaining profitable market share.
 STRENGTHENING THE FOUNDATION IN 2005
While 2005 was a very successful year for Insight, our most notable achievement was strengthening the foundation of our business to accelerate our transition to a solutions provider. Among the most important accomplishments were:
We redefined our vision to more accurately reflect our strategic direction, and more clearly state who we want to be as an organization. Historically, our vision has been “to be the best source of computer products and
services for business.” This vision for the company was the catalyst for developing our historic product-based transactional business model. The new vision is “to be the trusted advisor to our clients, helping them enhance their business performance through innovative technology solutions.” This new vision for Insight has been embraced across the organization and now serves as the guiding light for the continued transformation of our business to
a solutions-based, relationship-focused business model.
We introduced new values to support our new vision and to clarify who we are. Our new values are:
• We exist to serve our clients;
• We respect and take care of each other; and • We act with integrity in all we do.
These values set the tone for Insight’s culture and strengthen the overall Insight experience for our teammates, clients and partners.
We flattened our organizational design, increased our operational efficiency and significantly strengthened our leadership team. We changed over 30 percent of the leadership team to ensure experienced people
were in key positions to lead our business to new levels of performance.
We enhanced our People and Development policies and practices to improve the Insight teammate experience. We implemented changes in benefits, compensation programs, performance planning, skills training and career development. As a result, we reduced attrition
in many of our business areas, and we improved our overall teammate satisfaction compared to last year.
We expect these dynamic programs to continue to lower attrition, improve productivity and increase satisfaction rates in 2006.
We invested in our IT systems, committing to an upgrade to mySAP Business Suite, which will fuel continual improvements in our operational efficiencies. We have invested in building a new skills-development program, called Insight World Class, focused on enhancing the skills of teammates throughout the organization so
we can truly maximize our role as a trusted advisor to
our clients. And, we have invested in growing our marketing organization and marketing spend. The marketing investment has facilitated greater Insight brand-awareness and increased alignment with our key partners across the geographies in which we do business.
    
  2006 – VISION, STRATEGY AND FOCUS ON EXECUTION
In 2005, Insight clearly moved in the right direction. Therefore, in 2006, we will continue to focus on the goals and objectives that led us in 2005, with only minor variations. Our 2006 goals are:
1. Drivealastingcompetitiveadvantagebyenhancingteammate,clientand partner relationships;
2. Improvethe“InsightExperience”throughe-enablement;
3. Acceleratesalesandservicesskillstosupportourtrustedadvisorstrategy;
4. Increaseclientacquisitionandpenetration;and
5. Growrevenuefasterthanthemarketandachievenon-GAAPoperatingmargin of 4 percent by Q406, excluding equity compensation expense.
For each of our goals, we have developed detailed plans to drive the continued transformation of our business into an IT solutions provider. For example, we have aligned the entire executive team’s compensation around three key financial metrics: net sales growth; operating margin; and diluted EPS. Our 2006 Cash-Based Incentive Compensation Plan is tied directly to net sales growth and achievement of operating margin targets. Our 2006 Equity-Based Incentive Compensation Plan issues restricted stock units, with the majority being performance-based restricted stock units tied to attaining our 2006 diluted EPS target.
There is new energy and enthusiasm at Insight as we continue our evolution to a world-class solutions provider. Recognizing the dynamic business environment in which we and our clients work, we will continue to transform. We are aligned, focused and motivated to ensure 2006 is a great year for Insight, our teammates and our stockholders.
Sincerely,
Richard A. Fennessy
President and Chief Executive Officer Insight Enterprises, Inc.
             