To Our Stockholders:
The year 2001 represented another successful year for Insight Enterprises, Inc. Although sales growth and profitability were lower than prior years, we are pleased with the positive contributions made by both of our operating units, Insight Direct Worldwide, Inc. and Direct Alliance Corporation. Despite a challenging economic environment, we continue to execute on proven strategies that we believe will increase stockholder value in the future.

In our seventh year as a public company, we:

1)	maintained annual sales in excess of $2 billion;
2)	completed two international acquisitions, each of which secured our number one position to our target customers in its respective market;
3)	adjusted our operating model to reflect current economic conditions by lowering, primarily through natural attrition and performance-based metrics, the number of sales and non-sales employees;
4)	closed our German operation in order to focus our European efforts exclusively on our United Kingdom operations; and
5)	were named to Forbes' Platinum 400 Ranking, a listing of the biggest and best companies in America, for the third consecutive year.

We accomplished all of this while we strengthened our position as both a leading global direct marketer of brand named computers, hardware and software and a leading global provider of outsourced business process services.

Consolidated net sales for the year ended December 31, 2001 increased two percent to $2.08 billion from $2.04 billion for the year ended December 31, 2000. This continues our track record of sequential net sales growth since inception. We achieved this increase in a market environment in which IT spending by businesses was declining and the economy was further shaken by the tragic events of September 11th. Consequently, we are quite confident that we continue to take market share away from our competitors.

Proforma net earnings decreased 22% to $43.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2001 from $56.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2000. Reported net earnings decreased to $33.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2001 from
$56.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2000. This decrease can be attributed primarily to the fact that we had an operating model that was geared for our strong historical net sales growth rates, which we adjusted for declining demand in the later half of the year. The difference between pro forma and reported net earnings related to acquisition integration expenses, expenses related to the closure of our German operation and costs related to our aborted attempt to spin off Direct Alliance Corporation.

Insight Direct Worldwide, Inc., our global computer products direct marketing business, grew net sales three percent to S1.98 billion in 2001 from $1.93 billion in 2000. Pro forma net earnings, however, decreased to $33.4 million in 2001 from $48.7 million in 2000. As mentioned above, the primary reason for this decrease was the fact that Insight had a business model geared for stronger net sales growth. Consequently, operating expenses as a percentage of net sales were out of line and Insight made a concerted effort during the second half of the year to reduce operating expenses. During the fourth quarter of 2001, Insight acquired direct marketers in both the United Kingdom and Canada. As a result of these acquisitions, Insight is the largest direct marketer of computer products to the small- to medium-sized business in both markets, and we believe we are uniquely positioned to further capitalize on our global presence.

Direct Alliance Corporation, our global outsourcing business, had another strong year. Direct Alliance grew net earnings from
$7.6 million in 2000 to S10.2 million in 2001, a 35% increase. Sales decreased 8% year over year from S110.9 million to S102.5 million as a result of Direct Alliance's successful completion of  its  transition  from  revenue-based  programs  to  service  fee based programs. Direct Alliance continues to be a strong contributor to the overall results of Insight Enterprises, Inc.

Our past investments both domestically and internationally have set the stage for a bright future. As we enter 2002, we are cautiously optimistic about the overall economy but are confident that we have positioned ourselves for continued success. The environment at Insight Enterprises, Inc. is one of excitement and enthusiasm as we forge ahead into 2002.

As always, thank you to our stockholders, customers, alliance partners and employees. These valued relationships are the backbone to our continued success.

Tim Crown, CEO and Director
