  Insight Enterprises, Inc.
 Timothy A. Crown Chief Executive Officer
Dear Stockholders, Customers, Vendors and Employees,
During 2002 and continuing into 2003, economic conditions continue to affect the IT industry,
and many businesses worldwide have either tightened or frozen their IT budgets. This motivated us
to examine our business model and refine our vision of the next wave of industry change. Although the timing is uncertain, a rebound in IT spending is inevitable. But, customer needs have been evolving and the industry is being challenged to identify new approaches to satisfy those needs. We are preparing to satisfy and potentially influence the evolving customer needs in our industry.
We believe the marketplace is shifting from a primary concern with product pricing toward an appreciation that, when certain services are provided with the products, the customer can achieve a complete technology solution. The ability to offer a wide range of product and service solutions in a timely and efficient manner will be important to our ability to expand our market penetration as businesses increase their rates of investment in new and updated technology.
In 2002, we undertook the challenge of growing our business through a major acquisition. We added both scale, and advanced service capabilities in North America. As a result of the acquisition, we increased our presence with larger corporations, government entities and educational institutions. We also continue to focus on our historically targeted customer group of small-to-medium-sized businesses. This strategic move enabled us to redefine our business model and position the company for sustainable long-term growth. We have made great strides integrating this acquisition into our Insight North American operations during 2002 and will concentrate in 2003 on completing system conversions and maximizing efficiencies. These are not easy tasks, but I believe we will complete them successfully by the end of 2003 and achieve an even more efficient operating model as we enter 2004.
Insight North America’s new business model extends beyond straight product resale to provide total technology solutions. We still offer competitively priced products, but now, with our advanced integration and custom configuration labs, we are able to offer additional layers of advanced service and financing options, customized
to individual customer needs. We continue to invest in our sales force and our relationships with customers and vendors. We are also capitalizing on our internal “Centers of Excellence” which maintain dedicated personnel and conduct continual training focused on specialized topics in hardware, software and service categories. Although we remain challenged by the current environment of political and economic uncertainty, we are extending the benefits of our acquired service capabilities throughout all of our customer groups.
Our offerings have risen to a level above directly comparable industry competitors. We believe this provides a distinct advantage in the marketplace. We are deploying new marketing strategies and branding initiatives to increase customer awareness and highlight the breadth of capabilities that differentiate us from our competitors.
We continue to pursue our commitment to global expansion. Despite some U.K. integration issues in the second quarter, we ended the year with strong new management in Insight U.K. We have refined our European focus and are targeting the small-to-medium-sized business customer, since we believe this to be the European market segment with the fewest barriers to entry and the greatest opportunity for market penetration. Our Direct Alliance subsidiary continues to sustain enduring relationships with its manufacturing clients. Direct Alliance managed to perform well despite the sluggish economy, and is now offering multi-lingual, multi-currency capabilities that assist its clients as they expand into European and Asian markets.
As you review our annual report, you will be assessing our past performance, weighing it against the present, and making calculated predictions about our future. We perform a similar analysis in the development of our business strategies. During the past 14 years, the success of Insight Enterprises has been based on our anticipation of industry changes and marketplace needs. Strategically timed changes to our business model have enabled the Company to grow from a small reseller of hard drives to one of the leading providers of IT products and services. While we learn from our past successes, we understand that we must continue to look ahead and be proactive in order to stay competitive and optimize returns for our stockholders.
We anticipate that Insight Enterprises will be ahead of the curve as it cultivates a growing following of business customers seeking the efficiency of a single source for total IT solutions. We hope to see positive changes in the economy as 2003 unfolds, and we thank our employees, customers, vendors and stockholders for believing in the vision of Insight Enterprises.
Sincerely,
Timothy A. Crown
CEO, Insight Enterprises, Inc.
ANNUAL REPORT 2002
      