  Dear Insight Investor,
As IT spending continued its rebound throughout 2004, Insight Enterprises enjoyed a year of record sales and profits. Even more importantly, it was a year where significant steps were taken to assess and strengthen the core elements of our business model. We brought in new leadership and built capabilities to enable our transition beyond product fulfillment to include the delivery of technology solutions. We believe our solutions focus will continue to address changing marketplace needs, enable continued acceleration of our 2004 growth and ensure the health of our business.
Every year the IT industry evolves and 2004 was no exception. It was also a year of change for Insight. Early in the year, we strengthened our Insight – North American leadership team in the areas of product management, services and marketing. In November, we welcomed our new President and Chief Executive Officer, Rich Fennessy, a 17-year veteran of IBM. Most recently, Rich lead the ibm.com organization, IBM’s direct telesales and web channel operating in over 80 countries throughout the world. Under his leadership, ibm.com experienced significant growth and today is a major demand generation and fulfillment channel for IBM’s products and solutions. Rich brings a wealth of IT industry experience, proven leadership and team- building strengths that will drive Insight Enterprises’ next stage of growth.
Insight changed in other important ways, as well. We revamped our marketing strategy to feature a solutions-based value proposition. We created a new Services Division focused on the development of our capabilities to design and deliver IT product and services offerings to our customers. We implemented a series of enhancements to our web and e-commerce functionality to ensure a best-in-class customer experience.
As we review 2004, we feel a strong sense of pride and an even greater optimism for where we are heading in 2005. We have set goals higher than ever, but aiming high is business as usual at Insight.
MEETING 2004 OBJECTIVES
We are pleased to report that in 2004 we met our major goals, including accelerating demand generation, increasing client satisfaction and further developing our capabilities in services and solutions. These efforts were rewarded with consolidated annual sales of $3.1 billion and net earnings of $80.5 million, resulting in year-over-year growth in net sales and net earnings of 7% and 113%, respectively.
The rallying cry in 2004 was to turn “Insight OUT” and focus on our clients. This included enhancing our understanding of marketplace needs, arming our employees with the right training and tools to uncover client needs and building capabilities to provide the right solutions to address those needs. “Insight OUT” was an ambitious enterprise-wide undertaking, and, thanks to its success, we made significant progress in migrating to our solutions-based business model.
AIMING HIGH IN 2005
Relationships
In today’s marketplace, the essence of competition has shifted from what companies do, to how companies do it! In Insight’s business, the how depends on the quality of relationships and relentless focus on operational excellence in daily execution. Therefore, for Insight to realize full potential in the marketplace, a 2005 focus is on enhancing employee, client and partner relationships. These relationships are integral to the successful evolution of our solutions-based business model.
Enhancing what we call “The Insight Experience” is the overarching strategy for 2005. Everyone who does business with Insight should be delighted with the experience, including employees, clients and our supply partners.
   A Greeting from Richard A. Fennessy, Chief Executive Officer and Timothy A. Crown, Chairman of the Board, Insight Enterprises.
    
  The strategy begins with our employees. A satisfied and productive workforce is a prerequisite for improving Insight’s client relationships. Our initiatives are focused on: skills development and training; career path definition and succession planning; and leadership incentives tied to improved employee satisfaction. We believe that satisfied employees are motivated to provide superior client service.
There is a similar focus on our clients. When clients are delighted, they buy more, remain loyal and spread the word. Several specific initiatives are designed to enhance our clients’ experience. Foremost is providing technology solutions that address client needs. We are also enhanc- ing the purchasing process to save our clients time and money. Our overall focus is to deliver valuable strategic IT solutions that streamline technology management and costs, all within a delightful client experience.
Finally, we are working closely with our partners to grow our mutual businesses. We revamped our go-to-market strategy to drive solutions, which will translate into new business and greater profitability for both Insight and our partners. Further, our partners can focus on their core competencies because we provide a superior outsource option to augment their selling model through Direct Alliance. This results in enhanced partner relations and drives co-investment in Insight’s business.
In 2005 and beyond, Insight is committed to strengthen- ing quality relationships with all three groups which we believe will result in significant improvements in overall financial performance. That is why our overarching goal in 2005 is that “The Insight Experience” be a great one for employees, clients and partners alike.
A Solutions-Focused Business Model
Another goal for 2005, already well in motion, is to continue to expand and strengthen our IT solutions offer- ings. The philosophy is simple: Suppliers who approach their clients from the standpoint of solving business problems, not simply selling products, will flourish. This has been Insight’s direction for some time, and 2005 is our year to solidify our role as a provider of IT solutions and advanced IT services, as well as products. This is an evolution, not a revolution: reliable IT product fulfillment will remain at the heart of our business, to which our expert consultation and services will add measurable value.
We have identified five core solutions areas: Print ITSM, Secure ITSM, Manage ITSM, Store ITSM and Mobilize ITSM. By being focused on particular solutions, we will accelerate development of additional solution and service capabilities and be in the best position to exceed clients’ expectations. Our objective is to interact as trusted advisors and solutions providers with our clients. We can help solve their business challenges with afford- able, innovative solutions. Insight “owns” the solution from start to finish, an important differentiator in our competitive industry.
Working with our partners to provide complete solutions was an evolution. A strategic acquisition in 2002 afforded us the infrastructure to deliver custom solutions, including complex integration and total project management. Since then, providing solutions has become an integral part of our business, especially for our large clients. Our 2005 focus is to tailor these solutions to small- and medium- sized businesses, a key market that especially stands to benefit from affordable IT services. To spread the word, Insight has committed to its first-ever US nationwide advertising campaign in 2005, and will be holding road shows throughout the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom to familiarize clients with our expanded solutions capabilities.
Our solutions-oriented business model has been met with strong enthusiasm by supplier partners, who recognize that it will open doors to new, joint business opportunities. Our clients have been equally enthusiastic. For example, an e-mail security solution specifically tailored to small- and medium-businesses, launched in late 2004, is already protecting thousands of users, who have been delighted with its affordability and ease-of-use.
Onward and Upward
Our goals for 2005 are ambitious and attainable, and the hard work and strengths in core business elements achieved in 2004 will help us get there. We will drive growth in sales and profitability by increasing client acquisition and penetration, delivering and supporting a range of new solutions and continuing to enhance “The Insight Experience”. Our work in 2004 laid the foundation for success and 2005 is the time to execute. We are showing the world even more of the strong character and competencies of Insight. We are confident our solutions-oriented business model will add unique value to our proven product fulfillment capabilities and further differentiate Insight from the competition.
The future is bright. We have the people, the expertise, the partnerships and the infrastructure to deliver our strategies and to accelerate growth in 2005.
Sincerely,
Richard A. Fennessy
President and Chief Executive Officer Insight Enterprises, Inc.
Timothy A. Crown Chairman
Insight Enterprises, Inc.
   