Fellow Shareholders
Administaff’s strong financial position, dedicated staff and proven business model enabled
the Company to perform successfully against a backdrop of historic economic challenges
in 2008. During the past 12 months, Administaff improved client retention levels, realized
record client satisfaction ratings and substantially grew its sales staff while achieving
excellent financial results.
We enter 2009 with an operating plan designed to profitably manage through the recession
and intend to leverage our fiscal strength to take advantage of opportunities created by this
demanding business cycle.
2008 Financial Performance
Revenues for the year increased 9.8 percent, to $1.7 billion, due to a 6.0 percent increase in
the average number of worksite employees paid, as well as a 3.6 percent increase in revenues
per worksite employee per month. The continued growth of the Company, as indicated by these
results, also reflects record client satisfaction levels of over 93 percent for the year.
Gross profit increased 12.4 percent to $343.7 million, and the Company reported net income
and diluted net earnings per share of $45.8 million and $1.79, compared to $47.5 million and
$1.74 in 2007. The negative impact of lower interest rates alone reduced interest income,
increased workers’ compensation costs and increased the Company’s effective income tax rate,
thereby reducing earnings per share by $0.19 share for 2008. Excluding the impact of lower
interest rates, earnings per share would have reached $1.98, near the top end of our implied
EPS range forecast at the beginning of the year.
During 2008, we repurchased $38.1 million of the Company’s shares. In August, the Company
announced an 18 percent increase in the quarterly dividend, from $0.11 to $0.13 per share,
and as a result paid dividends totaling $12.4 million for the year. We generated $87.7 million
of EBITDA and ended the year with working capital of $98.4 million. Improved Client Retention
At the start of 2008, we initiated a companywide effort to improve client retention. When we began
the program, many of the economic challenges of 2008 had yet to be revealed, but the sensitivity
of our staff to this important initiative and the subsequent ideas submitted by employees proved
extremely worthwhile. This aggressive plan of action resulted in a year-over-year improvement in
client retention of 12.6 percent in the face of a weak economy.
Record Client Satisfaction Levels
The 12-month average response for our 2008 client satisfaction survey produced an overall
rating of over 93 percent, representing the highest level in the Company’s history for this key
metric. Results of this magnitude reflect the daily commitment to client service across our entire
organization and would be noteworthy at any time, but even more so during the economic
turmoil of 2008. Not only does this achievement support our efforts to improve client retention,
but it is also an important measurement of success in a time when human resources needs
increase in response to a more challenging business environment.
Increased Sales Staff
W
e entered 2009 with more than 335 trained sales representatives, the largest sales force in our
23-year history, representing a 20 percent increase over the 278 sales staff at the start of 2008.
While the number of trained sales personnel is the key leading indicator for the future growth of
a company, our increase in this area going into 2009 positions us to increase sales activity levels
and therefore moderate the effects of any significant layoffs within our client base.
In closing, I want to express management’s genuine appreciation for the dedication, service and
commitment of our corporate employees during these difficult economic times. Because of their
faithful support, Administaff has been able to continue making its suite of HR services one of the
most comprehensive and valuable offerings in the marketplace today. In addition, the counsel
provided by our Board of Directors has helped guide the Company through a volatile 2008, while
maintaining focus on achieving our corporate goals. Administaff looks forward to proactively
meeting the challenges of 2009 and advancing the Company across a variety of fronts.
Sincerely,
Paul J. Sarvadi
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 24, 2009