4 | ADMINISTAFF
  FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
Two thousand and one was a year of continuing achievement despite tough tests for our Company. In a recessionary economy still rife with uncertainty, Admin- istaff emerged from 2001 a stronger enterprise than it was at the beginning of the year. We grew our revenues, expanded our sales and service capacity, held the line on operating expenses and stayed the course of our long-term plan. We are pleased with our results and are poised for greater strength in the year that is unfolding.
Our financial performance reflects those facts. Revenues reached $4.4 billion, an 18 percent increase over 2000. Total gross profit was $165 million, a 19 per- cent increase. Average monthly gross profit per work- site employee was $198, a 6 percent increase. Net income was $10.4 million, or $0.36 per diluted share. Excluding non-recurring charges, pro forma diluted earnings per share were $0.62 for the year. In addition, we took steps to enhance shareholder value by repur- chasing 900,000 shares of Administaff common stock at a total cost of $21.6 million.
Clearly, these accomplishments took place in a year of challenge. Layoffs generally exceeded new hires among our client companies and financially-related client terminations increased. In the face of those obstacles, I cannot overemphasize the importance of our success in continuing to produce unit growth. While much of the nation’s business community was contracting, we were expanding.
We proved that an effective ramp-up of sales capacity, coupled with a powerful marketing message, could produce growth without compromising pricing even in the toughest of times. During the year, we increased our number of trained sales consultants by 30 percent. By year’s end, we had 36 offices in 19 markets, which approaches the halfway point in our
90-office, 40-market national expansion program. Because of these efforts, our average number of work- site employees paid per month rose nearly 12 percent over the prior year.
We believe that our increased sales capacity is a leading indicator of our future growth, and our highly successful year-end sales efforts clearly demonstrated that potential. Before September 11, we had set an aggressive goal to sell new accounts representing 16,000 worksite employees during our Fall Campaign. We exceeded that goal, achieving 106 percent of our sales target. In December alone, we sold new accounts representing more than 6,000 worksite employees – without giving way on pricing, and despite the strug- gling economy and the temporary disruption caused by our change in health insurance carriers.
We also continued to expand and make major refinements to our service offering. A number of serv- ice enhancements launched in 2001 are boosting client satisfaction while simultaneously creating opportuni- ties for operating leverage.
In April, we launched WebPayroll,SM an Internet- based system that reduces the need for data entry personnel and significantly lowers the amount of time required for our payroll specialists to perform transactional activities. By the end of the year, 51 per- cent of our clients were already using the system to input the payroll data for more than 55 percent of our worksite employees.
  HAVE YOU HEARD ?
ADMINISTAFF NAMED ONE OF AMERICA’S MOST ADMIRED COMPANIES
HOUSTON - February 19, 2001 - Administaff, Inc. (NYSE: ASF) is listed as one of America’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune magazine for the third consecutive year. The Company ranked among the top four businesses in the Outsourcing Services Category. The rankings were based on eight criteria, including financial soundness, quality of products and services, long–term investment value, quality of management, employee talent, social responsibility, innovativeness and the use of corporate assets.

Letter to Shareholders 2001 ANNUAL REPORT | 5
    2000
62,140
1999
42,479
2001
69,480
2001
$4,373
2001 2000 $0.62
$0.58 (pro forma)
1999 2001
$0.34 $0.36
(as reported)
Diluted Net Income Per Share
 2000
$3,709
1999
$2,261
              Average Number of Worksite Employees Paid Per Month
Revenues (in millions)
 Also in April, we offered our larger clients a new service that is designed to enhance their shareholders’ return. This tool – the Watson Wyatt Human Capital Index – helps companies gauge how well they perform various HR practices, including areas such as recruiting excellence, clear rewards and accountability, and a mutually respectful workplace. By completing a simple but comprehensive survey, client companies can learn how they compare to other companies and what steps they can take to improve their HR performance in areas that can positively impact their market value.
In September, we expanded our eService platform with the launch of the Employee Service Center.SM This interactive Web site consolidates and expands what we previously delivered through Administaff Assistant® and bizzportSM into a co-brandable, fully customizable site for each client and employee. Now, every Admin- istaff client has immediate access to the kind of employee service center that many large companies spend hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of dollars developing and operating. We believe this helps further distinguish our clients as employers of choice.
Along with the launch of the Employee Service Cen- ter, we introduced online enrollment for new employees at client companies. This capability streamlines new employee orientation and benefits enrollment, and
makes the entire process simpler, faster and less costly. At the same time, we expanded our eUniversity online course offerings to include introductory, intermediate and advanced training in a variety of Microsoft appli- cations, including Word, Excel, Outlook, FrontPage, PowerPoint and Projects.
One of the biggest challenges and most significant accomplishments of 2001 was the transitioning of our health insurance carriers. In November, we took steps to replace Aetna U.S. Healthcare with a new network of carriers, effective January 1, 2002. This network includes an array of best-of-class providers, including United- Healthcare, which serves as our anchor carrier, along with PacifiCare, Kaiser Permanente and Blue Cross/Blue Shield of Georgia. Importantly, the network makes Administaff and our client companies less dependent on any one carrier. It also improves our health care service and coverage options, and gives us greater flexibility to meet client and worksite employee needs.
On balance, 2001 was a year of solid achievement for Administaff, producing several important accolades:
• In February, Administaff was named one of Amer- ica’s Most Admired Companies by Fortune magazine for the third consecutive year. The Company ranked among the top four businesses in the Outsourcing Services category.
 HAVE YOU HEARD ?
ADMINISTAFF RECOGNIZED AS AN EMPLOYER OF CHOICE
HOUSTON - October 19, 2001 - Administaff, Inc. (NYSE: ASF) has been named by the Houston Business Journal as one of the city’s Best Places to Work, ranking fourth in the large company category. Earlier in the year, Administaff was named to the 2001 Employers of Choice 500 list, a national ranking conducted by Employment Review and BestJobsUSA.com.
  
6 | ADMINISTAFF
  • In April, we were listed on the Fortune 500 list of America’s largest companies. Administaff is now ranked number 448, up from 615 on the Fortune 1000. The Company also is listed among the top five companies in the Diversified Outsourcing Services sector and was among the top 20 companies in all three categories used to benchmark the “most bang for the buck.” Those categories included revenues per dollar of assets, revenues per dollar of equity and revenues per employee.
• In January 2002, Administaff was named to the Forbes magazine Platinum 400 list of the Best Big Companies in America. As part of this ranking, we were recognized for posting the highest five-year average earnings-per-share growth rate (55.9 percent) in the Business Services category.
Together, these important milestones represent a great way to celebrate 15 years in business and five years as a public company. As we move into 2002, we have a high level of confidence in our business model and are cautiously optimistic about the economy.
With an expanded sales force and the momentum of our record-setting fall selling season, we expect con- tinued revenue growth through increased unit volume. Our target small business prospects are facing the like- lihood of profit pressure and ballooning costs for health care, unemployment and workers’ compensation insurance. We expect that our proven ability to manage those costs will be more attractive than ever.
In addition, we will continue to enhance the quality and scope of our service offering for the benefit of both clients and worksite employees. These efforts will support our goal of helping our client companies strengthen their role as employers of choice. We are proud that Administaff has been recognized both locally and nationally as a great place to work, and we are dedicated to helping our client companies achieve that same distinction.
In assessing our prospects for 2002 and beyond, I see extraordinary market opportunities, and I am con- fident that the challenges and accomplishments of 2001 will play a key role in our future success. Our proven business model will continue to allow us to grow and add value to the enterprise for the benefit of all stakeholders.
I would like to close these remarks with three important acknowledgements.
The first is to our employees. In an internal survey, 86 percent of our corporate employees said they viewed their position with the Company as a calling and impor- tant to the Company; an opportunity to do what they do best. This high-level commitment is reflected in the hard work they perform as a dedicated team to get the job done every day.
The second is to the members of our manage- ment team. Their strong leadership skills contributed greatly to our continuing progress despite the chal- lenges of 2001.
The third is to the members of our Board of Direc- tors. Their expert guidance and unwavering support continue to be tremendous assets as we drive our business forward.
Sincerely,
Paul J. Sarvadi
President and Chief Executive Officer March 8, 2002
   HAVE YOU HEARD ?
ADMINISTAFF NAMED ONE OF BEST BIG COMPANIES BY FORBES
HOUSTON - January 7, 2002 - Administaff, Inc. (NYSE: ASF) is included for the third time on the annual Forbes Platinum 400 list of the Best Big Companies in America. In addition, Forbes has recognized Administaff for posting the highest five–year average earnings–per–share growth rate (55.9 percent)
in the Business Services category.
