Shareholder Letter
It is an honor to author my inaugural Eversource Energy CEO letter to shareholders. I am immensely proud of the success our company has achieved in 2016. As one of the top utility companies in the industry, we continue to deliver strong operational and financial performance. We are doing great things here at Eversource, and we are challenging ourselves to do even more.

We continue to rank in the upper tier in the electric industry for overall system reliability year after year. That is because we pride ourselves on our level of investment in our smart, resilient and safe electric and gas systems. Our electric customers can continue to count on us for reliable power, thanks in part to nearly $2 billion in capital investments in our distribution and transmission systems in 2016, an increase of about 11 percent over 2015. We also significantly increased capital expenditures associated with our natural gas system, investing close to $300 million in 2016 to install new pipes and equipment, and connect more customers. This represents a 55 percent increase in our annual level of investment since 2013. We added more than 10,000 new natural gas space heating customers in 2016 for the fourth year in a row, as natural gas remains the heating fuel of choice in Massachusetts and Connecticut. In addition to residential expansion, we expect to grow our natural gas investments through conversion of non-residential customers, new regional gas transmission, and enabling fuel cell development. I am particularly pleased that this system work was done safely, as 2016 saw Eversource achieve its best safety performance ever as a company, with top quartile results. I am personally committed to a strong safety culture, as I consider the safety of each employee my top responsibility. I am proud that we continue to embed safety in all that we do for employees, customers and the public. Our focus on customer service also remains paramount. In 2016, we continued to reshape and enhance customers' experience in doing business with us. We unveiled a new preference management platform, putting customers in the driver's seat as to how they want to hear from us, pay their bill, or receive information during storms. We also moved all customers to an easier-to-read bill, which was revamped top to bottom with customer feedback. Both of these improvements are leading customer satisfaction indicators in our increasingly information-centric society.
2

Also in 2016, Eversource was named the number one energy e ciency provider in the nation by Ceres, a non-profit advocate for sustainability leadership. This is an incredible achievement that speaks to our company's commitment to a sustainable energy future for our region. We invest more than half a billion dollars annually, about 7 percent of revenues, in an array of residential and business energy e ciency measures, which are designed to save 12 billion kWh of electricity and 125 million therms of natural gas over their lifetimes. Over the long-term, these programs will ultimately translate into over $1.5 billion in total customer benefits--savings equaling enough electricity to power 1.5 million homes for a year and enough natural gas to heat 130,000 New England homes for a year. For families, those savings mean more relief in their overall household budget. For businesses large and small, those savings incentivize them to become more e cient, and allow them increased ability to invest and expand. In 2016, despite some challenging headwinds, we reported earnings of $2.96 per share, an increase of more than 5 percent over 2015 recurring earnings. That growth is consistent with our long-term projected annual earnings per share growth rate of 5 to 7 percent, which is among the most attractive growth rates in the utility industry. We raised our

common dividend by 6.6 percent in 2016 to an annualized rate of $1.78 per share, and in February 2017 we announced a 6.7 percent increase in the common dividend to an annualized rate of $1.90 per share. Our total return to shareholders in 2016 was 11.6 percent, in line with the S&P 500's total return of 12 percent over the same period. This is the seventh time in eight years that we have provided shareholders with a double-digit return. Only four other companies in the EEI Index have provided double-digit shareholder returns as consistently as we have since 2009. When it comes to our credit ratings, no other electric utility peer matches our profile. In 2016, Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings raised their credit ratings on multiple Eversource operating subsidiaries, while Standard & Poor's also raised its outlook on the Eversource family of companies from stable to positive. This follows Standard & Poor's 2015 upgrade of the corporate credit rating for the Eversource family of companies to "A," tops among our industry peers.
3

As the leading energy company in New England, Eversource also is extremely proud to support the communities where we live and work through strategic charitable partnerships, local giving, employee volunteerism and economic development opportunities. In 2016, Eversource proudly supported an array of charitable organizations across New England. While each may have a distinct mission, all share a common purpose with Eversource: building healthier, stronger communities. Our employees are our biggest champions when it comes to community outreach. We continued to see substantial employee involvement and support for our work in the community in 2016, as

Eversource employees and their family members o ered over 15,000 hours of their time and talent to participate at local Eversource-sponsored volunteer days, and at one or more of our marquee charitable events: the Eversource Hartford Marathon, the Eversource Walk for Boston Children's Hospital, the Eversource Walk & 5K Run for Easterseals New Hampshire and the Special Olympics Connecticut Winter Games. Employees also give generously each year to our United Way Campaign. Eversource and our employees are leading partners in New England when giving to United Way, and in fact we are the number one ranked contributor to that organization in New Hampshire. Thanks to another solid year from our company in 2016, we are poised for further success. With positive financial results and robust, innovative operational performance as our foundation, we will continue to make the smart investments that advance our customer service, community outreach and clean energy leadership, and will enable us to be recognized as the top energy company in the country. For our customers, we will continue to innovate, whether it's with our daily customer service and interactions, the information we deliver, or our ability to anticipate what customers want. The goal is simple: make it easy to do business with us--every transaction, every time. In the clean energy arena, we will be the catalyst for change and opportunity in New England. Northern Pass Transmission, our partnership with Hydro Québec, one of the world's largest generators of hydroelectric power, will infuse clean, renewable hydro power from Canada into New England. Bay State Wind, our newly announced partnership with Danish Oil and Natural Gas, the world's largest and most successful developer of o shore wind generation, proposes the first large-scale o -shore wind farm in

North America. It has the potential to power one million homes. Access Northeast, our joint venture with Enbridge and National Grid, will increase our much-needed natural gas capacity and infrastructure in the region. Finally, in 2017, we expect to invest approximately $200 million in utility-scale solar development in Massachusetts. In the community, we will continue to provide broad, meaningful support by leveraging our existing investments, and focusing on developing additional charitable partnerships. Providing superior customer service encompasses so much more than our core business responsibilities, and I believe we are uniquely positioned to make a lasting, positive impact in our communities. Looking back over the past several years, we have accomplished some significant milestones. We have an incredibly talented and diverse group of nearly 8,000 women and men working at Eversource. Our financial standing is stronger today than ever before. Our electric systems are more reliable and our gas business has grown faster than at any time in decades. Our customers increasingly tell us we are a reliable provider of energy. We continue to partner with our states to drive investments in clean energy technologies. We have invested time and dollars in support of our charitable partnerships. We are a strong team, a great place to work, and a leader in both our industry and in the communities we serve.

Thank You Tom
We would like to give a special thanks to Tom May as he steps down from our Board of Trustees in May 2017. From your colleagues and many friends at Eversource, Tom, we thank you and wish you the absolute best as you retire. Under your leadership and care, Eversource developed into the industry-leading utility it is today. With passionate commitment to customer and community service, and an unwavering focus on operational and financial excellence, you set the standard for success.

4

