  Ten Years Ago,
Network Appliance was founded with a vision to provide a simple solution to a complex business problem—fast, simple, and reliable data access. Today, we are an industry leader and one of the top storage companies in the world. Our goal is to provide our customers with simple, innovative solutions that meet the wide range of requirements from their corporate data centers to their extended enterprises.
Throughout our history, we have proven our ability to provide innovative and cost-effective solutions to meet the business needs of our customers. Fiscal year 2002 was no exception. This year we introduced more products and technology than in any previous year, and enhanced every software product in our portfolio. The hard work and dedication of the NetApp® team resulted in the latest release of our core software, Data ONTAPTM, being the most robust and reliable software release in our history. The products we delivered this year significantly enhance our solutions for data management; data backup, recovery, and protection; data availability, business continuance, and disaster recovery; and Web content storage, distribution, and access.
Continuing our history of innovation, we introduced three new technologies. The first is a new product category called NearStoreTM, providing an extremely cost-effective solution that is a fully protected, disk-based complement to traditional online storage and tape architectures for backup, archiving, and storage of massive amounts of data. The second is a new solution for high-performance database application acceleration called Direct Access File System (DAFS). And third, we introduced our first storage area network (SAN) products to complement our industry-leading network-attached storage (NAS) products. Today, customers must choose between different network storage architectures to support the varying data access requirements of their applications. By integrating these two data access methods into a single common operating environment, Network Appliance offers customers the flexibility to build a storage infrastructure that provides their applications with the data access they require and makes the most of their information technology investments.
In addition to engineering and innovation, we focused our marketing efforts on strengthening our partnerships and developing vertical industry expertise. Our partnerships and the resulting solutions with other industry leaders such as Accenture, Computer Associates, EDS, Fujitsu-Siemens, IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, Rational, SAP, and Veritas reduce
the costs, time, and effort required for deployment by seamlessly integrating our solutions into our customers’ existing computing environments.
Our focus on vertical industries has greatly increased our penetration into new markets and allowed us to diversify our customer mix across several targeted markets. At the time of this writing, 10 of the top 10 Fortune Global 500 companies are NetApp customers in the telecommunications, major manufacturing, financial services, and high-technology indus- tries. In addition, 9 of the top 10 life sciences companies and 8 of the top 10 energy companies are NetApp customers.
Completing the picture are customer service and support. During the past year we focused on extending and enhancing our support offerings to provide our customers with continuous support around the globe. As evidence of our commit- ment to the highest-quality service and support, all four of our Global Support Centers have received the Support Center Practices (SCP) certification, which is an internationally recognized standard created by the independent Service & Support Professionals Association (SSPA) as a recognized quality certification for support centers. In addition, we recently completed our biannual customer satisfaction survey with Burke Customer Satisfaction Associates, in which we ranked in the top 1% of companies in the computer hardware and services industries as surveyed by Burke. We are very proud of our results, which reflect our commitment and dedication to customers around the world.
Fiscal 2002 was a challenging year in a difficult environment. We would like to thank our 2,300 employees around the world for their commitment, enthusiasm, and creativity during this past year. And, as always, we thank our stockholders, customers, and partners for their continued support.
As we look toward the future, we will continue to provide unparalleled value through simple and innovative solutions for the changing and complex business problems facing our customers. NetApp’s innovation has revolutionized the storage industry and the way businesses access, store, and manage their information. Our first ten years have been extremely exciting and rewarding. We look forward to our next decade.
Sincerely,
Daniel Warmenhoven
Chief Executive Officer Network Appliance, Inc.
Thomas Mendoza
President
Network Appliance, Inc.
 