DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
I am pleased to report that in 2016 Northern Trust successfully maintained our long history of creating value for our shareholders, clients, partners
and the communities in which we live and work. Our consistent investments in talent, technology and innovation provided exceptional advice and meaningful solutions to our institutional and private clients. Fueled by
the growth in our client franchise, we made substantial progress toward our financial goals. With the U.S. economy strengthening, we are poised to capture additional opportunities to deliver even greater value
going forward.
STRATEGY OVERVIEW
Northern Trust’s strategic plan, which is reviewed and approved annually by the Board of Directors, is based on a focused business model aimed at two attractive – and growing – client markets: global institutional investors and affluent individuals and families. Each segment represents an equal amount of our profitability. Both businesses generate returns on equity well above their cost of capital. Our primarily fee-based business model provides a stable and reliable source of top-line growth, with fees representing 63 percent of revenues.
Our clients benefit from highly personalized expertise supported by technology and global operating processes that create large economies of scale. Strengthened by a prestigious brand built over 127 years,
we deliver every day on our promise to “Achieve Greater.”
Frederick H. Waddell
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Northern Trust delivered a solid financial performance in 2016.
Our revenues grew by $259 million or 5 percent, to $5.0 billion,†
which compares favorably to our direct peers. Trust fees, our largest source of revenues, totaled $3.1 billion, up 4 percent. Fueled by the increase in interest rates that began in late 2015, net interest income grew by 15 percent to $1.3 billion.† Expenses totaled $3.5 billion and grew to support our businesses. We continue to focus on tightly managing expenses. Net income was up 6 percent to $1.0 billion, and resulted in a return on equity of 11.9 percent, our highest since 2009.
Northern Trust’s balance sheet, which supports our clients’ credit and liquidity needs, remained strong in terms of liquidity and capital. We issued $500 million of preferred stock at favorable rates to lock in long-term capital to support our growth. Our capital strategy focuses on retaining the right level of capital to sustain growth and weather stress scenarios, maintaining our top-tier credit ratings and preserving our competitive capital strength. During the year, the U.S. Federal Reserve did not object to our capital plan, allowing us to increase
our dividend and to continue to repurchase stock. In total, we returned $755 million of capital to our shareholders in 2016.
BEST BANKS IN AMERICA
FORBES, 2016
ONE OF THE “WORLD’S MOST ADMIRED COMPANIES”
FORTUNE MAGAZINE, 2016 TENTH CONSECUTIVE YEAR
ONE OF THE “WORLD’S MOST ETHICAL COMPANIES”
ETHISPHERE INSTITUTE, 2016 THIRD CONSECUTIVE YEAR
  2 2016 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation

                 WEALTH MANAGEMENT
ASSET MANAGEMENT
LEADING PROVIDER
  FOR CORPORATIONS, INSTITUTIONS, AFFLUENT FAMILIES & INDIVIDUALS
ASSET BANKING SERVICING
  2016 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation 3

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Our focus on providing holistic advice has been instrumental to our continued success.
WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Throughout 2016, we continued to build on the past success of our Wealth Management business and evolve our approach to helping clients achieve their financial goals. The year ended on a solid note, with Wealth Management revenue increasing by
6 percent.†
Our focus on providing holistic advice has been instrumental to our continued success. By focusing on the purpose of our clients’ assets – which is to fund lifetime goals efficiently – we provide a comprehensive and differentiated approach to
helping clients manage their financial affairs. Clients have responded positively, and assets under management (AUM) using our unique Goals Driven Investing approach increased by 79 percent in 2016 to approximately $21 billion.
Our new mobile app enhances how we provide
our wealth management services by using real-time information to identify and prioritize clients’ goals, convert them to specific strategies and make changes based on life events. The app garnered the Best Initiative of the Year for Relationship
4 2016 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation

Management Technology award from the Financial Times Group, and is just one example of how we are using innovative technology to improve the client experience.
While staying focused on our core business, we also work continually to expand the solutions we offer clients. For instance, recognizing that the busiest professionals need an easier way to find trusted providers, we continued to increase our
BEST PRIVATE BANK IN THE UNITED STATES
FINANCIAL TIMES GROUP, 2016
BEST U.S. PRIVATE BANK
GLOBAL FINANCE, 2016
services to professional service firms by bringing our solutions to their doorsteps. And in an effort to expand our alternative investing capabilities, we collaborated with Blackstone, a leading alternative asset manager, to provide access to private equity opportunities that offer flexibility across asset classes, sectors and geographies.
 9% +
ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT
 3% +
FEES
   6% +
REVENUE
2016 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation 5

                TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
As Northern Trust’s client base has grown, we have expanded our C&IS presence and cemented our leadership standing around the globe.
CORPORATE & INSTITUTIONAL SERVICES
Our client-centric approach, underpinned by our expertise and financial strength, continues to attract new clients and expand existing relationships within our Corporate & Institutional Services (C&IS) business. In 2016, C&IS assets under custody/administration grew 10 percent to $8.0 trillion, while trust, investment and other servicing fees rose 5 percent and total revenue grew 8 percent for the year.†
As Northern Trust’s client base has grown, we have expanded our C&IS presence and cemented our leadership standing around the globe. We now provide services to six of the 10 largest U.K. pension funds, service 33 of the top 100 U.S. public funds and are one of the top three fund administrators and custodians in Ireland. We have doubled our Asia-Pacific investment manager client base since 2014, with
particularly strong growth in Australia, and we continued to build our client servicing capabilities and business development opportunities in South Korea with regulatory approval for our Seoul office’s branch license. The strength of our mutual fund servicing led Ariel Investments to appoint us administrator of its $4.1 billion mutual fund family, while the British Columbia Investment Management Corporation hired us for our longstanding expertise in
managing and safeguarding pensions.
As the line between asset owners and asset managers continues to blur, our ability to seamlessly combine asset servicing and asset management strategies has contributed to holistic solutions that offer leading-edge approaches to changing investor needs – including managing outsourced investment operations,
6 2016 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation

 managing and administering global retirement plans and providing governance and oversight capabilities. For example, we became the first global provider in Saudi Arabia to deliver a local defined contribution (DC) solution and a unique book of record capability. Through our acquisition of the equity brokerage firm Aviate Global and our new partnership with software solution provider BEx, we now offer deeper global equity expertise, distinctive research offerings and enhanced trading efficiency.
BEST GLOBAL CUSTODIAN
% +10
ASSETS UNDER CUSTODY/ADMINISTRATION
  GLOBAL FINANCE MAGAZINE, 2016 5 +%
 BEST INVESTOR SERVICES PROVIDER
R&M SURVEY OF TOP 200 ASSET MANAGERS, 2016
FEES
8%
REVENUE
We are expanding the use of our Omnium platform
beyond our Hedge Fund Services business to provide
middle-office solutions for asset managers and asset
owners. And our expanded capital markets and DC
offerings now support some of our most sophisticated +
 clients globally. For instance, we now provide DC solutions to the $60 billion Universities Superannuation Scheme, one of the largest pension funds in the United Kingdom.
Our technology is a significant factor behind our global growth. By enhancing our flexible, scalable and resilient infrastructure and innovating with cloud, mobile and robotics, we are helping clients manage risk, reduce cost, improve efficiency and boost performance.
2016 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation 7

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Our multi-asset class expertise is core
to our investment management practice and used by sophisticated clients, including high-net-worth individuals and institutional investors, worldwide.
ASSET MANAGEMENT
As a leading global asset manager, Northern Trust continued to deliver robust performance across our range of funds and products in 2016. We experienced strong growth, with total AUM reaching $942 billion by year end.
Our multi-asset-class expertise is core to our investment management practice and used by sophisticated clients, including high-net-worth individuals and institutional investors, worldwide. Deep capital markets analysis powers our asset allocation process, which is accessible across an array of capabilities – including outsourced chief investment officer solutions, target date funds and
tactical asset allocation mutual funds. Since the inception of our current asset allocation process,
our tactical recommendations have outperformed a traditional 60/40 stock/bond portfolio with lower risk.*
During 2016 we continued to drive and accelerate the growth of our FlexShares® ETF business, which reached more than $11.5 billion in AUM by year end – making it among the faster-growing ETF providers in the last five years. We will keep building on this momentum in the years ahead by advancing
our investment pace in ETF product innovation and distribution.
8 2016 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation

                Investor demand for improving portfolio efficacy continued to fuel the growth of our outcome-focused equity solutions and proprietary factor-based Engineered Equity® strategies. By the end of 2016, this product set had amassed more than $50 billion in AUM. Combining our active and passive management, our Engineered Equity approach efficiently captures targeted factor exposures
such as quality, size and momentum. With the launch of our Life EngineeredTM target date funds, we broadened our product reach by providing
DC plan sponsors a new way to access the strategy.
$942B
ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT
 WORLD’S 13TH LARGEST ASSET MANAGER
PENSIONS & INVESTMENTS, 2016**
2ND LARGEST OUTSOURCING MANAGER WORLDWIDE
PENSIONS & INVESTMENTS, 2016**
  Our expansion across geographies has helped us secure significant new business; we expect that to increase as we hire talented professionals in major markets around the world. As we expand our innovative product offerings we will leverage our strengths and global, scalable investment platforms – including proprietary quantitative strategies, alternative investments and fixed income expertise. We remain committed to providing a range of bespoke solutions – active, passive, multi-manager – to meet varied investment needs.
 * Source: Northern Trust, Bloomberg. Performance data from 12/31/2007 through 12/31/2016. The 60/40 portfolio comprises the MSCI ACWI total return and Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate indices, respectively.
**Pensions & Investments 2016 Special Report on Money Managers and Special Report on Outsourcing Managers appeared in the publication’s May 30, 2016, and June 12, 2016, issues, respectively. They also can be found online at www.pionline.com/researchcenter. P&I rankings based on total worldwide assets under management of $875.3 billion as of December 31, 2015, and total worldwide assets in outsourced investment programs of $110 billion as of March 31, 2016. Ranking information reprinted with permission, Pensions & Investments, copyright Crain Communications, Inc.
2016 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation 9

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 ENTERPRISE ENABLEMENT
In 2016, we kept our focus on establishing new capabilities to inspire innovative business solutions while investing in our core capabilities to enable sustainable, profitable business growth. Data security remains our overarching priority and we remain at the forefront of secure transactions and reporting. Throughout all of our business units globally, we are employing emerging technologies and methods to enhance our systems, capabilities and data.
On the innovation front, we continue exploring and piloting new ways to use robotics, natural language and artificial intelligence to deliver increased productivity, higher-value service and enhanced advisory expertise. Just as our relationship approach is key to how we help clients “Achieve Greater,” the same applies to how we innovate. We are leveraging longstanding relationships with clients, service providers, academic institutions and private equity and venture capital firms to chart new territory for how emerging applications can be used in a financial services context.
We are also taking leadership roles with industry organizations and consortia, such as the Association for Financial Markets in Europe, the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication and R3, to promote collaborative market solutions that address client and market needs. One of those solutions in particular – blockchain – shows great promise. We are exploring multiple ways we can unleash its potential power as a distributed ledger technology on behalf of clients.
Our overall success using emerging technologies has resulted in high- profile industry awards for our cloud infrastructure, mobile experience, fund administration data analytics, client reporting and foreign exchange services. By focusing on creating exceptional experiences, delivering leading capabilities and providing maximum protection, we will continue to help our clients achieve their goals.
CIO 100 AWARDS: BUSINESS ANALYTICS
CIO MAGAZINE, 2016
MOBILE EXPERIENCE LEADERSHIP – WEALTH MANAGEMENT
BRAND NEW MEDIA, 2016 THIRD CONSECUTIVE YEAR
AMERICAN FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY AWARDS: BEST INFRASTRUCTURE INITIATIVE & BEST GLOBAL DEPLOYMENT
WATERS TECHNOLOGY, 2016
  10 2016 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation

                 GLOBAL REACH
Founded in Chicago in 1889, Northern Trust has offices in the United States in 19 states and Washington, D.C., and 22 international locations in Canada, Europe, the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific region.
     NORTH AMERICA EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST ASIA PACIFIC 65 CITIES AND AFRICA 11 CITIES
10 CITIES
2016 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation 11

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
OUTLOOK
With the political and regulatory environments changing rapidly, much is uncertain in our current economic landscape. The U.S. Federal Reserve has forecasted a gradual rise in interest rates in 2017, and we predict this will take the form of two interest rate hikes over the course of the year. Early indications are that moderate fiscal stimulus should be forthcoming from the new U.S. presidential administration. The prospects for increased infrastructure spending, if targeted properly to
highly productive projects, will provide additional momentum to the growing
U.S. economy. Overall, we predict real economic growth of a little over 2 percent for the year, although the length of the expansion and the lack of capacity in the labor markets will likely limit progress. However, the prospects for corporate tax reform, including the repatriation of funds invested offshore, have positive upside potential.
The fabric of the European Union (EU) will be stretched further in 2017, with Brexit negotiations in the second quarter elevating uncertainty. While there is a good deal of uncertainty on the terms of a U.K. exit from the EU, we are actively engaged in Brexit planning and have formulated plans to establish a full subsidiary in the EU. We have a meaningful presence in Luxembourg and Ireland and several other locations and are in the process of evaluating the optimal location for us.
With so much uncertainty in 2017, it is important to remember potential global risks, including the threat of inflation to market valuations, China’s trade imbalance and potential regional imbalances due to U.S. fiscal conditions. In this environment, Northern Trust will continue to look for creative ways to gain capital efficiencies, improve service delivery and control expenses, even as we continue to invest in people, technology and regulatory initiatives.
† Revenues and net interest income are presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis, a non-generally accepted accounting principle financial measure that facilitates the analysis of asset yields.
12 2016 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation

THANK YOU
This year, we were pleased to make the appointment of Michael G. O’Grady to President of Northern Trust Corporation. With his deep industry experience, keen understanding of Northern Trust and strong track record of translating vision and strategy into execution, we are confident Mike will contribute greatly to our future success.
Our Board of Directors continued to provide valued guidance and oversight during Northern Trust’s 127th year of solid growth and progress. In addition to Mike O’Grady’s appointment as a director commencing January 2017, we were pleased to welcome new director Jay L. Henderson, Retired Vice Chairman, Client Service, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, and we are already benefitting from his commitment to our future success.
Additionally, after 20 years with Northern Trust, William L. Morrison was elected
Vice Chairman of the corporation. Bill’s long tenure offers a wealth of insight that
will help us grow in targeted markets, attract and retain our key talent and develop deeper and more meaningful client relationships. Bill’s leadership in a variety of roles has been an important part of our success, and we thank him for his many contributions.
We are fortunate for the incredible leadership talent and dedication of our Management Group members, all of whom continue to bring their valuable expertise to Northern Trust.
Northern Trust’s more than 17,000 employees around the world bring enthusiasm and expertise to serving our clients, partners and communities on a daily basis.
I thank them for their contributions to our past success and look forward to our future collective achievements.
Throughout the years, Northern Trust’s business model has been based on serving the world’s most prestigious clients. I extend a warm thank you to our clients for the lasting trust you place in our relationship. We look forward to continuing to meet your financial needs in the years ahead.
FREDERICK H. WADDELL
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER FEBRUARY 27, 2017
2016 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation 13
