 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Northern Trust achieved solid growth in 2015, despite global economic uncertainty and volatility. Our entry into new markets, development of new and expanded client relationships and continued investments in technology better positioned us to support today’s and tomorrow’s clients. We delivered strong financial performance in 2015 while returning significant capital to our shareholders.
We also were recognized for our technology, receiving three first-place awards in mobile, private cloud and analytics. Finally, we culminated our yearlong observance of our 125th anniversary, hosting numerous client and partner appreciation events and committing an additional $1.25 million to charities around the world.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Total revenues of $4.7 billion† were up 8 percent or $367 million, positioning us favorably to our peers. Trust, investment and other servicing fees make up 63 percent of our revenues and are an important driver of our revenue growth. In 2015, they grew by $148 million or 5 percent to $3.0 billion. Net interest income, up $61 million or 6 percent to $1.1 billion†, also showed significant growth both year over year and compared to our peers.
Throughout the year, we remained focused on expense management. Total expenses grew 5 percent, resulting in positive operating leverage of 3.8 percentage points. As a result, net income grew 20 percent, reaching
$974 million. Earnings per share of $3.99 grew by 20 percent. Our return on common equity (ROE), a key measure of profitability, reached 11.5 percent. To put this in perspective, just four years ago our ROE was 8.6 percent. Our focus on improving profitability in a low interest-rate environment served us well in 2015, and we remain committed to further improving our profitability in 2016.
During the year, the Federal Reserve did not object to our capital plan, allowing us to increase our dividend and to repurchase stock. These actions resulted in a return of capital to shareholders of $830 million, resulting in a total payout ratio of 87 percent for the year.
FREDERICK H. WADDELL
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Best Banks in America
FORBES, 2015
World’s Most Admired Companies
FORTUNE MAGAZINE, 2015 – NINTH CONSECUTIVE YEAR
A World’s Most Ethical Company
ETHISPHERE INSTITUTE, 2015
     2015 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation
2

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 CORPORATE & INSTITUTIONAL SERVICES
Our Corporate & Institutional Services business continued growing globally, launching new services to increase clients’ operational efficiency while expanding long-standing client relationships and forging new ones. These efforts led to strong financial results, profitable growth and attractive returns. Assets under custody grew 2 percent, revenue grew 11 percent† and net income increased 26 percent.
We extended our geographic reach across the Americas, as demonstrated by winning our first client in Latin America, where we will supply custody and related services to a $4 billion investment portfolio that supports funding for a local government entity. Our deep expertise, service-oriented culture and streamlined technology enabled us to win a mandate to provide asset servicing to the Wyoming Retirement System, highlighting our ongoing growth in the public funds segment.
In the United Kingdom, our expertise helped London boroughs and the City of London launch the first local government tax-transparent fund to achieve cost savings and economies of scale. We collaborated with the $32 billion Railways Pension Scheme to provide middle-office investment operations outsourcing services to its newly established in-house asset manager. And we were appointed by the $31 billion U.K. Pension Protection Fund to provide a broad range of global custody and related services.
Our existing asset servicing relationships with asset owners and asset managers in Europe deepened when we earned an appointment by Sweden’s $35 billion AP2 Government Pension fund. And by collaborating with the Bank of Taiwan, we now are able to offer Taiwanese institutional investors access to a unique solution combining the Bank of Taiwan’s local expertise and Northern Trust’s global custody and asset servicing capabilities.
We strengthened our client offerings in Australia and New Zealand by adding additional asset management staff in Australia, where we saw a healthy increase in our total assets under management (AUM). We continued our significant growth with the addition of the Government Employees Superannuation Board – or GESB – the largest superannuation provider in Western Australia, and Mercer Super Trust. Both organizations appointed Northern Trust to provide global custody, fund accounting and other value-added services.
We also launched our new CompleteFXTM service, a stand-alone foreign exchange execution service for investment managers that will give our clients the operational efficiency and flexible execution options they require.
Our business serving sophisticated institutions
grew globally as we expanded existing relationships and established new ones with some of the world’s most influential investors.”
MICHAEL G. O’GRADY
President
Corporate & Institutional Services
Best Custody Specialist- Institutional, Asia Pacific
THE ASSET, TRIPLE ASSET SERVICING AWARDS, 2015
Pension Custodian of the Year
CUSTODY RISK EUROPEAN AWARDS, 2015
Mutual Fund Administrator of the Year
CUSTODY RISK AMERICAS AWARDS, 2015
    2015 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation
4

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Our Wealth Management business, where families for six generations have entrusted us to steward their wealth, continued growing and innovating. As a testament to our success in helping clients achieve their financial goals, our financial performance improved across virtually all metrics – revenue, fees, credit quality, net income, AUM, loans, deposits and ROE.
In particular, our revenue was notably stronger in 2015, growing 4 percent† from 2014. Expenses increased 2 percent, well-managed in the context of our revenues. Our performance positioned us favorably against our peers, especially relative to growth.
We achieved meaningful success among existing clients with $10 million or more in investable assets and progressed encouragingly in our ongoing efforts to expand in markets such as New York and Texas. We substantially grew our international business, adding staff to our international private banking centers in Miami, Houston and New York.
Our innovations kept pace with the rapid change in the wealth management industry. We enhanced our Goals Driven InvestingTM capabilities, family education, art lending, business owner initiatives and family office innovations. We also rolled out our fee-based MeridianTM brokerage account for long-term investors and various hedge fund and private equity products.
Providing market insights and ensuring our products perform as expected are only part of the value we bring to clients, especially during volatile markets and an uncertain global economy. We continued adapting and responding to the unique needs of our clients across diverse areas such as environmental, social and governance (ESG) investing, alternative investments, insurance-dedicated funds, timber and more.
Our broad-based success in 2015 came from the insights
we provided clients to support them in optimizing and stewarding their wealth, on a holistic basis, while navigating the ever-shifting capital markets and planning environment.”
STEVEN L. FRADKIN
President
Wealth Management
Best Private Bank for Succession Planning
FINANCIAL TIMES GROUP, 2015
One of the World’s Best Private Banks
GLOBAL FINANCE, 2015
Best Asset Management Firm Serving Family Offices and Private Banks
FAMILY WEALTH REPORT AWARD, 2015
    2015 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation
6

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 ASSET MANAGEMENT
Northern Trust continued to deliver consistent, high-quality investment solutions and launch innovative products to help our clients navigate volatile markets in an ongoing low-yield and challenging environment. With AUM of $875 billion as of December 31, 2015, Asset Management is recognized for its breadth of expertise and as a leading global investment manager.
We established 50 South Capital®, bringing boutique-type experience to our multi-manager private equity and hedge fund solutions. We also grew our customized alternatives solutions for our Global Family Office business and large institutions.
In our factor-based Engineered EquityTM group, we won several sizeable new clients, among them the U.K.’s Railways Pension Scheme, and launched significant new products such as our Quality ESG strategy.
We expanded our outcome-oriented FlexShares® exchange traded funds (ETFs) offering to 22, launching five new solutions in 2015 and reflecting our continued dedication to offer investor-centric ETFs.
Our outsourced chief investment officer business continued its strong momentum, with sizeable wins in Canada and Saudi Arabia and in the U.S. retirement, family office and endowment markets. We also achieved significant success with intermediary distribution and partnerships. These included ABN AMRO and Rabobank in the Netherlands, which leverage our institutional product innovation and expertise in quantitative asset management and asset servicing.
We showed broad corporate commitment to ESG investing, where we manage $60 billion globally and increased our number of client investment mandates by 13 percent in 2015. And we demonstrated industry leadership with the Financial Services Roundtable’s “Save 10” retirement savings initiative.
We continued providing
clients with innovative asset management products, successfully launched new funds and forged or expanded key businesses and partnerships across the globe, all backed by our deep pool of expertise.”
STEPHEN N. POTTER
President
Asset Management
Largest Cash Manager – U.S. institutional, tax-exempt assets managed internally
PENSIONS & INVESTMENTS 2015 LARGEST MONEY MANAGERS REPORT‡
13th Largest Money Manager –
Total worldwide assets under management
PENSIONS & INVESTMENTS 2015 LARGEST MONEY MANAGERS REPORT‡
Best Smart Beta Strategies
ASIA ASSET MANAGEMENT, 2015
   ‡ Pensions & Investments rankings based on worldwide assets under management of $934.1 billion as of December 21, 2014 and are not indicative of future performance. Pensions & Investments 2015 Special Report on Money Managers appeared in the publication’s May 18, 2015 issue and online at www.pionline.com/managers. Ranking information reprinted with permission, Pensions & Investments, copyright Crain Communications, Inc.
 2015 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation 8

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 ENTERPRISE ENABLEMENT
Helping our clients achieve even greater success is at the heart of our operations, technology and product strategy – whether it’s continuing what we’ve always done well, accelerating current developments or positioning for the future.
We advanced our multi-year investment in technology, tools and infrastructure to refresh and improve the efficiency of our foundational processing, accounting and online information access capabilities. Safeguarding our clients’ assets and information, while providing easy mobile access, is paramount. We continued our ongoing investment in cybersecurity by leveraging award-winning implementation of emerging “big data” tools, mobile capabilities and cloud-based technology. Our innovation lab was established to enhance further the client and partner experience, called CPX. Founded on human-centered design principles, our
CPX team is developing and testing new opportunities and channels for client and partner engagement, loyalty and actionable real-time feedback.
We created a specialized group to manage onboarding and change for large complex client relationships and already have seen measurably increased client satisfaction. Our global location strategies continue to help improve productivity and client service. A new office in Manila, Philippines, the opening of our Tempe, Arizona, office and the announcement of a new 2016 location in Pune, India, all position Northern Trust to serve our growing businesses around the world effectively and efficiently.
OUTLOOK
The Federal Reserve Bank, for the first time in nearly 10 years, increased its short-term benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points in December 2015. While this action is expected to benefit Northern Trust and the economy, the outlook for additional increases in interest rates in 2016 will depend on a myriad of economic factors, including further progress on unemployment, the level of inflation and gross domestic product growth. Energy prices remain low, which disrupted some businesses tied to this sector but should provide the consumer with much-needed buying power. The strong U.S. dollar also is expected to have an impact on growth as U.S. companies translate overseas earnings into fewer dollars.
Globally, the picture is mixed, with continued economic headwinds in Europe (where some short-term deposit rates remain negative) and China, which continues seeking a new level of economic equilibrium. Against a backdrop of slow global growth and volatility in emerging markets, the United States – despite beginning 2016 with a near double-digit drop in our stock markets – remains one of the stronger economies in which to invest. We will continue monitoring economic events closely.
At Northern Trust, we remain cognizant of – and vigilant about – the
risks associated with all our businesses. Our additional investments related to cybersecurity, anti-money laundering and compliance with evolving regulatory expectations will assure our clients, partners and shareholders that our business operates within our stated risk appetite.
Leveraging existing capabilities while implementing new opera- tional methods and emerging technologies are central themes
as we continue providing the data, tools and support our clients need to achieve their goals.”
JANA R. SCHREUDER
Chief Operating Officer
Top Wealth Management Mobile Application
BRAND NEW MEDIA, 2015
Best Cloud Initiative – American Financial Technology Awards
WATERS MAGAZINE, 2015
Best Analytics Initiative – American Financial Technology Awards
WATERS MAGAZINE, 2015
    2015 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation
10

 THANK YOU
During Northern Trust’s 126th year of solid growth and progress, our
Board of Directors continued providing valued oversight and guidance. In April, we recognized the retirement from the board of Nicholas D. Chabraja and Robert W. Lane. We also recognized the retirement of two advisory directors: Sir John R. H. Bond and Edward J. Mooney. We are grateful for their service on behalf of our shareholders and will miss their wisdom, insight and good humor.
We also welcomed three new board members: Dean M. Harrison,
Thomas E. Richards and Donald Thompson. Lord Charles D. Powell joined the board as an advisory director. We are pleased with the wealth of experience these directors bring to Northern Trust and are benefiting already from their diverse backgrounds.
Northern Trust’s performance is a result of the collective efforts of more than 16,000 committed and driven employees around the globe. These employees bring insight, expertise and dedication to serving our clients, partners and communities every day. I thank all Northern Trust employees for their contributions to the success of our company this past year and look forward to the opportunities we have together in the years ahead.
We have a deep pool of leadership talent, including the 14 Management Group members who collectively have nearly 400 years of industry experience. We are fortunate to have these individuals leading Northern Trust.
Finally, Northern Trust’s business model is built upon serving the world’s most prestigious clients. Thank you to our clients for the continued trust you place in our relationship. We look forward to serving you with expertise and integrity in the years ahead.
FREDERICK H. WADDELL
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER FEBRUARY 29, 2016
We are proud of the efforts,
the expertise and the leadership provided by our more than 16,000 employees worldwide who bring their strengths together in support of our clients, our communities and our company.”
WILLIAM L. MORRISON
President
† Revenues and net interest income are presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis, a non-generally accepted accounting principle financial measure that facilitates the analysis of asset yields.
 2015 Annual Report | Northern Trust Corporation 11
