                                                                                                                                                                         TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
FREDERICK H. WADDELL
chairman and chief executive officer
WILLIAM L. MORRISON
president and chief operating officer
For Northern Trust, 2013 was a year of continued growth and ongoing investment in our business. We
cultivated many new relationships and expanded existing relationships across our wealth management, asset management, and asset servicing businesses. We also enhanced our capabilities, geographic presence, and office network.
Trust, investment, and other servicing fees, which represent the single largest source of revenue to the company, rose
8 percent in 2013. Total revenues increased 5 percent, reflecting the effects of the ongoing low interest-rate environment.
Our Driving Performance philosophy, instituted two years ago, continued to deliver meaningful value to our clients, shareholders, and partners by improving productivity.
Due to those efforts, we were able to manage expenses while also continuing to invest in our business and respond to the demands of the new regulatory environment.
By the end of 2013, Driving Performance had surpassed our original goal of $250 million. These efforts contributed to a net income increase of 6 percent to $731 million, resulting in a return on equity of 9.5 percent. We continue to make steady progress toward our return on equity target range of 10 percent to 15 percent. Further, we increased our quarterly dividend to $0.31 per share and repurchased 5.5 million shares, returning $609 million
in capital to our shareholders – a 35 percent increase from $450 million in 2012.
WEALTH MANAGEMENT
Northern Trust has provided asset management, fiduciary, and banking services for affluent individuals and families for nearly 125 years. In 2013, our assets under management and assets under custody for Wealth Management clients increased
12 percent and 11 percent, respectively.
The continued rollout of our proprietary Goals Driven Investing methodology contributed greatly to these results. This unique approach to discussing our Wealth Management clients’ goals and aspirations relative to asset productivity led to very strong new business from both existing clients and those new to Northern Trust. This type of innovation is just one of many reasons we were named Best Private Bank for the fifth consecutive year by the Financial Times Group.
 2013 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS | NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION 2

                Ongoing investments in multiple capabilities continue to enhance the Wealth Management client experience overall. In 2013 we expanded our fiduciary, wealth education and planning, and business owner consulting services to provide clients a greater breadth and depth of expertise. We also augmented our Global Family Office offering, increasing resources in London and the Middle East.
The daily experience each client has with Northern Trust is critically important to us, and in 2013 we continued to enhance our interactions with them using new channels and technology. We expanded our efforts to engage clients via social media through the use of Twitter®, YouTube®, and LinkedIn®. Technology is part of our everyday client experience, with our new smart phone and tablet-based remote deposit capture and WealthPath® applications, and redesigned Private Passport® capabilities providing more avenues of communication.
CORPORATE & INSTITUTIONAL SERVICES
Our Corporate & Institutional Services (C&IS) business produced strong growth in our client base as we continued expanding our global footprint and developing broader and deeper capabilities to help clients meet their needs. New business success around the world, coupled with strong financial markets, led
to an increase in C&IS assets under custody of 17 percent to $5.1 trillion, while our C&IS trust, investment, and other servicing fees rose 8 percent.
We expanded into new geographies
in 2013, establishing offices in Frankfurt, Germany, and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. In early 2014, we opened a representative office in
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and later in the year will open a new operations center in Manila, Philippines. Northern Trust’s expanding footprint of 18 offices outside the United States reflects our efforts to strategically locate our expertise and talent to best serve our clients.
In 2013, we worked to bring
creative business ideas to our clients
and the marketplace, delivering original solutions for data analytics, regulatory requirements, and shadow accounting. Our collaborative approach of working alongside clients to develop solutions to their asset servicing needs gives us a strong competitive advantage – helping us earn new relationships such as Danish pension fund Arbejdsmarkedets Tillægspension, Emory University, and J O Hambro Capital Management, and deepen our relationship with Allianz Global Investors.
ASSET MANAGEMENT
Northern Trust’s asset management expertise is deep, global, and growing. With $884.5 billion in assets under management, we bring innovative solutions to our clients’ investment needs across numerous asset classes and through a variety of vehicles. Our strong investment culture leverages fiduciary, asset allocation, advisory, and quantitative expertise – including more than 300 partners worldwide with the designation of Chartered Financial Analyst.
FlexShares®, our successful family of exchange traded funds (ETF) that launched in September 2011, grew to more than
$6.7 billion in assets by the end of 2013. FlexShares is now the 15th largest ETF sponsor in the United States. We also
letter to shareholders
  2013 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS | NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION 3

                grew our defined contribution business, which exceeded $100 billion in assets under management by year end, while our target date funds exceeded $5 billion. Internationally, our assets under management exceeded $180 billion.
OUTLOOK
Northern Trust’s long-term outlook continues to be very positive. The market for our services continues to expand as the wealth of our personal and institutional clients is created and invested around
the world.
In the near term, however, we face continued challenges from cyclical and secular trends, such as the continued tepid economic recovery and increasing risk and compliance requirements.
Low interest rates dampened our revenues by narrowing the spread we earned in 2013 and reducing fees received on our money market funds, an environment
we expect will persist through 2014 and beyond. At the same time, increased regulation is driving our expenses higher due to the increased resources required
for compliance.
The combination of sustainable revenue enhancements and expense reductions resulting from our Driving Performance efforts has created capacity essential to our continued investment for the future. We have developed strong management discipline in this area and will continue to seek revenue
and expense management improvements into 2014 and beyond.
THANKS
Every day, our partners put into practice the values of Service, Expertise, and Integrity that have distinguished Northern Trust for more than a century. This past year was no exception, as the nearly 15,000 Northern Trust partners around the world worked hard to achieve new milestones. For this, I thank all of them for their incredible efforts.
Retiring Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Tim Moen deserves special thanks for the leadership, work ethic, and friendship he provided to so many of us. We wish him well as he enters this new phase of life.
To our clients, our deepest thanks.
You provide us with the opportunity to continually create solutions to meet your financial needs. We are honored to serve
you and to receive your ongoing trust and business. We take that responsibility seriously and look forward to working with you in 2014 and the years ahead.
And to our shareholders, thank you for your continued support. As we enter Northern Trust’s 125th year, we remain focused on consistently delivering superior financial performance.
FREDERICK H. WADDELL
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER FEBRUARY 25, 2014
letter to shareholders
  2013 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS | NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION 4
