 to our shareholders
highlights
In 2011, Northern Trust posted solid operating results, maintained and grew our strong capital position, and importantly, made substantial progress on many long- term strategic growth initiatives – despite a difficult environment. Our enduring principles of service, expertise, and integrity enabled our wealth management, asset management, and asset servicing businesses to attract and retain clients. Our balance sheet, long a source of financial stability to our clients, strengthened even further to support client needs.
Regardless, our financial results did not meet our expectations. Net income of $603.6 million was down
10 percent from 2010, and our return on equity, an important financial metric, was 8.6 percent, better
than most large U.S. banks but not where we expect
it to be long-term. While our stock price reflected the challenging macroeconomic headwinds, investors continued to value our company higher than our peers. Further, we maintained our dividend to shareholders for the 115th consecutive year with a payout ratio greater than most large financial institutions.
the eNviroNmeNt
iN WhiCh We operate
The economic, political, and regulatory environment
in 2011 made it very difficult for financial institutions to show meaningful revenue growth. Northern Trust, while starting from a far stronger financial position than many of our peers, was not immune to these conditions.
For the third consecutive year, the historically low levels of short-term interest rates continued to hurt our revenues. For example, we manage approximately $187 billion in money market funds and other short-duration
frederick h. waddell
chairman and chief executive officer, left.
william l. morrison
president and chief operating officer, right.
fixed income assets for our clients. This year, we waived $102 million in money market mutual fund management fees because historically low yields prevented us from charging full fees. Our net interest margin was also pressured by low short-term interest rates. The current interest rate environment is a significant headwind, one that we believe will continue to challenge Northern Trust and the industry for several more years.
Low interest rates and weak loan demand also made it difficult to earn a sufficient spread between assets and liabilities. Because of our strong balance sheet, Northern Trust clients entrusted us with record levels of deposits. Yet without adequate demand for higher-earning loans meeting our conservative underwriting standards, we invested those deposits in lower-yielding assets such as Federal Reserve deposits, investment securities, and interest-bearing bank deposits. This resulted in far tighter spreads than we have generated historically. Despite our bankers’ best efforts in creating approximately $20 billion in gross new and renewed credits and commitments for clients, our loans increased by only $1 billion.
2011 annual report to shareholders 2
northern trust corporation

We will not see a rising rate environment until the economy improves in a meaningful way. That will occur only when our elected U.S. leadership puts partisan politics aside, reduces our significant structural fiscal deficits – which will require both revenue enhancements and entitlement reductions – and restores business and consumer confidence. Under those conditions, I believe job growth and broader economic growth can resume.
Uncertainty about the outlook for the global economy, interest rates, and equity markets, along with the most sweeping financial legislative and regulatory reform efforts since the Great Depression, combine
to make it difficult to gauge their impact in the near term. This past year saw implementation of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act as well as creation of Basel III, a global regulatory framework for a more resilient banking system worldwide. While these and many other regulatory changes worldwide will affect us less than other global institutions, we incur, and will continue to incur, higher operating costs from these reforms as well as from the generally harsher regulatory environment. Nonetheless, we continue working hard to find the proper balance between regulators’ quest for safety and soundness and our desire to manage our business effectively while maintaining appropriate shareholder returns.
We accelerated efforts to reduce exposures to higher- risk European financial and sovereign entities in 2011, moving significant bank balance sheet liquidity and investment management funds to stronger institutions in Europe and other parts of the world. We expect the higher risk profile of the eurozone and its resulting uncertainties to remain for several years as the region seeks solutions to its complex fiscal and political issues.
our BusiNesses
Against this backdrop of weak economic activity, heightened regulatory oversight, and increased global financial risk, Northern Trust’s personal and institutional businesses performed quite well.
In our Personal Financial Services business, we made important progress on key initiatives designed to meet our clients’ needs. The continued evolution of our segmented client service models and broader advice-based capabilities resulted in record new business and high levels of client satisfaction. We completed the integration of Waterline Partners, resulting in new and expanded dialogues with clients regarding the use of our investment solutions to meet their life goals. We are pleased that the successful execution of our strategic initiatives, combined with our reputation for service excellence, resulted in Northern Trust being named Best Private Bank in the United States by the Financial Times Group for the third year in a row.
In Corporate & Institutional Services, where we provide sophisticated asset servicing solutions for the world’s largest, most complex institutional investors, we enjoyed a solid year marked by further global expansion. We added important new clients here
in the United States as well as in Australia, China, Sweden, and elsewhere around the world, leading
to near-record new institutional business. We also made two strategic acquisitions: the Bank of Ireland Securities Services and Omnium LLC, now known respectively as Northern Trust Securities Services (Ireland) Limited and Northern Trust Hedge Fund Services. Both acquisitions strengthen our market presence and add new capabilities to our successful global funds services strategy. Our efforts were appropriately recognized when we were named
Best Global Investor Services House by Euromoney magazine for the second consecutive year as well
as being named Custodian of the Year by Professional
Pensions magazine.
Our asset management business, Northern Trust
Global Investments, is at the heart of our ability to provide the right investment solutions to meet our clients’ risk management, liquidity, income generation, and capital appreciation objectives. As one of the world’s largest asset managers, with $662.9 billion
2011 annual report to shareholders
3 northern trust corporation
letter to shareholders
 
in assets under management, our client focus
and breadth of capabilities differentiate us in the marketplace. In 2011, we launched our newest investment capability, FlexSharesSM. Managed by Northern Trust, FlexShares are exchange traded funds (ETFs) offering efficient exposure through four fund vehicles. We saw meaningful growth in the funds from their launch on September 22, with year- end assets under management of nearly $500 million. We plan to launch several innovative new funds over the coming quarters. We also were pleased
to win Institutional Investor magazine’s Manager of the Year award for U.S. equity indexers.
lookiNg forWard
Despite outstanding results in building our institutional and personal client businesses this year, we expect revenue headwinds to persist over the intermediate term. These conditions continue to slow our revenue growth. We cannot control the external changes the world sends our way, but we can control how we operate and how we respond to those changes.
Starting in 2011, we launched Driving Performance, a global initiative to accelerate our daily productivity, delivering greater value to our clients and shareholders, and improving profitability and returns on capital. Driving Performance is not a short-term program. Nor are we changing the core strategies and principles of Northern Trust. Rather, we are taking a fresh look at everything we do in order to accelerate productivity in the near term and improve profitability for the long term. We estimate that our actions around revenue enhancements, process optimization, technology efficiency, and corporate-wide initiatives will improve pre-tax income by $250 million by the end of 2013.
With gratitude
While 2011 was a challenging year, I view our accomplishments with a great deal of satisfaction
and gratitude. Our 14,000 partners around the world, who work hard each day to satisfy the ever-increasing expectations of our clients, deserve our sincerest thanks for their expertise, leadership, and dedication.
Our management team, one of the best in the industry, also deserves special recognition. Jana Schreuder, Joyce St. Clair, and Jeff Cohodes assumed new roles respectively as heads of Personal Financial Services, Operations & Technology, and Risk Management,
where they continue to show outstanding leadership. Sherry Barrat was named Vice Chairman and has helped me develop important new markets and client relationships. In October, Bill Morrison became our President and Chief Operating Officer. Bill brings more than 35 years of banking experience to this role and is an invaluable leader for our corporation. Bill’s role as Chief Financial Officer was assumed by Mike O’Grady, who comes to us with more than 20 years of financial services experience.
Our Board of Directors brings a diverse set of perspectives and backgrounds to Northern Trust and we are thankful for its dedicated service. We welcomed Martin Slark, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Molex, to our Board in April. Martin’s global operating experience will serve our company well. We thank longstanding Director Bill Smithburg, who retired from the Board, for his many years of distinguished service, guidance, and insight to our corporation.
Finally, I want to thank our clients for their steadfast support and loyalty. All of us at Northern Trust are committed to serving our clients with integrity and expertise, and we are honored to work with them.
frederick h. Waddell
chairman and chief executive officer february 24, 2012
2011 annual report to shareholders 4
northern trust corporation
letter to shareholders
