Frederick H. Waddell
chairman and chief executive officer
William L. Morrison
president and chief operating officer
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
For Northern Trust, 2012 was another solid year marked by continued growth in our client base, expansion of our global capabilities, and rising partner engagement in driving company performance. We generated our results, bolstered by strong core trust fee growth, in a difficult operating environment of persistent low interest rates and increased regulatory pressures.
OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Our net income rose 14 percent from 2011
to $687.3 million, driven by modestly higher revenue and well-controlled expenses. I am pleased to report trust, investment, and other servicing fees, our largest revenue source, rose $236 million, or 11 percent, to $2.4 billion as
we gained new clients and more business from existing clients. This outstanding performance, however, was significantly offset by a $109 million –
or 7 percent – decline in other revenue, including foreign exchange trading and net interest income. As a result, our total revenue in 2012 advanced only 3 percent. As discussed in previous years, these revenue pressures are a product of the economic environment and are expected to persist for several more years.
Throughout the year, we focused on meeting our clients’ needs and on improving the profitability and returns of our business. Our return on equity improved to 9.3 percent from 8.6 percent in 2011, and capital actions – including increasing the quarterly dividend to $0.30 per share and repurchasing 3.5 million common shares – returned nearly $450 million to our shareholders.
Northern Trust’s balance sheet has long been, and continues to be, a source of client comfort and financial flexibility for our businesses. On
2 | 2012 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION
     
the asset side, our loan, securities, and liquidity portfolios remain high quality. Likewise, deposits have been stable as we continue to attract new clients who value the soundness of our balance sheet.
GROWING OUR CLIENT BASE
Northern Trust’s greatest strength is our clients, and 2012 was a record year for building our business. Our wealth management business had a
particularly strong year. Personal assets under custody increased by 16 percent to $446 billion and assets under management rose by 14 percent to $198 billion. Client satisfaction and confidence in our expertise remain high, leading to Northern Trust being named Best Private Bank in the United States by the Financial Times Group for the fourth consecutive year.
In our institutional business, record levels of new business boosted our assets under custody by 12 percent to $4.4 trillion and assets under management by 15 percent to $561 billion. We also experienced robust growth in our hedge fund services business. Prominent among
this success is a new relationship with global hedge fund manager Bridgewater Associates, announced in January 2013.
CHALLENGING ENVIRONMENT
Our industry’s macroeconomic operating environment continues to be challenging, and deleveraging in many sectors of the global
economy likely will persist for several more years. Loan demand remains weak. Investors remain hesitant to commit to longer-term investments because of uncertainty around continuing European problems, slowing emerging market economies, and U.S. regulatory, fiscal, monetary, and political challenges. While the U.S. government avoided the January 1 “fiscal cliff,” significant structural fiscal problems remain and may slow U.S. growth. Against this uncertain backdrop, the Federal Reserve announced its commitment to a low interest-rate policy for some time to come.
DRIVING PERFORMANCE
In light of these continued challenges in our operating environment and resultant revenue headwinds, we took steps to improve our productivity. At the conclusion of 2011, we instituted a new corporate-wide philosophy called Driving Performance, aimed at delivering greater value to our clients, shareholders, and partners by improving
our profitability. As part of this effort, we committed to increasing our pre-tax income by $250 million by the end of 2013, with at least half of that achieved in 2012. I am proud to say we exceeded our 2012 goal, with the benefit of our efforts split roughly 40 percent/ 60 percent between revenue and expense items, and I am confident we will reach
our $250 million target in 2013.
NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION 2012 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS | 3
   TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 
   TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Driving Performance is helping
Northern Trust fundamentally improve our productivity and profitability while enhancing our capacity to invest in growth in the coming years. Again, I am proud of our early results and believe our efforts have created a strong foundation for continued success.
STRONG LEADERSHIP AND DEDICATED EMPLOYEES
We announced several changes to our leadership team in 2012, attracting new talent and transitioning existing leaders into new roles. Prominent leadership changes included naming Biff Bowman as head of Human Resources and a member of our Management Group and appointing Tim Moen as Chief Administrative Officer.
After 22 years with Northern Trust, Vice Chairman Sherry Barrat retired in 2012. Her distinguished career with Northern Trust began in Florida, took her to California, and eventually to Chicago, where she ran our wealth management business. We thank Sherry for her many years of service to clients and partners alike.
Our board of directors provides valuable leadership, insights, and experience to our management team. In April, Robert C. McCormack and Enrique J. Sosa retired from the board after
12 and five years, respectively, of service to our company. Both Bob and Enrique represented Northern Trust with distinction, integrity, and expertise. We will miss their many contributions to our success.
In October, we announced the election of Jose Luis Prado, President of Quaker Oats North America, a division of PepsiCo, to our board. Jose Luis’ global experience and marketing expertise already have proven valuable.
And finally, let me extend a special word of thanks to our 14,000-plus partners around the globe who make Northern Trust a world-class institution. Our 2012 employee engagement survey garnered a best-in-class response rate. Our partners are invested in driving Northern Trust’s performance even higher, and our people continue to be the key to our success.
Northern Trust is a special place not only
for our clients who entrust their financial futures to us every day, but also for our Northern Trust partners and shareholders. Thank you for your support and confidence as we continue working to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders.
Frederick H. Waddell
chairman and chief executive officer february 26, 2013
4 | 2012 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION
  