As Dan Dimicco and Jim Frias note in their letter, 2009 was a more than challenging year for the economy and certainly for the steel industry. The board of Directors wants to recognize the extraordinary effort of the entire Nucor team of 20,400, who worked safely and met the challenge.
Even under times of economic stress, Nucor continues to execute its strategic long-term growth initiatives. Vertical integration and international operations grew, while every division took advantage of slower times to develop new ways to improve processes and products while focusing on, as Dan says, Taking Care of the Customer.
This is not new. Nucor’s leadership has a long track record of managing the company successfully through all phases of the economic cycle. Dan began his tenure as our Chief Executive Officer at the start of a major downturn, worsened
by the Sept. 11, 2001 attack. Reflecting this long-term performance, The Harvard Business Review recognized Dan and the Nucor team. The well-known business management magazine looked at 2,000 chief executive officers and ranked them by their company’s total shareholder return over their tenure, covering the years 1997 to 2009. Dan and Nucor ranked in the top 4% of the study.
Nucor has built a deep management team that has been invaluable in preserving
our culture, which along with our people remains our most important competitive advantage. That depth was evident when Joe Stratman was ready and able to assume the many responsibilities of Joe Rutkowski,
Nucor’s Executive Vice President of Business Development, who retired at the end of February 2010. The board recognizes and thanks Joe Rutkowski for his distinguished 21-year career with Nucor.
The board also congratulates John Ferriola, our Chief Operating Officer of Steelmaking Operations, for some well-deserved recognition. John was named the 2009 Steelmaker of the Year by the Association for Iron & Steel Technology, an international group with more than 15,000 members in all sectors of the industry.
The board would also like to echo Dan and Jim in thanking Terry Lisenby for 24 years of extraordinary service to Nucor. Terry,
who retired as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at the end of 2009, did a masterful job of continuing Nucor’s conservative financial management while anticipating Nucor’s financing needs. As we work our way through the uncertainties of the economy, Nucor continues to benefit from Terry’s work in raising $2 billion in equity and $1 billion in long-term debt on attractive terms in the first half of 2008.
Finally, as a reflection of our continuing confidence in the company’s ability to sustain and thrive in 2010 and beyond, the board of directors in December increased the regular quarterly dividend for the 37th consecutive year.
Peter C. Browning Lead Director
 Peter c. Browning lead Director
    7
