 4
 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Fellow Stockholders:
Having completed my first year as Nucor’s CEO, I am very proud of the work of all of our teammates. While the difficult economic environment of the last few years has caused many of our competitors to make defensive moves, Nucor’s strong financial position and dedicated teammates have allowed us to invest and continuously improve in order to grow and strengthen our earnings potential in the future.
This year we achieved several important milestones in our core strategy of investing in down markets. In 2013, several major capital projects started up and others will be coming online in the first part of 2014. These projects will help us gain greater control of our raw material costs and expand our offerings of specialized, higher-margin products, which position us very well in the current economic climate and will lead to even better days when the economy improves.
These strategic moves are why I am so excited about Nucor’s future. We are not waiting for things to turn around. We are finding ways to grow our company and be successful despite the lackluster economy by continually looking for ways to improve our performance and lower our costs, investing in projects that will move us up the value chain and providing superior customer service. The can-do, take-charge attitude of Nucor teammates will enable us to realize these goals.
  John J. Ferriola Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Financial Highlights
In 2013, Nucor earned $488.0 million, or $1.52 per diluted share, compared with consolidated net earnings of $504.6 million, or $1.58 per diluted share, in 2012. The slow pace of the economic recovery and increased level of steel imports have kept earnings lower than they were during the five-year growth period that preceded the Great Recession in 2008.
Consolidated net sales decreased 2% to $19.05 billion compared with $19.43 billion in 2012. Total tons shipped to outside customers increased 3% from 2012 levels. The average scrap and scrap substitute cost per ton used decreased 8% to $376 from $407. The overall operating rate at
our steel mills was 74%, well under the
pre-recession 91% utilization rate for the first nine months of 2008.
Forty years ago, Nucor began paying cash
dividends. Each year since then the board
of directors has increased the base cash
dividend, and 2013 was no different. In December, the board increased the regular quarterly cash dividend on our common stock to $0.37 per share from $0.3675. Through the end of 2013, Nucor has made 162 consecutive quarterly cash dividend payments. Nucor’s total shareholder return from 2004 through the end of 2013 was 15.5%.
We are always looking for ways to strengthen our financial position. Last year, we issued a total of $1 billion in debt, which effectively refinanced $900 million of maturing debt that we retired between the fourth quarter of 2012 and the second quarter of 2013. The weighted average coupon rate of the new debt is 35 basis points lower than the retired debt and the new debt had a weighted average maturity term of 20 years at inception versus the retired debt, which had a weighted average maturity term of 7 years at inception.
Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled more than $1.51 billion at the end of 2013. Adding to Nucor’s strong liquidity, our $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility is undrawn and it does not mature until August 2018. We have no commercial paper outstanding.
Executing Our Strategy to Grow Long-Term Earnings
Conditions in the steel industry in 2013 looked much like they did in 2012. The U.S. economy grew slowly. Overcapacity in global steel production and the resulting flood of imports kept steel prices depressed. With additional steel production coming online around the world, the overcapacity problem will not ease up anytime soon. We are pursuing trade cases for a number of products where our trade laws are being abused and we continue to urge our policymakers in Washington to enact pro-growth policies that will get the economy growing at a faster pace.
  WE ARE FINDING WAYS TO GROW OUR COMPANY AND BE SUCCESSFUL DESPITE THE LACKLUSTER ECONOMY BY CONTINUALLY LOOKING FOR WAYS TO IMPROVE OUR PERFORMANCE AND LOWER OUR COSTS, INVESTING IN PROJECTS THAT WILL MOVE US UP THE VALUE CHAIN AND PROVIDING SUPERIOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.
 
 However, in this environment, we cannot rely on the economy in order for Nucor to be successful. Instead, we are focused on what we can control as a company. Since the last cyclical peak in 2008, we have invested approximately $8 billion — nearly $3 billion of which occurred in 2012 and 2013 — in projects to grow our company profitably by giving us greater control of our raw material costs and by producing higher-margin products. This is part of our effort to create higher highs in strong economic cycles and higher lows in periods of weak economic growth.
Our most significant capital investment project was the $750 million direct reduced iron (DRI) plant in St. James Parish, Louisiana. Plant operations began on December 24, 2013. This is one of the largest DRI plants in the world, with a production capacity of 2.5 million tons annually, and it is also the first DRI plant to operate in the U.S. since 2009. Producing more of our own DRI will give us greater flexibility to respond to increases and volatility in raw material prices.
Complementing our DRI project is our working interest drilling program with Encana Oil & Gas (USA), Inc. This investment enables us to secure a long-term, low-cost supply of natural gas. At the end of 2013, over 250 natural gas wells had been drilled under the program. The performance of wells drilled over the past three years has exceeded initial projections used to justify the investment, which translates into lower-than-expected gas costs. Natural gas generated from this program will be sold to offset our exposure to increases in prices of natural gas consumed by our operating facilities.
In June, our Hertford County, North Carolina plate mill started production of its new normalizing line, which was running at full capacity by the third quarter. The new normalizing line allows us to serve attractive end-use markets, such as energy, transportation, shipbuilding and armor plate. The normalizing line, along with our recent investments in a heat treat facility and a vacuum tank degasser, doubles the Hertford mill’s capacity to produce value-added plate products.
Our Norfolk, Nebraska mill completed an expansion of its special bar quality (SBQ) capacity. Now the mill will be able to better serve the needs of our engineered bar customers by ensuring the highest qualities for the most demanding engineered bar applications. This project will enable Nucor to offer more products in the energy, automotive and heavy truck and equipment markets, which represent the strongest markets for steel products in recent years.
In the first quarter of 2014, the Berkeley County, South Carolina sheet mill began producing 72-inch wide sheet steel. This project involves upgrading and modernizing equipment in order to produce wider, lighter gauge sheet steel that will provide opportunities to move up the value chain in the agricultural, pipe and tube, industrial equipment, heavy truck and automotive high-strength and ultra-high-strength markets.
We continue to benefit from our acquisition in 2012 of Skyline Steel, which is a leader in the steel piling distribution market.
With Nucor-Yamato Steel Company (NYS) being a leading steel piling manufacturer, we are expanding NYS to broaden its range
of hot-rolled piling products to take advantage of the mill’s synergies with Skyline Steel. The project, slated for completion in mid-2014, will add several new sheet piling sections, increasing single sheet widths by 22% and providing a lighter, stronger sheet covering more area at a lower installed cost. NYS products service the marine construction, bridge and highway construction and heavy civil construction markets.
Our strategy of focusing on raw materials and value-added markets provides a double benefit by reducing our cost structure and expanding our offerings of higher-margin products, which will help us achieve our goal of growing our earnings capacity in the next cyclical upturn.
Closing Thoughts
I am fortunate to work with great teammates on a daily basis at Nucor. Two of those teammates retired in 2013. Ham Lott retired in June after more than 37 years with Nucor. Ham began his career in 1975 as a Design Engineer at our Vulcraft facility in Florence, South Carolina. In 1982, he went to Vulcraft in St. Joe, Indiana where he held various managerial positions and then went on to become General Manager of Vulcraft in Grapeland, Texas. In 1993, Ham returned to Florence to be General Manager of the facility. Six years later, he came to Charlotte as an Executive Vice President and under his leadership Nucor’s downstream and fabrication businesses nearly tripled their capacity. Thank you, Ham, for your contributions to Nucor and we wish you the very best going forward.
5
  PRODUCING MORE OF OUR OWN DRI WILL GIVE US GREATER FLEXIBILITY TO RESPOND TO INCREASES AND VOLATILITY IN RAW MATERIAL PRICES.
 
 6
At the end of the year, Dan DiMicco retired as Executive Chairman after more than 30 years with Nucor. Dan’s contributions to Nucor are well known. He served as CEO longer than anyone since company founder Ken Iverson. Dan led the company through two severe economic downturns and guided us through unprecedented growth and diversification to make us the nation’s leading steel producer. Through all of these changes, Dan encouraged Nucor’s unique culture to grow and evolve, based on our core principles of putting the customer first, continuous improvement and keeping the right people on the team even through a tough economy. His tenure consistently generated tremendous returns for our investors. He leaves a successful and lasting impact on Nucor. Thank you, Dan, for your visionary leadership.
As I said at the outset of this letter, we are not sitting back and waiting for market conditions to improve. Instead, we are using our strong financial position to make strategic investments in this slow economy. With many of these projects completed and ready to yield results, we will focus on strong execution in order to generate strong returns on these investments.
Thank you to our 22,300 teammates for the incredible work you do each day — for doing it safely and for your commitment to continually improving our company. And to our shareholders, we appreciate your investment and confidence in Nucor.
John J. Ferriola
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 
Fellow Stockholders:
My letter to you this year is simple. I want to thank you for the trust and confidence you’ve shown in Nucor by choosing to invest your hard-earned money in our company. And I want to thank my teammates for their support all these years. Without their backing, I never could have been the leader they needed me to be.
Like John Ferriola, I am confident that our best years are ahead of us. I was pleased, but not surprised, with how smoothly John assumed leadership of our team in 2013. John’s in-depth knowledge of our operations and the global steel market have served Nucor well during what has been, to say the least, a sputtering economic recovery.
I want to thank the board members for all of their support, particularly this past year. I’m honored that they decided to give me the title of Chairman Emeritus, and I thoroughly enjoyed my time as Executive Chairman. Throughout 2013, I had the opportunity to visit numerous divisions, which brought back fond memories of my early days as Nucor’s CEO when I visited every division.
I’m proud of the fact that we were able to increase by roughly six-fold the peak-to-peak profitability of Nucor since 2000 while maintaining the company’s vital strength and culture. Much of the credit goes to our 22,300 teammates, but I also want to remember Ken Iverson, Dave Aycock and Nucor’s other early visionaries for laying the foundation of this great company. Sadly, we lost two of our early leaders this past year. I want to take a moment to remember them.
Sam Siegel passed away in June. Sam served Nucor for four decades in various critical roles including Vice Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director. Sam played a vital role in rescuing the company from near bankruptcy in the 1960s, and even suggested renaming the company to Nucor in 1971.
John Doherty, who helped build the company’s first steel mill in South Carolina, passed away in April. Among his many other contributions to Nucor, John also designed mills and expansions in Nebraska, Texas, Utah, Arkansas and Indiana.
The impact of Ken, Sam, Dave and John on our company is felt to this day, and we will continue to benefit from their contributions for many years to come. We have always believed that knowing our history was critical to our successful future, and the last 13 years are living proof of that!
I also want to send a special thank you to my original leadership team of Joe Rutkowski, Terry Lisenby, Ham Lott and Mike Parrish for all their contributions to our success as a company over the last 13 years. We stayed together through the leadership change because we all loved Nucor and what it meant to us, in spite of the many opportunities to go elsewhere. We all wanted to leave a stronger company than we had inherited. And we have. John Ferriola and the current leadership team will do the same.
To all my teammates past and present, may God bless you and keep you safe. I know you will continue to “Do it together!” Always a teammate,
Daniel R. DiMicco Chairman Emeritus
  Daniel R. DiMicco Chairman Emeritus
  7

 8
  Raymond J. Milchovich
Lead Director
Peter C. Browning Director
Fellow Stockholders:
On behalf of the board of directors, we would like to thank the entire Nucor team for their hard work this year in positioning the company to grow profitably in the future. Despite economic conditions that challenged the steel industry, Nucor’s performance continued to shine compared to its peers in the industry.
The board approved a record level of capital investment for 2013, consistent with Nucor’s strategy of investing during economic downturns. By the end of the year, several major capital projects were at or near completion. The company made significant progress under its agreement with Encana, our partner in our natural
gas working interest drilling program, to drill natural gas wells. The working interest drilling program is a flexible, innovative way to change our cost structure for energy consumption. The startup of the direct reduced iron plant in Louisiana will also help the
company gain more control over raw materials costs. Many of these projects are transformative for the company, helping us reduce costs while expanding into new markets. John has provided more details on each of these projects in his letter. They are part of the board and executive team’s strategy to position the company for future growth.
Over the past few years, the board devoted significant time to developing a thoughtful, planned transition of leadership at Nucor. This year it was evident that we have achieved our goals. The company had an excellent first year under CEO John Ferriola, and we are extremely pleased with the seamless leadership transition executed by John and Dan DiMicco. The lead director of the board also changed this year with the appointment of Ray Milchovich in September, which was another successful outcome of the board’s succession planning.
The board would like to extend its thanks and congratulations to Dan DiMicco, who stepped down as Executive Chairman at the end of the year. We have had the privilege of working with Dan for many years in his roles as CEO and Executive Chairman. We cannot overstate the remarkable accomplishments Dan has achieved during his career with Nucor. He took over as CEO during a difficult time for the company and in a challenging economic environment for the steel industry. Through it all, Dan provided steady leadership, taking Nucor to the next level. He rapidly grew the company through acquisition and greenfield development, while managing to preserve and strengthen the Nucor culture. Under his leadership, Nucor generated strong returns for our investors. We wish Dan well in retirement.
Finally, in December the board of directors increased the base dividend for the 41st consecutive year, reflecting the confidence the board has in the company’s direction and earnings power.
Thank you to all of our investors for the trust you have placed in Nucor’s management team.
Raymond J. Milchovich Peter C. Browning Lead Director Director
    