 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
3
When I wrote to you last year, I predicted that 2003 was shaping up to be an especially challenging year in our business. Nevertheless, I was confident that Nucor’s longstanding tradition of successfully emerging from industry downturns stronger than ever would continue.
Our team did face significant challenges in 2003, including:
> Severely depressed construction markets
> Significant short-term costs required to commercialize new technology > The integration of our largest acquisition ever and a major sheet mill
> An unprecedented surge in the cost of our key raw material, scrap steel.
Despite these fierce headwinds, we continued our string of profitable quarters. Nucor’s businesses generated cash from operations of more than $494,600,000 in 2003, one of our strongest years ever for operating cash flow performance. We solidified our position as
the nation’s largest steel manufacturer and the largest recycler. Our net earnings declined 61%, to $62,800,000, or 80 cents per share. While we are particularly disappointed in this year’s earnings performance, we have accomplished many things that allowed us to be one of the few profitable steel companies in North America. We are never satisfied with our results, and we will continually seek improvement in all of our operations. Our 9,900 employees performed well in 2003, and they are off to an excellent start
in 2004 to accomplish much more.
Nucor again set records for both steel production and steel shipments. In 2003, steel shipments rose 31% to 17,700,000 tons. That is up 61% from just three years ago, during a period when the nation’s economy – and, in particular, the manufacturing and non-residential construction sectors, which consume a great deal of steel – slowed considerably from the boom days of the 1990s.
Nucor has a long history of seizing opportunities during difficult steel market conditions. The past few years together represent one of the steel industry’s deepest down cycles, as prices eroded and dozens of companies slipped into bankruptcy.
Even in these troubled times, we have not wavered from our focused, disciplined strategy to strengthen our competitive position, drive long-term growth in our earnings power and raise returns on our stockholders’ investment. The keys to executing the strategy continue to be:
> Optimize existing operations
> Continue greenfield growth via the commercialization of new technologies > Pursue strategic acquisitions
> Grow globally through joint ventures.
This has been our focus for the past few years. Let’s examine our recent performance in each of these areas.
Optimizing existing operations. Every Nucor employee strives for continual improvement. Everyone understands that continual improvement of our existing operations represents our single largest opportunity for long-term earnings growth.
Our plate mill in North Carolina, which began casting and rolling in the fall of 2000, is an excellent example of that commitment. Facing an extremely difficult pricing environment, our plate mill team made tremendous gains in productivity while posting record- low conversion costs. Meanwhile, customers tell us that the quality of our product has been excellent.
Our bar mill modernization program is another success. We set aggressive schedules for installing a new finishing end in Darlington, South Carolina, and upgrading the rolling mill in Norfolk, Nebraska. During 2003, the Nucor Team completed both projects on time and on budget. We conducted extensive training programs to move employees swiftly up the learning curve. By year’s end, these bar mills had lowered their conversion costs, increased their yields and productivity and improved product consistency. They also improved their operating profit contribution – with more to come from these facilities in 2004. Our modernization program continues. The new melt shop at the mill in Jewett, Texas is on schedule for completion before summer.
  Daniel R. DiMicco
Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Since Nucor began focusing on the steel business in 1966, the company has been profitable every single quarter, a record unmatched by any other North American steel manufacturer.

 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
4
Our sheet mill in Berkeley County, South Carolina completed construction of a vacuum degasser in late 2003. The degasser, which has successfully completed several initial trials, will allow us to expand the mill’s product capabilities into deep drawing steel grades. Deep drawing capability enables us to participate in higher value-added business in the automotive, appliance, lawn and garden, and heating-ventilation-air conditioning markets.
On a broader note, our sheet mills continue to enjoy success with the strategy of aggressively cultivating automotive opportunities that match our strategic growth plans and enhance our position as a value-added steel producer. Today, we are selling on either a direct or indirect basis to most of the U.S. automotive producers. Through our investment in state-of-the-art equipment, we are positioned to grow our automotive business. We sold more than 325,000 tons in the automotive market last year, and we expect to double that total in 2004.
We continue to push the standard on environmental performance in our industry. Nucor continues to work with the Environmental Protection Agency and state environmental departments to establish a premier environmental management system at our operating units. In 2003 we had several facilities that obtained certification of their ISO 14001 Environmental Management Systems. By the end of 2004, all facilities will be involved in this program, with many more having obtained this significant certification. Our employees, working with their environmental departments, continue to push us toward higher levels of environmental performance at lower costs. Through strategic planning we are creating a culture that has increased our level of environmental performance, lowered our impact on natural resources, controlled our compliance costs and set a standard that others will find hard to match. Nucor is the only steel manufacturer with a facility in the EPA National Environmental Performance Track program.
Continuing greenfield growth via the commercialization of new technologies. We did not open any new plants in the United States
in 2003, but we made significant progress at one of our newest facilities that utilizes an emerging technology. Our team at the Castrip® facility in Crawfordsville, Indiana, has explored – and successfully navigated to this point – what were uncharted waters
in working with revolutionary new technology to directly cast strip steel. During the second half of 2003, the team made important technological breakthroughs that have resulted in longer casting sequences and improved product quality and improvements in the life of key consumables. The successful sequencing of heats also resulted in higher production rates. Multi-ladle casting sequences are now part of routine production. Castrip expects increased production and prime rates to continue into 2004. We are optimistic about the prospects for attaining commercialization of the Castrip technology this year.
Pursuing strategic acquisitions. We purchased the four operating mills and other assets of Birmingham Steel Corporation (“Birmingham Steel”) in late 2002 for approximately $615,000,000 – the largest acquisition in Nucor’s history. These mills boosted Nucor’s 2003 shipment volume by 2,400,000 tons – and made a significant operating profit contribution in very depressed bar market conditions.
The success of the Birmingham Steel integration reinforces our philosophy of smart acquisitions: Don’t over pay. Stick to businesses you know. And make sure the companies have compatible cultures – employee focus, teamwork, safety, customer focus, high quality standards, ethics and integrity, environmental focus and a commitment to continual improvement and risk-taking.
Last year also was an important period for our newest sheet mill in Decatur, Alabama, acquired in 2002. The mill expanded our sheet steel capacity by 30%, to 8,700,000 tons a year. Our team has overcome early equipment problems to build volume rapidly, improve quality and speed up deliveries. Fourth quarter production at the mill was 63% higher than production for the second quarter, driving improvements in Decatur’s bottom line. A crucial part of Decatur’s recent success comes from another part of our model for successful acquisitions: leveraging the talent and energy of the entire Nucor Team. At least a half-dozen other Nucor divisions have given Decatur their technical expertise and support. We are all very excited about Decatur’s potential to produce higher quality grades of sheet than Nucor has ever achieved.
Growing globally through joint ventures. We have two joint ventures with global partners scheduled for production starts later in 2004. Nucor and Companhia Vale do Rio Doce (“CVRD”) are building a facility in northern Brazil that will produce pig iron in
an environmentally friendly manner. This project will create charcoal from specially cultivated forests that regenerate themselves by consuming carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. Unlike conventional pig iron projects, this process will reduce carbon dioxide (a greenhouse gas) instead of increasing the amount of it in the atmosphere, as the forest will consume more carbon dioxide than will be emitted by the mini-blast furnaces. The trees are planted along with an equal amount of restored virgin forest, the charcoal furnaces are under construction, and the permits are being acquired for the pig iron operations. The project, when complete, will annually supply 380,000 tons of “environmentally green” pig iron, with an option of doubling that amount in the future.

 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
5
Our HIsmeltTM project, a joint venture with The Rio Tinto Group, Mitsubishi Corporation, and Chinese steelmaker Shougang Corporation, is building a facility in Western Australia. The HIsmelt process uses iron ore fines and coal fines of all qualities to directly produce liquid iron with considerably better environmental results and significantly less energy consumed than standard iron-making technologies. Construction is more than halfway to completion, and the plant’s operating team has begun training and preparing for the commissioning of equipment. Production is scheduled to begin in the fourth quarter of 2004. This facility will have an annual capacity of 800,000 metric tons.
Both of these projects will provide Nucor with high quality, alternative sources of raw materials. We began work on these initiatives several years ago in more subdued scrap markets, and their output will be an important asset for Nucor moving forward in more heated raw materials environments. We also are working on several other raw material supply projects that will help stabilize our raw material pricing and availability going forward.
Our scrap prices surged $65 (57%) per ton between December 2002 and December 2003. When the price increase accelerated in the fall, we responded promptly. We became the first major North American steel producer to introduce a raw material surcharge, to ensure that we would be able to purchase the scrap needed to fill our customers’ steel needs while restoring our margins to appropriate levels. The marketplace accepted the surcharge, albeit begrudgingly. The media, market analysts and investors all have expressed concern that rising scrap prices would cripple the margins of mini-mills. I understand the concern, but we predict the exact opposite to occur. Nucor expects to earn higher margins in 2004 than in 2003, along with increased volumes, across all product lines because of the improving supply/demand balance for our products and an improving economy. Having said this, runaway raw material costs, coupled with a major surge in imports, continue to be a risk factor going forward. While the former is a current issue, the latter is not because of the strength in global steel demand at present and the higher global steel prices.
While we begin 2004 with a great deal of optimism, we also are carefully monitoring several sensitive fronts. In December, the Bush Administration chose to prematurely end the temporary steel safeguard tariffs, known as Section 201. The Administration implemented Section 201 to help the domestic steel industry recover from serious injury caused by the illegal trading practices of foreign competitors. Concurrent with this, the industry took historic steps to consolidate and restructure. This restructuring is not complete, but we are encouraged by the Administration’s commitment to strengthen existing U.S. trade laws by closing the loopholes that permit import surges, circumvention and repetitive dumping. The future of U.S. manufacturing, not just the domestic steel industry, depends in large part upon the Administration's willingness to hold the world trading community accountable for unfair and illegal trading practices.
Our fortunes, as always, are tied to the entire U.S. economy and, to a greater extent than ever before, the global economy. A reversal of the current global recovery, in particular a sudden change in China’s economy, will be felt by all major steel manufacturers, including Nucor.
Whatever turn the economy takes, Nucor will remain true to the principles that have guided us through nearly four decades of uninterrupted profitability and growth.
We are committed to our goal, which is to take care of our customers. We do it by being the safest, highest quality, lowest cost, most productive and most profitable steel and steel products company in the world.
To our employees, stockholders, customers and suppliers, thank you for your continuing support. Together, we have built a solid foundation for sustainable and substantial growth in Nucor’s earnings power in 2004 and beyond.
Sincerely,
Daniel R. DiMicco
Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
6
  Terry S. Lisenby
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President
Nucor’s net sales for 2003 were a record $6,265,800,000, an increase of 30% from $4,801,800,000 in 2002. Net earnings were $62,800,000 ($.80 per share), a decrease of 61% from $162,100,000 ($2.07 per share) in 2002.
In spite of another challenging year in the steel industry, Nucor was one of the few domestic steel companies to remain profitable in 2003. The weak economic conditions in the United States, specifically in the non-residential construction and capital goods markets important to Nucor, continued to impact our financial performance. As in the past two years, average sales prices were significantly below normal. In addition, earnings were negatively impacted by higher scrap and energy costs. These factors reduced our metal margin, the spread between steel selling prices and scrap costs; however, with the expectation of further strengthening of demand and our implementation of a raw materials surcharge on January 1, we anticipate an increase in metal margin as we move through 2004.
Nucor’s utilization rate in 2003 remained strong at 92% of production capacity (an average
of all operating facilities) in a very weak economy. Nucor established new records in 2003 for steel production, total steel shipments and steel shipments to outside customers. Steel production in 2003 increased 28% to
17,441,000 tons, compared with 13,622,000 tons in 2002. Total steel shipments improved 31% to 17,656,000 in 2003, compared with 13,438,000 tons a year earlier. Steel sales to outside customers were up 32% to 16,263,000 tons in 2003, compared with 12,314,000 tons in 2002. In the steel products segment, steel joist production was 503,000 tons in 2003, compared to 462,000 tons in 2002. Steel deck sales were 353,000 tons, compared to 330,000 tons in 2002. Cold finished steel sales were 237,000 tons in 2003, compared with 226,000 tons in 2002. Building systems sales were 76,000 tons in 2003, compared with 68,000 tons in 2002.
Nucor has long employed conservative financial and accounting practices and plain language, easy-to-understand financial reporting. We will continue this tradition. We have a simple capital structure with no off-balance sheet liabilities, and we will continue to maintain our strong balance sheet. At the end of 2003, Nucor had $350,300,000 in cash and short-term investments, and a low percentage of debt to total capital of 26%. Despite a difficult year, we generated cash flows from operations of more than $494,600,000. We are committed to maintaining our strong financial position and believe our industry-high credit rating gives us additional competitive advantage in a consolidating industry.
Nucor’s achievements in this challenging business environment are due to the efforts and loyalty of its 9,900 employees, and to the support of customers, suppliers and stockholders. We believe that Nucor is well positioned for strong performance in 2004.
Sincerely,
Terry S. Lisenby
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President
 
 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
7
The steel industry and the global economy went through more than just another challenging year in 2003. China’s continuing economic boom, the decline in the dollar, rising scrap prices, the premature end of Section 201 tariffs – all of these had an impact on a broad range of U.S. manufacturers, including Nucor.
The board recognizes that the Nucor Team dealt very effectively with this extraordinarily complex and volatile environment. Most importantly, the company continued to move forward on its strategic plan, not allowing itself to become distracted by these changing and challenging conditions.
During the past year, Nucor made significant progress integrating its major acquisitions of 2002. The four former bar mills of Birmingham Steel quickly transitioned into productive, profitable Nucor divisions – a tribute not only to Nucor’s integration practices but also to management’s acumen in identifying compatible acquisition targets. The Decatur, Alabama, sheet mill is overcoming some challenges and ramping up production, while the company
also continues to focus on developing groundbreaking technology through strategic partnerships such as Castrip, Green Pig and HIsmelt. Dan discusses details of these projects in his letter.
Dan and his leadership team have taken an appropriate and influential role to encourage the Bush Administration and leaders of other nations to address the global excess capacity problem in a way that will support the evolution of a vibrant global steel industry. Needless to say, that work remains unfinished.
Despite these many initiatives, the board recognizes that Nucor employees have not taken their eyes off their objective to continually improve productivity, costs and quality. Most importantly, Nucor’s well-known values continue to drive the company, even as its steel production has tripled over the past decade.
This combination of pushing forward on strategic initiatives while continually improving the nuts and bolts operations provides the basis for assuring that Nucor will be in a position to take advantage of these dynamic conditions. In times of extraordinary turbulence, the company that manages to stay focused on the basics and sticks with its plan will be well-positioned to lead the industry recovery under emerging, more favorable economic circumstances.
Sincerely,
Peter C. Browning Non-Executive Chairman
  Peter C. Browning Non-Executive Chairman
 