 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
 3
  Daniel R. DiMicco Executive Chairman
Fellow Stockholders:
This is my last letter to you as Nucor’s Chief Executive Officer, a position I have been honored to hold since September 2000. I remain with Nucor as the Company’s Executive Chairman, passing the CEO role into John Ferriola’s very capable hands.
Later in this letter, John will provide the year in review and forward-looking statements that you are used to reading in our annual report. But before we get to that, I would like to provide some longer-term perspective, and look at how Nucor has performed, changed and remained true to its roots over the past 12 years.
I think most executives, given a chance to run a steel company, would not have picked September 2000 as the time to start. The U.S. economy was entering into a three-year slump, the worst
economic period since the early 1980s. Dozens of steel companies were forced either into bankruptcy, reorganization or out of business altogether.
At Nucor, we view recessions differently: they are the pause that allows us to prepare ourselves
to grow even stronger during the next economic expansion. For me, September 2000 and the challenging months that followed represented the unique opportunity to lay out the important ideas that would build on Nucor’s traditional strengths and drive us into the future.
It started with one goal: Taking Care of our Customers, with a broad view of the customer to include our teammates, the people who purchase and use our products, and you, the shareholder who trusts us to maximize the value of your investment. It’s a simple goal, but a challenging one. In fact, it’s a goal we will always be pursuing because we can always find ways to better serve our customers. Every one of our 22,200 teammates looks to continually improve every day.
To achieve our goal, we said we would build on Nucor’s strengths: product diversity, market leadership positions, a low and variable cost structure, financial strength, technological innovation, and, most importantly, our unique Nucor culture.
To these, we added a few ideas. We focused on expanding value-added products in our product mix, providing higher profit margins and more stable pricing during slow periods. We have invested billions of dollars over the past 12 years in vacuum tank degassers, galvanizing lines, heat treat lines, special bar quality production and direct reduced iron facilities, among other things. These investments have provided us with the opportunity to move up the value chain while continuing our market leadership positions in our long-established product lines.
We also began, almost immediately, to grow through
acquisitions. Before the fall of 2000, Nucor had
grown almost entirely via greenfield projects. Ken
Iverson liked to say that acquiring another company
meant acquiring its problems too. But we came to
believe that we could successfully integrate existing
operations into our culture. And with practice, we
have become very good at it. Acquisitions of existing
operations opened a cost-effective alternative avenue for growth. We have always been very careful about the operations we choose to buy and the price we’re willing to pay. These acquisitions have almost always been immediately accretive to our earnings, enhancing the value of your investment in Nucor.
We pursued all of these strategies successfully, making changes where appropriate. We originally outlined a three-pronged strategy for growth: optimization of existing operations, greenfield growth and acquisitions. To these strategies, we have added two other prongs over the years covering international joint ventures and expansion of our control over high quality raw materials. John will discuss in detail how we have continued to execute on these five growth platforms over the past year.
When I became CEO, it was hard to hear what I had to say over the voices of all the skeptics. Nucor’s best days were behind us, they said. Other companies were adopting the Nucor way and eliminating our edge. The Company couldn’t grow the way it did during Ken Iverson’s years — and if we did grow, we would eventually lose the unique qualities that made us great. Acquisitions and the sheer size of the Company eventually would water down our culture, and we would become just another large steel company — the kind of company we’ve been battling since we cast our first ton of steel in Darlington, South Carolina, more than 40 years ago.
  NO MATTER WHERE WE ARE IN THE ECONOMIC CYCLES, WE ARE EARNING MORE THAN WE DID THE LAST TIME WE WERE AT THE SAME POINT.
 
 4
  John J. Ferriola Chief Executive Officer and President
The skeptics were wrong.
Our strategy and execution have produced exactly what we aimed for, what we call higher highs and higher lows. That is, no matter where we are in the economic cycles, we are earning more than we did the last time we were at the same point. In 2000, the peak year for the late-1990s growth cycle, our earnings reached a record $310.9 million, or $0.95 per share (adjusted for stock splits). During the next peak, from 2004 through 2008, our average earnings more than quadrupled that record, peaking at $1.83 billion, or $5.98 per share, in 2008. During the down years of 2001 to 2003, we earned an average of $113 million per year. From 2010 through 2012, we have averaged $472 million in annual earnings.
Our long-term earnings power helps explain why our total return to stockholders from the cyclical bottom of our share price on September 25, 2000 through the end of 2012 was 720%, compared with 187.7% for the S&P Steel Group Index and 25.4% for the S&P 500.
I’m proud of these results and proud of my teammates for achieving again what many said couldn’t be done! I’m also proud that even as the number of our divisions and teammates has multiplied, our lasting competitive advantages — our people and our culture — haven’t just remained in place. They have gotten stronger. That’s why, as John Ferriola takes over as CEO, I’m confident that our best days are ahead of us.
I also want to thank all of my teammates for taking ownership of our goal and for lifting me up on their shoulders throughout my career with Nucor and in particular over the last 12 plus years as your CEO. Thank you also to all our shareholders for sharing our belief in this great Company we call Nucor! Now I will turn this letter over to John.
Financial Highlights
I want to start this part of our letter by saying thank you to some very important people. First, I want to thank our board of directors for trusting me with the honor of serving in the position of Chief Executive Officer of this great company. Thank you Dan DiMicco for the years of guidance and support you have given me as my responsibilities within the company have grown. Thank you for your leadership, vision and passion, all of which contributed to the outstanding results the Nucor team achieved during your tenure as CEO. I want to thank my 22,200 teammates for all they have done for me during my 20 plus years at Nucor and for their refusal to let our nation’s worst extended slump since the Great Depression keep them from continually improving and finding new ways of better taking care of our customers.
It would have been easy for our team to lapse into frustration in 2012. After four years of recession and stuttering growth, we still can’t see signs of a full economic recovery. Instead of giving rise to a sustained growth period, the modest rebound we saw in the first half of 2012 petered out almost as soon as it started. No wonder we’ve seen quotes in the business press calling this the worst economic recovery in history.
Meanwhile, imports are once again flooding the market, rising to 27 million tons, up 17% from 2011 and 38% from 2010, despite the almost non-existent recovery. Given the decreased demand and spike in imports, it’s no wonder that domestic capacity utilization was stuck in the range of 75% throughout 2012. There is no doubt that, as an industry, we are facing one of the toughest tests in our history. Fortunately, we are facing this unprecedented test with the best team in the industry.
In 2012, Nucor earned $504.6 million, or $1.58 per diluted share, compared with consolidated net earnings of $778.2 million, or $2.45 per diluted share, in 2011. Earnings remain significantly lower than they were during the five-year economic growth period that ended in 2008.
Consolidated net sales decreased 3% to $19.43 billion, compared with $20.02 billion in 2011. Total tons shipped to outside customers rose slightly but was offset by a 3% drop in the average sales price per ton. The average scrap and scrap substitute cost per ton used decreased 7% to $407 from $439. Overall operating rates at our steel mills remained at 74%, well under the pre-recession 91% utilization rate for the first nine months of 2008.
In December, the board of directors increased the regular quarterly cash dividend on our common stock to $0.3675 per share from $0.365 per share, continuing its record of increasing the base cash dividend every year since 1973, when Nucor began paying cash dividends. Through the end of 2012, Nucor has made 158 consecutive quarterly cash dividend payments.
Balance sheet strength remains an important attribute of Nucor’s business model. Standard & Poor’s, in its January 16, 2013, quarterly report entitled “U.S. Metals and Mining Companies, Strongest to Weakest,” again ranked Nucor #1 for credit rating and credit outlook among a universe of 67 companies. Nucor was the only steel company in the group that S&P awarded a strong business risk profile due to our competitive position and profit performance relative to our peers.

 Nucor is now the only steel producer in North America to enjoy the extremely important competitive advantage of an investment grade credit rating. The benefits of our credit rating include a lower cost of capital, financial flexibility and our position as the lowest risk counterparty for both our customers and suppliers.
Cash, short-term investments and restricted cash and investments totaled $1.4 billion at the end of 2012. We continue to maintain a strong liquidity position after reducing long-term debt by $650 million and making approximately $1.02 billion in capital expenditures and $761 million in strategic acquisitions.
Further strengthening Nucor’s strong liquidity is the fact that our $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility is undrawn and it does not mature until December 2016. We have no commercial paper outstanding.
Investing for the Next Growth Phase
We have a long tradition at Nucor of using slow periods to grow our long-term earnings power. Here are just a few of the most noteworthy examples from the past four years.
In our raw materials business, we expanded our
Trinidad direct reduced iron (DRI) capacity from
1.8 to 2.0 million metric tons in 2011. In
mid-2013 we will complete construction of a new DRI facility in St. James Parish, Louisiana, with an annual capacity of 2.5 million metric tons. Nucor has recently entered into a 20-year working interest drilling program with a major oil and gas producer that will provide these DRI facilities as well as Nucor’s other facilities with a sustainable competitive advantage from lower, long-term natural gas costs. These projects take us approximately two-thirds of the way toward our goal of 6 to 7 million tons of low cost, high quality iron units to supply our steel mills. This strategy establishes a cost advantage that will be maximized when scrap costs are most volatile.
In plate steel we added a heat treating line in 2011 at our Hertford County, North Carolina, facility with an annual capacity of 125,000 tons. We began operating a vacuum degasser in 2012 and expect to start-up a new normalizing line at the Hertford facility in 2013. These three projects allow Nucor to add a significant mix of value-added plate products that are largely immune to import pricing pressure while maintaining our position as a competitive, low cost, commodity plate producer.
Early in 2012 Nucor announced plans to invest $290 million in our special bar quality (SBQ) and wire rod production capabilities. This investment includes a number of projects at our Tennessee, Nebraska and South Carolina bar mills that will add a combined one million tons of SBQ and wire rod capacity and increase our mix of the most demanding engineered bar applications. As an added benefit, Nucor will be able to maintain our full market share in commodity bar products by shifting production to our other bar mills located across the U.S.
At our sheet mills Nucor began operating our newest galvanizing line in Decatur, Alabama in 2009. This addition grew our galvanizing capacity by a third and we now have a galvanizing line at all four sheet mills. We began operating a new vacuum tank degasser at our Hickman, Arkansas sheet mill in the fourth quarter of 2012. Now three of our four sheet mills have the capability to make value-added vacuum-degassed steels. We are in the process of expanding the product offering at our sheet mill in Berkeley, South Carolina. This project will be completed early in 2014 and will provide the capability to produce 72-inch-wide finished hot band product and produce sheet steel at much lighter gauges. Again, these investments are allowing Nucor to shift more of our capacity into specialty high quality applications that are less impacted by imports.
In the beam business we have made a number of important investments. Most notably, in June, 2012, we acquired our largest steel piling customer, Skyline Steel LLC (Skyline) for a purchase price of approximately $675 million. This acquisition pairs the market leader in steel piling distribution (Skyline) with the market leader in steel piling manufacturing (Nucor-Yamato Steel). Skyline was immediately accretive to cash flow and, after working through purchase accounting adjustments, was accretive to earnings in the fourth quarter of 2012. To further strengthen our position in the piling business, Nucor will invest approximately $115 million at Nucor-Yamato Steel to expand our range of hot rolled piling products. This project will be completed in 2014.
In our downstream fabricated products business, we have made a number of incremental acquisitions. We are also investing in the newest design engineering technologies at Nucor Building Systems, Harris Rebar Fabrication and Vulcraft/Verco. Building information modeling (BIM) is a software tool that allows our engineers and detailers to design steel for construction applications in a three-dimensional view, identifying potential conflicts with other components of a construction project and allowing for more reliable modifications when the customer’s needs change as they frequently do on construction projects. We believe we are well ahead of our primary competitors in developing and deploying BIM technology. We expect this investment to make a significant impact in the future as more customers insist on this technology for engineered product drawings and as our ability to manage change furthers our competitive advantage.
 5
 OUR ENTIRE TEAM REMAINS COMMITTED TO TAKING CARE OF OUR CUSTOMERS BY BEING THE SAFEST, HIGHEST QUALITY, LOWEST COST, MOST PRODUCTIVE, AND MOST PROFITABLE STEEL AND STEEL PRODUCTS COMPANY IN THE WORLD — NO MATTER WHAT CONDITIONS WE OPERATE IN.
 
 6
Together, these projects demonstrate our commitment to growing our diverse product mix, bringing on higher value-added products and expanding vertically to control our raw materials cost and distribution aspects of our business. They also represent our commitment to our long-established, five-pronged growth strategy:
• Optimize and continuously improve our existing operations and our teammates.
• Execute and grow our raw materials strategy.
• Expand through greenfield growth, taking advantage of new technology and market niches. • Seek international growth via joint ventures.
• Grow through strategic acquisitions.
Since the last cyclical peak in 2008, Nucor has invested nearly $7 billion of our shareholders’ valuable capital in capital expenditures and acquisitions. These investments enable us to take care of our customers with unrivaled operational flexibility, unmatched product diversification and an absolute commitment to always getting the job done. Once again, we seize the opportunity during slow economic times to position ourselves for stronger growth in the future.
Our Team’s Continually Improving Performance
We remain at the forefront of the technological battle of reducing environmental impact while improving or maintaining economic viability. We published our second sustainability report in 2012 that detailed how we are accomplishing this challenging task. We find that instead
of simply focusing on measuring and monitoring, we also have to focus on being fully compliant, finding new economical approaches to compliance, thinking strategically about our efforts and making this goal a part of our Nucor culture. Our sustainability report, which is available on our website, does an excellent job of documenting these efforts. While we continue to have more and more regulations imposed on us, we are also feeling the impact of new environmental regulations on our energy and material suppliers.
In 2012, we placed significant effort into understanding and developing the many “green” markets that are emerging in the world. With Nucor’s high recycled steel content, we are uniquely positioned to be a dominant provider of choice in these markets. To this end, we have developed a life cycle assessment for many of our product classes. We are proud of our environmental performance and continue to educate our markets about our significant environmental contribution that arises from being the largest recycler in North America. We hope that soon everyone will recognize that “green steel” is Nucor steel.
Our entire team remains committed to taking care of our customers by being the safest, highest quality, lowest cost, most productive, and most profitable steel and steel products company in the world — no matter what conditions we operate in.
We had a particularly striking example of our team’s can-do attitude in the spring of 2011. In late April, devastating tornadoes tore through the Southeast, killing and injuring hundreds of people and destroying homes and businesses. Many communities near Nucor facilities suffered severe damage. Our Decatur, Alabama, sheet mill was without all or a significant part of its power for 29 days.
But there is a much bigger story than any short-term loss of production, shipments and even earnings. The biggest story is how our culture creates long-term value. This is how our team responded to take care of all of our customers during such a challenging period. Immediately after power was lost, our Decatur team worked with their sister sheet mill divisions to successfully move all of Decatur’s orders to other Nucor sheet mills. Those orders were then produced and delivered on time. The change in production sourcing within the Nucor sheet mill group was seamless, if not invisible, to our customers.
One order from a major coal railroad original equipment manufacturer customer, normally supplied by Decatur, was produced as hot-rolled coil at our Berkeley mill. It was then sent back to Decatur, which had restored enough power to run the cold mill for its cold rolling. The order was then delivered on time to our customer’s Alabama facility. All of that took place within 11 days.
There are many other stories similar to this that we could share with you about how the One Nucor team pulled together throughout our company. The bottom line is that we use Nucor’s unrivaled position of strength and flexibility to take care of our customers.
Once again, thank you to our 22,200 teammates for your extraordinary work during a challenging 2012, and thank you to our shareholders for continuing to invest in Nucor.
John J. Ferriola Daniel R. DiMicco Chief Executive Officer and President Executive Chairman
  
   Peter C. Browning Lead Director
Fellow Stockholders:
The board of directors would like once again to recognize the strong performance of the entire Nucor team as it continues to face the challenging environment within the global steel industry. Under the leadership of Dan DiMicco, John Ferriola and Nucor’s experienced managers in both the corporate office and the divisions, the Company’s 22,200 teammates remain focused on taking care of our customers, continually improving and investing in future growth.
On November 16, 2012, Nucor announced that John Ferriola would become the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. The board is extremely confident in the talent, drive and commitment that John brings to the position of CEO, the position he assumed from Dan on January 1. For years, I have discussed with you the board’s commitment to strategic succession planning, and John’s ascension to CEO is the latest result of that commitment. John brings a rich set of experiences, having served as general manager, executive vice present, leader of Nucor’s steelmaking operations and chief operating officer before taking over as CEO. The board looks forward to working with John and continuing our robust succession planning process in the coming years.
The November announcement also said Dan DiMicco, after serving as Nucor’s CEO since September 2000, would be named Executive Chairman. The board wants to extend a special thank you to Dan for his outstanding work as Nucor’s CEO for the past 12 years — the Company’s longest tenure since Ken Iverson retired. I believe one
of his most remarkable and lasting achievements was his ability to retain and strengthen Nucor’s unique culture, even as Nucor’s strategy evolved. One of the first things he did as CEO was to visit every Nucor division to talk with Nucor teammates nationwide. While sales rose nearly five-fold since he started and the number of divisions jumped, Dan kept every teammate focused on the Nucor core principles of safety, teamwork, integrity, personal responsibility, performance, continual improvement and profitability.
Over the years, many of the nation’s leading business authorities have recognized Dan’s exceptional performance. In 2005, Nucor ranked No. 1 on the Businessweek magazine list of the top 50 U.S. companies, based on sales growth and return on investment. In the ensuing years, Nucor and Dan made three additional appearances on the same list. Harvard Business Review included Dan in its 2010 top 100 list of The Best Performing CEOs in the World, and in 2011, he was named to IndustryWeek magazine’s Manufacturing Hall of Fame.
Dan also served several years on the U.S. Commerce Department’s Manufacturing Council under Presidents Bush and Obama, reflecting Dan’s status as one of the country’s strongest and most tireless proponents of a reinvigorated, ever stronger and growing U.S. manufacturing sector. The board is pleased that Dan will continue his advocacy work, among many other roles, as he remains with Nucor as our executive chairman.
Peter C. Browning Lead Director
  7
