 tO Our stOckhOlDErs
 3
Financial Highlights
Fellow Stockholders:
I want to thank everyone on our teams at Nucor and our Harris Steel and David J. Joseph (DJJ) operations for their excellent work in an economic environment that remained extremely challenging in 2011. Together, we have continued to deliver on our goal of Taking Care of Our Customers, which include our fellow teammates, the people who buy and use our products, and you, our stockholders, who trust us to make the most valuable use of your capital. We have done this by working and succeeding at being the Safest, Highest Quality, Lowest Cost, Most Productive and Most Profitable steel and steel products company.
The hard work of the Nucor team — along with our strong financial position and our business model with its flexibility, diversification and sustainability — drove us to improved results in 2011.
  Daniel r. Dimicco chairman and chief Executive Officer
 Earnings increased more than fivefold in 2011 to $778.2 million, or $2.45 per diluted share, compared with $134.1 million, or $0.42 per diluted share, in 2010. Earnings remain significantly lower than they were during the five-year cyclical peak that ended in 2008.
Consolidated net sales increased 26% to $20.02 billion, compared with $15.84 billion in 2010. Average sales price per ton increased 21%, while total tons shipped to outside customers increased 5%. The average scrap and scrap substitute cost per ton used increased 25%
to $439 from $351. Overall operating rates at our steel mills increased to 74% from 70%, which is still well under the pre-recession 91% utilization rate for the first nine months of 2008.
In 2012, we expect to see continued growth in sales and earnings for Nucor, albeit in a slow-growth U.S. economy with a challenging regulatory and business environment. Uncertainties in Europe’s financial sector, and its potential to impact the banks in other regions of the world like the USA, will continue to weigh on global and domestic growth.
In December 2011, the board of directors authorized an increase to the regular quarterly cash dividend on our common stock to $0.365 per share from $0.3625 per share, continuing our record of increasing the base cash dividend every year since 1973, when Nucor began paying cash dividends. Through the end of 2011,
Nucor has made 154 consecutive quarterly cash
dividend payments.
Growing Stronger in Tough Times
The nation’s economy continued to stumble in
2011, making this one of the longest and deepest
slumps in several generations. At year end, the U-6 unemployment rate, which includes people who have given up looking for work or are underemployed, stood at 15.2%. That’s down from its peak in late 2010 but roughly double the rate in 2007. Adding college graduates in low skill positions that do not utilize their education, the unemployment rate is likely closer to 18%.
The U.S. monthly trade deficit widened to over $50 billion over the summer, its highest level in more than 2.5 years, though it narrowed somewhat later in the year. GDP growth was an anemic rate of under 2%. Nonresidential construction spending remained at 2010’s depressed levels.
  earNINGS INCreaSeD MOre THaN FIveFOLD IN 2011 TO $778.2 MILLION, Or $2.45 Per DILuTeD SHare, COMPareD WITH $134.1 MILLION, Or $0.42 Per DILuTeD SHare, IN 2010.
  IN 2012, We exPeCT TO See CONTINueD GrOWTH IN SaLeS aND earNINGS FOr NuCOr, aLbeIT IN a SLOW-GrOWTH u.S. eCONOMy WITH a CHaLLeNGING reGuLaTOry aND buSINeSS eNvIrONMeNT.
 
 4
  IN THe LaST MaJOr eCONOMIC SLuMP, FrOM 2001 THrOuGH 2003, NuCOr HaD a TOTaL NeT earNINGS OF $339.8 MILLION. DurING THe eveN DeePer SLuMP OF 2009 THrOuGH 2011, NuCOr earNeD
$618.7 MILLION, aN INCreaSe OF 82%.
   FrOM SePTeMber 6, 2000, WHeN NuCOr’S NeW GeNeraTION OF LeaDerSHIP WaS PuT IN PLaCe, THrOuGH THe eND OF 2011, NuCOr DeLIvereD a TOTaL reTurN OF 463.9%, COMPareD WITH 173.9% FOr
STaNDarD & POOr’S STeeL GrOuP INDex aND 4.3% FOr THe S&P 500.
 This disappointing economic performance is not surprising. Our nation has failed to implement real solutions to eliminate the unsustainable structural imbalances that are dragging our economy deeper and deeper into a hole of little or no growth and crushing debt.
Under these extreme conditions, the Nucor team was still able to achieve a significant improvement in earnings compared with 2010. Our objective is to deliver improved returns at every point in the economic cycle. We call it delivering higher highs and higher lows. In the last major economic slump, from 2001 through 2003, Nucor had a total net earnings of $339.8 million. During the even deeper slump of 2009 through 2011, Nucor earned $618.7 million, an increase of 82%. The most recent peak to peak earnings grew from $310.9 million in 2000 to $1.83 billion in 2008, an increase of 489%. We expect to see the full benefits of the
$7 billion in investments made from 2007 through 2011 (and what we will be investing in 2012 and 2013) during the next cyclical peak in the economy.
This continual improvement, supported by our dedicated Nucor teammates and unique culture, has helped us deliver superior returns to our
stockholders. From September 6, 2000, when Nucor’s new generation of leadership was put in place, through the end of 2011, Nucor delivered a total return of 463.9%, compared with 173.9% for Standard & Poor’s Steel Group Index and 4.3% for the S&P 500.
This performance did not come without significant investment in our growth and continuous improvement initiatives of roughly $10 billion — or without our strong efforts to hold our global trading “partners” accountable to both the U.S. and WTO trading rules. We have no doubt that our performance would have been significantly better if all of our nation’s global trading partners abided by these rules without having to be forced.
Nucor uses each economic downturn as an opportunity to grow stronger. We use the good times to prepare for the bad, and we use the bad times to prepare for the good. Emerging from downturns stronger than we enter them is how we build long-term value for our stockholders. We get stronger because our team is focused on continual improvement and because our financial strength allows us to invest in attractive growth opportunities throughout the economic cycle.
At the end of 2011, cash, short-term investments and restricted cash totaled $3.15 billion. In December 2011, we entered into a new five-year revolving credit facility. The new $1.5 billion facility is undrawn at year end and expires in December 2016. We have no commercial paper outstanding. Long-term debt totaled $4.3 billion for a gross debt to capital ratio of 36%. Looking ahead, our debt to capital ratio is expected to decline as a result of upcoming long-term debt maturities of $650 million in 2012 and $250
million in 2013. We expect to fund those maturities by drawing on our healthy liquidity position and continued strong operating cash flows.
Standard & Poor’s (S&P), in its January 9, 2012 report “North American Metals and Mining Companies, Strongest to Weakest,” again ranked Nucor #1 for credit rating and credit outlook among a universe of 68
companies. Nucor was also the only metals and mining company in the group that S&P awarded a strong business risk profile due to our competitive position and profit performance relative to our peers.
Preparing for Growth
From this position of financial strength, we continue to successfully execute on our five-pronged growth strategy, even in the midst of a down economy. That strategy, in short, is:
• Optimize and continuously improve our existing operations and our teammates.
• Execute and grow our raw materials strategy.
• Expand through greenfield growth, taking advantage of new technology and unique market niches.
• Seek international growth via joint ventures.
• Grow through strategic acquisitions.

Highlighting a few key investments, construction began on Phase I of an ironmaking facility on 4,000 acres in St. James Parish, Louisiana, and is proceeding on schedule. We continue to expect start-up in mid-2013. This first phase, with an annual capacity of 2.5 million tons per year, will bring us closer to our long-term objective to control between six and seven million tons of high-quality scrap substitutes, supplementing the expansion at our ironmaking facility in Trinidad from 1.8 million metric tons to 2.0 million metric tons.
The new facility will use a proven technology to convert iron ore pellets, utilizing efficient, low-cost natural gas as the reductant, into high-quality direct reduced iron (DRI). DRI is used by our steel mills, along with recycled scrap, in producing numerous high-quality steel products such as sheet, plate and special bar quality (SBQ) steel. Fracking, a process that fractures rock to release natural gas, promises to make natural gas even more plentiful and affordable. While we realize the fracking process has generated some recent controversy, we are confident that careful extraction practices will provide a valuable, plentiful, low-cost source of natural gas for generations to come. In fact, it is a major “game changer” for our country and U.S.-based manufacturing.
We commissioned a heat treating facility at our plate mill in Hertford County, North Carolina during 2011. The heat treat line has an estimated annual capacity of 125,000 tons and has the ability to produce heat treated plate from 3/16 of an inch through 2 inches thick.
Our new Kingman, Arizona, wire rod and rebar mill and SBQ mill in Memphis, Tennessee, achieved profitability by the first quarter of 2011. We also installed a new quality assurance line at our SBQ mill in Norfolk, Nebraska, while our Darlington, South Carolina, mill implemented new casting practices that enabled it to expand its presence in higher quality SBQ applications. Our SBQ mills have been and will continue to be a source of growth as we grow our core product range and expand market penetration.
Our joint venture in Italy, Duferdofin Nucor, revamped the finishing rolling mill of its steel beam plant in Pallanzeno, Verbania, in the northwestern region of Piedmont. The project also included a state-of-the-art rolling mill control system.
DJJ continued its growth by completing four acquisitions since mid-2010. The DJJ team has also continued the development and refinement of new technologies to extract significantly higher ferrous and non-ferrous metal yields from shredded scrap.
These highlighted projects are just a sample of the many projects our teams are undertaking to grow our long-term earnings power in every part of the company. From 2008 through 2011, we invested more than $2 billion in projects
to continually improve our existing operations
at every level. Supported by our prudent
investments, our product groups continue to
expand further up the value chain, while retaining leadership positions in our current markets.
While 2011 saw significant new regulations imposed on Nucor, our environmental performance continued to improve. We are pushing forward with innovative measures to ensure our continued full compliance with both existing and new regulations. In January 2011, Nucor Louisiana received the first major source permit issued in the United States under the new greenhouse gas rules imposed by the EPA, demonstrating our ability to permit projects that others view as extremely difficult or impossible. Our environmental staff continues to find economic opportunities to improve compliance and decrease costs while helping our operations manage the impact of new regulations on our company.
Working Together
Our improved results in 2011 benefited greatly from our position as North America’s most diversified steelmaker. Product diversification is a critical building block in the business model that drives Nucor’s industry-leading, through-the-cycle return on capital performance.
Our product diversity is evidenced by the fact that our largest product categories — sheet steel, steel bars, structural steel, steel plate, scrap and steel products — each represent more than 10% of our total sales tons.
  5
 THeSe HIGHLIGHTeD PrOJeCTS are JuST a SaMPLe OF THe MaNy PrOJeCTS Our TeaMS are uNDerTakING TO GrOW Our LONG-TerM earNINGS POWer IN every ParT OF THe COMPaNy. FrOM 2008 THrOuGH 2011, We INveSTeD MOre THaN $2 bILLION IN PrOJeCTS TO CONTINuaLLy IMPrOve Our exISTING OPeraTIONS aT every LeveL.
 
 6
Through initiatives such as “One Nucor” and “Commercial Excellence,” our team is working more closely together than ever to take care of our customers. For example, our HEAT team (Heavy Equipment, Agricultural and Transportation) is made up of sales leaders from multiple steel product groups and focuses on team selling to specific OEM customers. In a number of examples, this team was able to more than double our sales tons with key OEM customers by taking a base position in a single product (such as sheet steel) and adding sales of plate, SBQ and structural steel products. We expect further market penetration in 2012 as our HEAT, Power and Energy Infrastructure, Construction and Transportation Infrastructure and Automotive and Consumer Durable teams work to leverage our broad product offerings and network of customer relationships.
A more dramatic example of teamwork occurred this past spring, when a series of devastating tornadoes tore through the Southeast. Our Decatur, Alabama, sheet mill lost full electrical power for 29 days; however, in true Nucor fashion, our team responded immediately. Our Decatur team worked with their sister sheet mill divisions to successfully move all of Decatur’s orders to other Nucor sheet mills. Those orders were then produced and delivered on time. The change in production sourcing within the Nucor sheet mill group was seamless, if not invisible, to our customers. Meanwhile, many Nucor divisions, including Decatur, hustled to send supplies, equipment and volunteers to help nearby communities recover from the extensive tornado damage. The bottom line is that we use Nucor’s unrivaled position of strength and flexibility to take care of ALL of our customers. I want to again personally thank all of my teammates for the extraordinary efforts they put forth to help those in the communities devastated by the tornadoes — THANK YOU — I couldn’t be prouder!
u.S.-based Manufacturing — The Way Forward
U.S.-based manufacturing will hold the key to continued domestic economic growth for years and decades to come. A move back to “creating, making and building” things as the major driver of our economy and growth of our middle class is long overdue! The idea that a services-dominated economy alone could provide lasting wealth creation (and good riddance to the manufacturing sector) is a hugely failed business model that depended on one phony wealth creation scheme after another to generate a
“fool’s gold” wealth. The only way to build a long-lasting wealth creation cycle is to return to the business model based on sound economic fundamentals and to rely on “creating, making and building” things again, here at home. The answer is not to rely on the something-for-nothing government policy and financial business model that has created one major economic bubble after another, culminating with the “great financial collapse” of 2008.
This is how we awaken the dream and rekindle the process that allows for future generations to have the opportunity — not the guarantee, but the opportunity — to improve upon previous ones. The time is right, the opportunity is here for us to seize, and
the path forward is clear. The new opportunities in energy, infrastructure rebuilding, and revitalizing our manufacturing sector are shouting out to us as the path forward. This is the path that will create 30 million net jobs over the next five to seven years, rebuild our economy, our tax base, our middle class and our global competitiveness! We at Nucor and our partners in the domestic and multinational manufacturing community are committed to doing our part to shine a bright light on this path forward.
In closing, I would like to once again say thank you to all Nucor, Harris and DJJ teammates for their remarkable energy and commitment to working hard, working smart, working together and, most importantly, working safely; to our customers and suppliers for the strong relationships and the valued business we do together; and to our stockholders for your continued investment in and support for the Nucor team.
Nucor’s best is yet to come! Let’s Continue To Do It Together,
Daniel R. DiMicco
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 