 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
3
This is the fifth year that I’ve written to you, summing up Nucor’s accomplishments, challenges and strategies for the future. For much of that time, the steel industry faced one of the toughest periods in its history. Pricing pressure from illegal imports and global over-capacity, as well as other factors such as legacy costs, pushed most steel manufacturers into the red and dozens into bankruptcy.
We are proud of Nucor’s performance during that difficult period, remaining profitable every year, regularly increasing our dividend, maintaining our no-layoff track record, investing strategically and continually improving our operations, so that when the steel industry cycle turned up – as it always does – we would be ready.
Our growth strategy has never been about being the biggest but about improving shareholder value. We recognize the cyclicality of our business, but we also understand the sustainability of our Culture. Our Culture gives the entire management team the confidence to invest during the difficult times and to continue to raise the bar during good times. The success
of Nucor over the last five years is directly related to the fact that your management team reignited the entrepreneurial spirit that made Nucor great in the first place.
I’m happy to report that in 2004, we saw our efforts pay off in a record year. It was the most profitable year in Nucor’s history. We earned $1.12 billion, or $7.02 per share. To put our performance in perspective: Our earnings for the first half of 2004 were enough to break our previous annual earnings record. For that matter, so were the third and fourth quarters, each separately. In fact, our first-half earnings exceeded our full-year earnings from 2001, 2002 and 2003 combined. Our return on equity was 38.7%, far exceeding our goal of 14%. We also recorded new highs for production and shipments. Terry Lisenby discusses these in more detail in his letter.
This performance allowed us to reward our stockholders in several ways:
> We continued our practice of annually raising the dividend, which we have done every year since we began paying
dividends in 1973.
> We raised our dividend a second time in the fall by an additional 24%.
> We split our stock 2-for-1 in the fall.
> We recently announced a supplemental dividend estimated to be $1.00 per share to be paid out over the next four quarters.
These moves reflect the confidence of both your management team and your board of directors in the long-term prospects for our company.
Global pricing recovered from its severe depression of the past few years. Industry consolidation continues, in the United States and abroad. Excess capacity has eased, although it still exists because of the misguided efforts of some nations to meddle in the steel business. We even see in China a new recognition that the Chinese people don’t have to produce all their steel needs at home. More work remains to be done by the global steel industry and by governments. Of greatest concern is that the old problems will resurface if governments continue to subsidize new capacity and existing industries. We remain adamant in our defense of fair trade and will continue to point out examples of unfair trade policies and practices until they are fixed.
The improved environment, however, did not change our fundamental, four-part strategic approach:
Optimize existing operations. We completed the final project of our three-year bar mill modernization program, starting up the new melt shop at Nucor Steel Texas on time and under budget. We will be spending an additional $415.0 million in capital expenditures, separate from acquisitions, in 2005. Our sheet mills continue to make solid progress in a number of key areas, upgrading our product and customer mix, improving quality and on-time delivery, and continuing to focus on cost reduction and strengthening of our marketing skills. We currently have three vacuum degassing facilities at our sheet mills, allowing us to produce some of the highest quality sheet steels available today. We recently announced plans for the addition of vacuum degassers at the sheet mills in Arkansas and Alabama, which will enable us to produce higher grades of sheet steel for automotive and appliance customers in the Southern United States and Mexico. We also continue to make great strides in identifying and transferring best practices across all of our divisions, a process we call BESTmarking.
Pursue strategic acquisitions. In June 2004, we agreed to purchase substantially all of the steelmaking assets of Corus Tuscaloosa, a plate mill that manufactures coiled and cut-to-length plate steel products. The acquisition has been an instant success, already paying for itself. In August, we purchased Worthington Industries’ 1,000,000-ton cold rolling mill in Decatur, Alabama. In January 2005, we agreed to buy the assets of Fort Howard Steel’s Oak Creek, Wisconsin, operations, which produce cold finished bar product. Our leadership position in all bar products is now second to none and a major part of our business success.
  Daniel R. DiMicco
Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
4
Continue greenfield growth via the commercialization of new technologies. And grow globally through joint ventures. We have a lot to report on these two critical pieces of our strategy. Together, these developments build our product line horizontally and vertically.
We have now successfully commercialized the Castrip® process. Our Crawfordsville, Indiana, Castrip plant, the world’s first production installation for the direct strip casting of carbon sheet steel, cast a record four consecutive ladles in July, then topped that with seven complete ladles of steel over a 10-hour period a month later. Total throughput for the record was 832 tons. Our Castrip production has advanced to the point that we are routinely casting over 6,000 tons per week of high quality sheet steels. We are now confident about proceeding with the next step and will begin opening new Castrip facilities in North America and forming joint ventures with our partners at Bluescope Steel (through Castrip LLC) and others around the world.
In 2004, we entered into a joint venture with Harris Steel Group, the second largest independent rebar fabricator in the United States, adding downstream integration from our bar mills into the value-added process. In January 2005, we entered into a second rebar fabrication joint-venture agreement, this time with Ambassador Steel, the nation’s largest independent rebar fabricator, to form Nufab Rebar, LLC.
We also made great strides toward our goal to control one-third of our raw material supply. Achieving this goal would represent between six and seven million tons per year of high-quality scrap substitutes at our current consumption rate. Our raw material strategy, which has been under development during the past several years, is driven by Nucor’s ongoing expansion of our sheet steel product portfolio into higher quality grades.
In September, we exercised our option to acquire the Louisiana assets of American Iron Reduction (“AIR”). The AIR facility is a 1.4-million-metric-tons-per-year direct reduced iron plant utilizing MidrexTM MEGAMOD technology. We have begun implementing a plan to relocate the AIR plant to Trinidad and expand annual capacity to 1.8 million metric tons.
Our HIsmelt® project, a joint venture with The Rio Tinto Group, Mitsubishi Corporation and Chinese steelmaker Shougang Corporation, is preparing to open a facility in Western Australia. We expect the facility to open in the second quarter of this year. The HIsmelt process uses iron ore fines and coal fines of all qualities to directly produce liquid iron with better environmental results and less energy consumed than standard iron-making technologies. The facility’s annual capacity is 800,000 metric tons.
Our “Green Pig” joint venture, Ferro Gusa Carajás S.A., with Companhia Vale do Rio Doce (CVRD) is completing a facility in northern Brazil that will produce pig iron in an environmentally friendly manner. The first module will use conventional mini blast furnaces to produce 380,000 metric tons of pig iron annually. During the third quarter of 2004, we began constructing the first mini blast furnace and installing the first charcoal kiln sites. The project had experienced bureaucratic delays through the permitting process; however, the project is now moving ahead strongly and remains an important part of our raw material strategy.
The years 2001 through 2003 were among the most challenging in steel industry history. Now that pricing and profits have recovered, another challenge presents itself. When times are good, it’s easy to lose focus. We can never afford to do that. We remain as committed as ever to our goal: to take care of our customers by being the safest, highest quality, lowest cost, most productive and most profitable steel and steel products company in the world.
In good times and bad, 10,600 employees have demonstrated an extraordinary level of care, creativity and commitment. We have an incredible story to share with the rest of America, and it’s the story of the remarkable work our employees do every single day, safely and productively. They make me proud to be a Nucor employee.
What does the future hold for our Company? Whatever we are willing to work together to achieve! Our journey is up a mountain with no peak... A continuous journey of challenges faced and challenges met... Of problems that become opportunities that in turn result in new achievements... Our best years are truly still ahead of us.
Let’s Continue to do it TOGETHER!
Daniel R. DiMicco
Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
   It’s Our Nature.®

 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
5
Nucor’s net sales for 2004 were a record $11.38 billion, an increase of 82% from $6.27 billion in 2003. Net earnings were a record $1.12 billion, about 18 times greater than the $62.8 million earned in 2003, and an increase of 261% from our prior record of $310.9 million set in 2000.
This exceptional performance was the result of the continued successful implementation of our long-term growth plan, combined with excellent market conditions. Through investment in existing operations and acquisitions, we have increased hot rolled steel production capacity from 13,000,000 tons in 2000, to 20,700,000 tons today. Metal margin, the spread between selling prices and scrap costs, improved dramatically in 2004 from the depressed levels of 2003. Nucor’s implementation of a raw material surcharge in January 2004 helped offset the impact of highly volatile scrap prices.
Nucor’s utilization rate in 2004 improved to 96% of production capacity (an average of all operating facilities). As a result, Nucor established new records in 2004 for steel production, total steel shipments and steel shipments to outside customers. Steel production in 2004 increased 13% to 19,737,000 tons, compared to 17,441,000 tons in 2003. Total steel
shipments improved by 10% to 19,464,000 tons in 2004, compared with 17,656,000 tons a year earlier. Steel shipments to outside customers increased 9% to 17,787,000 tons in 2004, compared with 16,263,000 tons in 2003. Nucor also achieved gains in the steel products segment as steel joist production was 522,000 tons in 2004, compared with 503,000 tons in 2003. Steel deck sales were 364,000 tons, compared with 353,000 tons in 2003. Cold finished steel sales increased to 271,000 tons, compared with 237,000 tons in 2003. Building systems sales were 113,000 tons in 2004, compared with 76,000 tons a year earlier.
Nucor’s success is built on a foundation of conservative financial and accounting practices and plain language, easy-to-understand financial reporting. We have a simple capital structure with no off-balance sheet liabilities. The company recorded a new high in cash provided by operations of $1.03 billion in 2004, compared to $494.6 million in an economically depressed 2003. At the end of 2004, Nucor’s cash and short-term investments grew to $779.0 million, with a low percentage of debt to total capital of 20%. We are committed to maintaining our strong financial position and believe our industry-high credit rating gives us additional competitive advantage in a consolidating industry.
Nucor has increased its cash dividend every year since it began paying dividends in 1973. Due to our exceptional performance, Nucor increased its cash dividend twice in 2004 and again in the first quarter of 2005. In addition to an increased base dividend of $0.15 per share, Nucor is paying a supplemental dividend of $0.25 to stockholders of record on March 31, 2005. This additional dividend is the first installment of a total supplemental dividend estimated to be $1.00 paid over four consecutive quarters.
Nucor’s success is driven by its 10,600 employees, and supported by an outstanding core of customers, suppliers and stockholders. We believe Nucor is well positioned to continue its strong performance in 2005.
Sincerely,
Terry S. Lisenby
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President
  Terry S. Lisenby
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President
   It’s Our Nature.®

 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
6
  Peter C. Browning Non-Executive Chairman
When you’re in a global cyclical business with such dramatic highs and lows as the steel industry, it’s easy to lose focus. Successful companies concentrate on the things they can control.
During the recent trough in the steel industry cycle, Nucor’s management focused on key success factors: lowering costs, boosting productivity and improving existing facilities. Nucor made significant investments in greenfield operations in the late 1990s and the start of this decade, investments that would take time to become significant, consistent contributors to Nucor’s profits.
We’re now starting to see the pay-off while enjoying the results of one other critical element of management’s efforts the past few years: strategic acquisitions. More than half of Nucor’s bar mills have become part of the company since 2000. We have also acquired major sheet and plate operations, as well as a variety of new technologies with high growth potential.
It’s not hard to make acquisitions; it is challenging to integrate them successfully. Nucor has developed the capacity to effectively integrate new operations into its culture, optimizing the acquired facilities’ operations far beyond old standards.
Management continued in 2004 to focus on critical factors it could control. In response to historic changes in raw materials costs, Nucor implemented an appropriate pricing strategy. Meanwhile, the company made significant progress in several ventures to develop new technologies that will give Nucor improved quality and control of its raw materials supply, driving the next phase of success regardless of where we are in the steel industry cycle.
The board of directors congratulates Dan DiMicco and the entire Nucor team of 10,600 employees for the record-breaking year and, most importantly, for their hard work and critical strategic initiatives in those challenging years preceding 2004.
As a consequence, the board was pleased to approve management’s recommendation that Nucor’s hard working employees receive two special cash bonuses of $1,000 each in July and November, in addition to their regular profit-sharing payments, as a way of recognizing everyone’s dedication and extraordinary efforts.
Sincerely,
Peter C. Browning Non-Executive Chairman
   It’s Our Nature.®
