 tO Our stOckHOlDers
 3
 Fellow Stockholders:
The year 2008 proved to be exceptionally volatile with three quarters of record earnings followed by a dramatic reversal in all of our markets in the final three months of the year. Despite these circumstances we are proud to report that
the 21,700 men and women of Nucor delivered our fifth consecutive record year in sales and a new record year for net earnings. In addition to achieving record earnings and sales, Nucor is well positioned to grow even stronger as we enter into a deep and potentially prolonged recessionary period.
Financial Highlights
In 2008, Nucor earned a record $1.83 billion or $5.98
per diluted share, an increase of 24% from $1.47 billion,
or $4.94 per diluted share, in 2007. Consolidated net
sales increased 43% to a record $23.66 billion, compared with $16.59 billion in 2007. Cash flow from operations for 2008 was a record $2.50 billion, an increase of 29% from
a very strong $1.94 billion in 2007. Cash and short term investments at the end of 2008 were $2.36 billion compared to $1.58 billion last year-end.
Nucor’s successful performance and position of strength as we enter a very uncertain economic cycle are not accidental. They are the result of consistently applied business principles focused on growing long-term shareholder value. These principles include conservative financial and accounting practices and plain language, easy-to-understand financial reporting, together with an
operational culture focused on safety, quality, efficient low-cost production and continual improvement. They also include the disciplined execution of a multi-pronged growth strategy, which we will review for you shortly.
Nucor’s strong financial performance in 2008 allowed us to continue rewarding our shareholders with an increased base dividend and strong supplemental dividend. Total dividends declared in 2008 were $1.91 per share, an almost ten-fold increase over the split-adjusted $0.20 per share declared in 2003, but a 22% decrease from the $2.44 per share declared in 2007.
Our base dividend has been increased every year since we began paying dividends in 1973. Our supplemental dividend was reduced at the beginning of 2008 to reflect reduced earnings in 2007. In December 2008, we declared an increase in our quarterly base dividend to $0.35 per share, a seven times increase over the total dividend declared in December 2003 and
a 9% increase from the prior quarter. We also decided in December to suspend the supplemental dividend in light of the uncertain economic conditions. Our supplemental dividend policy, as stated when we established the supplemental dividend in early 2005, depends on many factors, including Nucor’s earnings, cash flows and financial position, as well as current market conditions and future prospects for the economy and Nucor. With today’s unsettled market conditions, we believe it is important to maintain Nucor’s extremely strong financial position and strategic flexibility.
Nucor completed two major capital initiatives in 2008, raising approximately $3 billion in capital, to support some of the most significant growth investments in the history of the company. In May 2008, Nucor completed a public stock offering selling approximately 27.7 million shares at a price of $74.00 per share, with net proceeds of approximately $1.99 billion. In June 2008, Nucor issued $1 billion in debt in three tranches: $250 million 5% notes due 2013, $500 million 5.85% notes due 2018 and $250 million 6.4% notes due 2037. Nucor is the only North American company in the metals and mining sector to carry an A+ and A1 credit rating from Standard and Poor’s and Moody’s credit rating agencies, respectively. This competitive advantage
terry s. lisenby
chief financial Officer, treasurer and executive Vice President
  Daniel r. Dimicco chairman, President and chief executive Officer

 4
allowed us to raise attractively priced capital during a very difficult year in the capital markets. Nucor’s high credit rating, combined with our strong balance sheet and cash position, are key reasons why we are so confident that Nucor’s best years are still ahead of us. Let us explain.
Position of Strength
Prior to 2004, the start of the strong economic cycle that lasted until the latter half of 2008, our record annual earnings had been $311 million, achieved in 2000. When the downturn hit in 2001, we managed to reduce costs – without layoffs – and maintain profitability while company after company in our industry sought bankruptcy protection or closed for good. During this time
our entire team worked hard to position Nucor for the next growth period using our strong balance sheet to complete strategic investments in acquisitions and improvements to our existing operations. You have seen the payoff. From the start of 2004 through the end of 2008, our net income averaged approximately $375 million per quarter – easily topping our previous record for an entire year. We expect once again to exit this severe recessionary period in a stronger competitive situation than when it began.
Strategic Growth Initiatives
Our multi-pronged growth strategy continues to position Nucor to deliver strong long-term returns on your valuable capital. Acquisitions are one piece of our four-pronged growth strategy, along with optimization of existing operations, greenfield growth to capitalize on new technologies and marketplace niches, and international growth through joint ventures. Our growth strategy is further enhanced by the establishment of three additional Nucor growth platforms: scrap processing, rebar fabrication and international operations.
As always, we are selective in pursuing acquisition opportunities, particularly in assuring a cultural fit with Nucor. In February 2008, Nucor completed the acquisition of The David J. Joseph Company (“DJJ”) and related affiliates for a cash purchase price
of approximately $1.44 billion, the largest acquisition in our history. DJJ represents an ideal fit with a talented management team and a best-in-class business model. In fact, Keith Grass, the President of DJJ, has been added to our senior management team as a Nucor Executive Vice President. Like our acquisition of Harris Steel in 2007, DJJ immediately became a Nucor growth platform for strategic acquisitions and greenfield investments. By the end of 2008, we had added approximately one million tons of scrap processing and 23 locations via four scrap processing acquisitions executed by the DJJ management team, and our DJJ team is just getting started. Our total annual scrap processing capacity is now approaching five million tons.
We also made progress on our vertical integration strategy, as our Harris Steel rebar-fabrication growth platform acquired Ambassador Steel Corporation in August 2008, for a cash purchase price of about $185.1 million. At closing, Harris Steel
also repaid Ambassador’s bank debt of approximately $135.6 million. Our strategy of growing our business downstream is providing strong margins, high profitability and the most diversified product base among North American steel and steel product manufacturers.
As noted earlier, Nucor also has established an international growth platform by opening a European office and executing a joint- venture investment with Duferco S.A. In July 2008, Nucor acquired 50% of the stock of Duferdofin-Nucor S.r.l. for approximately $667 million. Duferdofin-Nucor operates a steel melt shop and bloom/billet caster in San Zeno, Italy, as well as rolling mills in Pallanzeno in the Piedmont region and Giammoro in Sicily. Total production in the joint venture’s fiscal year ended September 30, 2008 was approximately 980,000 metric tons. A new merchant bar mill has been under construction at the Giammoro plant and was substantially completed at the end of 2008. The new mill at Giammoro has an annual capacity of 450,000 metric tons and will start up later in 2009 when market conditions warrant. We expect to make further international investments in years to come.
This past year was also exceptional for greenfield growth. We have substantially completed construction of our second Castrip® facility in Arkansas, and we commenced operations at a Building Systems plant in Utah and a special bar quality mill in Memphis. We also announced the opening of the previously idle Kingman, Arizona, rolling mill we acquired in 2003, with operations scheduled to begin in the second quarter of 2009, and we substantially completed construction of a $150 million galvanizing facility located at our sheet mill in Decatur, Alabama.
We made significant progress on our plans to build a state-of-the-art blast furnace to produce pig iron. This project will be the largest greenfield investment in Nucor’s history. As 2009 begins, we are still actively exploring sites in Louisiana and South

America and will make a final recommendation to our board of directors pending the outcome of the permitting process, site selection and a final evaluation of project economics.
Growing our business and optimizing our operations is a continuous process. We talk about “climbing a mountain without a peak” to describe our constant improvements. We can take pride in what we have accomplished, but we are never satisfied.
Environmental Stewardship
Nucor is the largest recycler in North America with approximately 20 million tons of scrap iron and steel converted into new products in 2008. As the largest electric arc furnace based steel producer in North America, Nucor is a major reason the U.S. iron and steel industry is able to produce the same amount of steel today as in 1990 with approximately 40% fewer greenhouse gas emissions. Nucor has also taken a leadership role in drafting and lobbying for legislation requiring the removal of mercury switches from scrapped automobiles. In 2008 we began training programs in states where we make steel to help independent scrap yards recover these environmentally hazardous materials. The results have justified our years of persistence. In 2008, for the first time in history, the mercury from approximately one million switches was properly recycled instead of being released into our environment.
In 2008, Nucor Steel Nebraska was added to the Environmental Protection Agency’s elite National Environmental Performance Track program, which already included Nucor Steel Auburn, Inc. in the state of New York. We continue to improve our environmental performance by operating ISO 14001 certified environment management system programs (we expect all of our mills to achieve
this certification by the end of 2009), aggressively pursuing energy conservation opportunities and emphasizing that improving environmental performance is the individual responsibility of every Nucor teammate. Through these and similar efforts, we continue to shrink our environmental footprint while increasing the amount of steel that is recycled in the United States.
Global Economic Conditions
The crisis that began in the housing and financial markets is of such a magnitude that it has now impacted the global economy. The business environment has become significantly more challenging for everyone, including Nucor.
We strongly believe that fixing the crisis will require long-term thinking and long-term solutions. It is time for our nation to address long overdue energy and infrastructure needs, to restore America’s manufacturing base with sound fiscal and trade policies, and to restructure our financial markets with proper safeguards in place and enforced. Quite simply, the United States must get back to the business of making things and managing trade to our benefit, not our detriment. Many of our trading partners have turned trade management into both an art and a science and very much a distortion to their advantage. We must also make significant progress toward energy independence and the rebuilding of our physical infrastructure. A strong domestic manufacturing base combined with coherent energy and trade policies will provide the types of jobs that will fuel sustainable growth and a rising standard of living.
If recent initiatives taken by governments throughout the world prove to be successful, then businesses should see significantly improved access to capital and, hopefully, improved economic activity in late 2009. We remain strong believers in the long-term trend of global infrastructure investment, particularly in developing economies, and the resulting longer-term growth in demand for steel and other commodities. It will be this resurgent global growth in steel demand and the long overdue domestic energy policy reform and infrastructure rebuilding, as well as coherent trade policies, that will help drive our growth and profitability in the years ahead.
Closing Thoughts
Our company has an unrivaled position of strength in North America’s steel industry, which is built around these foundations:
• Our strong balance sheet, cash position and credit rating combined with our conservative financial practices
• Our cost structure, which is both highly variable and significant in the range of variability
• Our goal to take care of our customers, as evidenced by our strong customer satisfaction ratings
• Our successful focus on innovation and continual improvement
• Our diversified product mix – the most diversified in North America
• Our stringent discipline of walking away from acquisitions that fail to satisfy our acquisition principles, and
• Most important of all, our culture and our people
 5

 6
These strengths are important. They position us to build upon Nucor’s long history of taking advantage of economic downturns
to expand our long-term earnings power. With our strong culture and the can-do attitude and energy from our 21,700 teammates, we will continue to find opportunities to build Nucor into an even better company tomorrow than it is today, WITH OuR BEST YEARS STILL TO COME!
Before closing our comments, we want to thank each and every Nucor, DJJ and Harris teammate for helping us to achieve another record year. We also want to thank our stockholders for their continued investment in Nucor.
Thank you all,
Daniel R. DiMicco
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Terry S. Lisenby
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President
Our goal is to
“take care Of Our custOmers.”
We are accomplishing this by being the safest, highest quality, lowest cost,
most productive
and most profitable steel and steel products
company in the world.
We are committed to doing this while being
cultural and environmental stewards
in our communities where we
live and work. We are succeeding by working together.
  
 In previous years, the board has complimented Nucor’s management team and employees for their ability to produce strong results in a variety of economic environments. That sentiment was never more appropriate than this past year. In 2008, the Nucor team navigated the transition from explosive global demand to a sudden drop-off sparked by the crisis in the national and global financial markets.
The board recognizes Dan DiMicco, the entire management group and the rest of the 21,700-strong Nucor team for producing record results in 2008 while adjusting decisively to the severe economic slow-down late in the year. They accomplished this while making some of the most significant moves in Nucor’s well- established growth strategy through ventures with global partners and increasing vertical integration. The joint venture with Duferco S.A., called Duferdofin-Nucor S.r.l., is Nucor’s first investment
in steel manufacturing outside of North America. And the $1.44 billion purchase of The David J. Joseph Company, a provider of scrap processing, brokerage and other services, is the largest acquisition in Nucor’s history. Dan and Terry discuss these growth initiatives in more detail in their letter.
Their success in growing Nucor through the last economic expansion is reflected in Nucor being named to the BusinessWeek 50 for the third time in four years. The magazine ranks the nation’s top performing companies every year based on three-year return on investment and sales growth. Because of BusinessWeek’s criteria, repeating on the list from year to year is extremely difficult.
Finally, we would like to welcome Chris Kearney to our board of directors. Chris, 53, who joined our board in October, is the chairman, president and chief executive officer of SPX Corporation. Chris brings us to our full complement of nine board members. SPX is a multi-industry manufacturing leader, focused on providing solutions that support the expansion of global infrastructure, with particular emphasis on the growing worldwide demand for energy and power. In addition to his leadership skills, Chris brings a wealth of global manufacturing experience to our board.
Peter C. Browning Lead Director
Peter c. Browning lead Director
    7
