 tO Our stOckHOlDers
 5
Fellow stockholders:
After three consecutive years of record earnings, Nucor faced a number of market challenges in 2007. The U.S. economy slowed, scrap prices increased and global overcapacity fed by government-subsidized products from China resulted in record imports. We are proud of the way the 18,000 men and women on our team rose to meet these challenges and lead Nucor to the second-best earnings year in our history.
In 2007 Nucor earned $1.47 billion, or $4.94 per diluted share, down 13 percent from a record $1.76 billion, or $5.68 per diluted share, in 2006. Consolidated net sales increased 12 percent to a record $16.59 billion, compared with $14.75 billion a year ago.
Nucor’s financial success is built on a foundation of conservative business practices, including our financial and accounting policies and plain language, easy-to-understand financial reporting. Cash flow from operations was a very strong $1.94 billion, compared
to last year’s record of $2.25 billion, as depressed sheet steel pricing offset strong markets for bars, plate and structural steel and our continued growth in sales. We finished 2007 with cash and short-term investments of $1.58 billion compared to $2.20 billion at the end of 2006.
Our strong earnings performance and continued financial strength have allowed us to further reward our stockholders through increased dividends and share repurchases. Nucor has increased its base dividend every year since we began paying dividends in 1973. Through 2007, we have also declared 12 supplemental dividends. Overall in 2007, cash dividends declared increased 13% to $2.44 per share, from $2.15 per share in 2006. Also in 2007, we repurchased 14.1 million shares of our common stock for $754.0 million, or about $53 per share, and in September, our board of directors authorized additional stock repurchases of up to 30 million shares. Since we reactivated our share repurchase program in the second quarter of 2005, we have repurchased 36.9 million shares for a total purchase price of $1.64 billion, or about $44.50 per share. This repurchase activity represents about 10% of our issued and outstanding shares (on a split adjusted basis) at the end of 2004.
In support of our continued growth, Nucor completed two major financing activities in 2007. In November, Nucor amended its five-year unsecured revolving credit facility, increasing the amount to $1 billion and extending the term to November 2012. In addition, on November 28, 2007, Nucor issued $300 million in 5.00% notes due in 2012, $600 million of 5.75% notes due in 2017 and $400 million in 6.40% notes due in 2037. This attractively-priced financing was issued in the midst of troubled capital markets and gives evidence to the competitive advantage Nucor enjoys as the only North American company in the metals and mining sector to carry an A+ and A1 credit rating from the Moody’s and Standard and Poor’s ratings agencies.
This past year illustrated the payoff from the disciplined execution of our growth strategy. As you have heard us say many times before, our strategy is focused on generating higher highs and higher lows through the economic steel market cycles. The $311 million we earned in 2000, the last cyclical peak in the U.S. economy, was an annual record for our company at that time. Our earnings for the last nine consecutive quarters have topped $311 million.
Behind the numbers are several important facts. For years, we have been one of the world’s most diversified steel and steel products manufacturers. In 2007, we enhanced our product diversity and made significant steps forward in our strategy to expand our ownership of downstream businesses. Vertical integration has been a successful strategy for Nucor for nearly four decades. In addition to consistently generating attractive returns, these downstream businesses provide a profitable base load of volume for Nucor's steel mills through the economic cycle.
  Daniel r. Dimicco chairman, President and chief executive Officer
 terry s. lisenby
chief financial Officer, treasurer and executive Vice President
 
 6
maNaGemeNt’s DiscussiON aND aNalYsis Of fiNaNcial cONDitiON aND results Of OPeratiONs
In March of 2007 Nucor acquired Harris Steel Group for a cash purchase price of approximately $1.06 billion, initially adding 770,000 tons of rebar fabrication capacity and over 350,000 tons of capacity in other downstream steel products. As we planned, the Harris team is operating as a growth platform within Nucor and has completed several acquisitions including rebar fabricator South Pacific Steel Corporation in June 2007, Consolidated Rebar, Inc. in August 2007, a 90% equity interest in rebar fabricator Barker Steel Company, Inc. in December 2007 and other smaller transactions. During 2007, the Harris rebar fabrication business has grown by over 37% to 1,058,000 tons of capacity, and we expect this growth to continue.
In August 2007, Nucor acquired LMP Steel & Wire Company for a cash purchase price of approximately $27.2 million, adding 100,000 tons of cold drawn steel capacity. In October 2007, Nucor completed the acquisition of Nelson Steel, Inc. for a cash purchase price of approximately $53.2 million, adding 120,000 tons of steel mesh capacity. These acquisitions, combined with the Laurel Steel, Fisher & Ludlow and LEC businesses that came with the Harris acquisition and some internal organic growth, have increased our cold finish and drawn products’ capacity by over 75% from 490,000 tons in 2006 to 860,000 tons at the end of 2007. In addition, we now
have 90,000 tons of steel grating capacity and our steel mesh capacity has almost tripled to 233,000 tons per year.
In the third quarter of 2007 we completed the acquisition of Magnatrax Corporation, a leading provider of custom-engineered metal buildings, for a cash purchase price of approximately $275.2 million. The Magnatrax acquisition, combined with our existing Building Systems divisions, has made Nucor the nation’s second largest metal building producer, more than doubling our annual capacity to 435,000 tons. We have now completed construction of our newest Buildings Systems division in Brigham City, Utah, bringing our current capacity to 480,000 tons of pre-engineered metal buildings.
It was only a year ago that we were telling you about our acquisition of the Verco steel decking business and the pending acquisition of Harris Steel. Starting with the November 2006 acquisition of Verco, we have nearly doubled our value-added steel products’ annual capacity to approximately four million tons. This product line diversity helped us generate 2007’s strong profits despite difficult sheet market conditions and a sharp decline in bar mill shipments early in the year.
As 2008 began, we announced a joint venture agreement with Switzerland's Duferco Group to manufacture steel beams in Italy and distribute them in Europe and North Africa, further diversifying our portfolio of products and markets served. We expect this joint venture to be established in the first half of 2008, pending completion of due diligence, approval of regulatory bodies and approval of the boards of directors of both companies.
Acquisitions and joint ventures are only part of the multi-pronged growth strategy that has guided us successfully for many years.
We continue to optimize our existing operations and pursue greenfield growth where we can capitalize on significant cost advantages. Our reconstructed special bar quality (“SBQ”) mill in Memphis, Tennessee, is scheduled to open in the second quarter of this year.
We have recently opened our fourth Nucor Building Systems facility in Brigham City, Utah, and later in 2008 we will begin operations at our second Castrip® production facility, at Nucor-Yamato Steel in Blytheville, Arkansas, and our Sheet Mill Group’s fourth galvanizing line in Decatur, Alabama.
In addition to our downstream acquisitions, we have been executing our well-established strategy regarding the other end of our supply chain – control over a larger portion of our raw materials stream. This strategy calls for Nucor to control six to seven million tons per year of high-quality scrap substitutes, or about one-third of our current metallics usage, as a hedge against the volatility in the price of the low-residual scrap grades used by our sheet and SBQ mills. We made major progress on this strategy in 2007, beginning with the very successful start-up of Nu-Iron Unlimited, our two million tons per year direct reduced iron plant in Trinidad. Nu-Iron produced over 1.4 million tons in its first year of operation. Our Trinidad team is already exploring opportunities to increase Nu-Iron's capacity. Our HIsmelt joint venture in Australia continues to make progress with technology that converts iron ore fines and coal to liquid metal. The plant recently completed its best ever iron-making campaign and at times reached 80% of name plate capacity.
In February 2008, complementing our raw material strategy, Nucor announced an agreement to acquire The David J. Joseph Company (“DJJ”) for a cash purchase price of approximately $1.44 billion. We are especially excited about this transaction because we have had a long relationship with DJJ, and as with Harris Steel in rebar fabrication, this strategic investment provides an ideal platform for Nucor to expand its direct ownership in the steel scrap supply chain. We expect to complete this purchase in the first quarter of 2008.

 In 2007, we made significant progress toward our goal of being fully ISO 14001 certified with 16 of our steel mills having achieved this milestone. ISO 14001 is a widely accepted international standard certifying facilities that install and document high quality environmental practices.
Meeting certifications does not tell the full story of how committed we are to being a global leader in environmental performance.
Our Decatur, Alabama, sheet mill provides an illustration. The mill uses a measuring device called an opacity monitor, which gives precise, minute-by-minute readings of the air quality that passes through the bag house and out of the mill’s exhaust system. Many of our peers resist using opacity monitors because they document any time a mill’s exhaust is out of compliance with its permits, even momentarily. Our team in Decatur saw the opacity monitor as a potential tool to improve environmental performance. They developed the expertise to read the monitor so well that they can pinpoint in just a few minutes the first signs of a problem in any of the nearly 7,000 bags in the bag house – before those problems turn into increased emissions. Their early-warning system works so well that the division has applied for a patent on the process, with an eye toward licensing to other companies.
That’s the kind of “can-do” spirit you’ll find throughout Nucor. When we wrote to you last year, Nucor employed 11,900 people. Today, that figure is just over 18,000, which means our team grew faster in 2007 than in any other year in our history. You have heard us say this many times: Nucor’s most significant competitive advantage is our people. Through all of our growth, we maintain and build a strong culture that supports the right people working together as a team to take care of our customers, a winning combination. Since 2000, our net sales have more than tripled, our earnings have increased five-fold, and the number of operating divisions has more than doubled.
To keep on top of this rapid growth in our organization, we realized it was critical to add additional talent to our executive management team in our Charlotte corporate office. In September, our board of directors promoted Executive Vice President John Ferriola to the new position of Chief Operating Officer of steelmaking operations. John now has responsibility for all of our steel mill operations.
Two of our general managers joined the corporate management team as executive vice presidents. Ladd Hall is Executive Vice President of flat rolled products, and Joe Stratman is Executive Vice President of beam and plate products. They, along with Mike Parrish, Executive Vice President of bar products, report to John. Continuing to report to the CEO, along with John, will be Ham Lott, Executive Vice President for fabricated products, Joe Rutkowski, Executive Vice President for business development, and Terry Lisenby, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Upon completion of the pending acquisition of DJJ, Keith Grass will continue in his role leading that business and will join our management team as an Executive Vice President reporting to John Ferriola.
We are very excited about these moves. Our company will benefit from the addition of Ladd and Joe, two exceptional leaders, to our executive management team. With John Ferriola focused on operations, Dan will be able to devote even more energy to areas critical
to our next phase of growth at Nucor. These areas of focus include domestic and international strategy, emerging technologies, and spending more time visiting our operations to strengthen our special Nucor culture. In addition, we will stay fully engaged in the ongoing fight for enforcement of our nation's trade laws, trade agreements and true free, rules-based trading, in order to achieve a level playing field for America's vital manufacturing base.
The global steel industry has undergone significant rationalization and has more discipline now than we have seen in our combined 54 years in the business. There is one exception, and it’s a big one: China. Quite simply, we have a fiduciary responsibility to our stockholders, employees and customers to address this most important issue. As you have heard us say before, China is making a mockery of real free trade. Free trade is law-based trade, driven by true competitive advantage. By contrast, China's steel and steel products business is an exporting machine with a staggering amount of excess capacity, driven by massive government subsidies, currency manipulation and abuse of the environment — in short Mercantilism — protectionism in its true form. This protectionism is why China cannot be considered a responsible member of either the global trade community or the global steel industry as long as the country continues these practices.
After working very hard to call attention to these abuses, we are very encouraged by the way that the U.S. International Trade Commission and the rest of the world are responding to these issues. The European Union has spoken out against excessive Chinese imports, and actions are being taken to the World Trade Organization by a number of countries. This abuse is a global issue, not just a domestic issue. We will continue to call attention to the need for true free trade and will work hard to make this an important issue in the upcoming national elections.
7

 8
maNaGemeNt’s DiscussiON aND aNalYsis Of fiNaNcial cONDitiON aND results Of OPeratiONs
We are pleased and encouraged to see the payoff from our hard work in so many ways, from progress toward more equitable global trade, to successful acquisitions, to new facilities preparing to start up, and to the second-best earnings year in our history. But our team is never satisfied. Every day, we are aggressively pursuing continual improvement, “climbing a mountain without a peak.” We see more exciting growth and ever-better days ahead of us.
Our Team is doing it Together!
Daniel R. DiMicco
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Terry S. Lisenby
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President
Our goal is to
“take care Of Our custOmers.”
We are accomplishing this by being the safest, highest quality, lowest cost,
most productive
and most profitable steel and steel products
company in the world.
We are committed to doing this while being
cultural and environmental stewards
in our communities where we
live and work. We are succeeding by working together.
  
   Peter c. Browning lead Director
While again facing many challenges, Nucor produced very strong earnings in 2007.
As Dan DiMicco and Terry Lisenby detail in their letter, Nucor continues to execute a growth strategy, building a diversified product base that helped the company weather difficult markets for some key product groups. Imports, particularly from China, remained at high levels. Scrap and scrap substitute prices rose. A wide range of projects and potential acquisitions moved through critical stages. Under these conditions, Nucor thrived and grew. On behalf of the board of directors, I would like to congratulate Dan, Terry and all 18,000 members of the Nucor team on a job well done.
As does Institutional Investor magazine. For the fourth consecutive year, Dan was selected as one of the top Chief Executive Officers in the magazine’s Metals and Mining category. The award, voted on by the nation’s leading institutional investors, recognizes the exceptional leadership of not only Dan but the entire Nucor management team. Earlier last year, an Institutional Investor poll of portfolio managers and brokerage firm research analysts named Nucor to their list of America’s Most Shareholder Friendly Companies and ranked Nucor No. 1 in the Metals and Mining category. And finally, Nucor is one of only 21 companies to make Forbes magazine’s Best Big Companies list every year since its inception in 1999, and Nucor’s annualized return of 38% over the last five years is best among those 21 Honor Roll companies.
As always, these awards recognize the importance of the continuing contributions of each and every member of the entire Nucor team.
We would like to welcome John Walker to our board of directors. John, the chief executive officer of Global Brass and Copper, Inc., is
a respected industry veteran with 25 years of metals industry experience. On January 1, John took the place of Raymond Milchovich, who left our board after five outstanding years of service because of personal and professional demands on his time. The board thanks Ray for his many contributions.
In closing, our board congratulates Sam Siegel, Nucor’s former vice chairman and chief financial officer. In 2007, Sam was inducted into the Financial Executives International (“FEI”) Hall of Fame, which recognizes individuals who epitomize the performance, leadership and integrity of the most exemplary financial executives throughout their careers. Sam joined Nucor in 1961, became controller in 1964, joined the board of directors in 1968 and was named vice chairman in 1991. Sam, who retired in 1999, played a critical role in the transformation of the company from a struggling conglomerate to the leading steel and steel products company we are today. His induction into the FEI Hall of Fame is another opportunity to thank him for his pivotal role in Nucor’s success.
Sincerely,
Peter C. Browning Lead Director
  9
