 tO Our stOckhOlDErs
 3
Fellow Stockholders:
For the steel industry, 2010 was, unfortunately, an experience of déjà vu. The economic recovery sputtered, gross domestic product growth remained below the historic 3% level needed to boost steel demand, and non-residential construction dropped nearly 23% from 2009’s already severely depressed levels. Under these conditions, we were able to improve our earnings performance, but as 2011 begins there are still no significant signs of a robust economic recovery. What we see instead is a slow and gradual improvement in demand for our products in the coming year. Capacity utilization will continue to improve as demand improves. Margin growth will depend on raw material price volatility and our ability to increase and hold pricing in that environment. Our success will depend on how well the overall economy does in exceeding the 3% minimum historic growth rate needed for steel consumption to grow.
Now more than ever, the strengths that have come to define Nucor are critical: the support of a strong, conservative financial position, the continued execution of our long-term growth strategy and, most of all, our people.
I want to thank everyone on our team at Nucor and our Harris Steel and David
J. Joseph (DJJ) operations for working safely and continuing to battle through the tough times in the economy. Their talent and can-do attitude are the reasons
Nucor will continue our long history of emerging from downturns stronger than we entered them. When a robust economic recovery finally begins, and it will, our team’s efforts will pay big dividends to all members of the Nucor family, particularly our stockholders.
Financial Highlights
In 2010, Nucor reported consolidated net earnings of $134.1 million, or $0.42 per diluted share, reversing a net loss of $293.6 million, or $0.94 per diluted share, in 2009. However, our 2010 earnings were only a fraction of our annual earnings during the preceding five-year economic growth period.
Consolidated net sales increased 42% to $15.84 billion, compared with $11.19 billion in 2009. Average sales price per ton increased 13%, while total tons shipped to outside customers increased 25%. Although these 2010 operating levels are much improved, it is important
to remember the severity of the economic
recession that began in late 2008. Despite the
still sluggish economy, the price of raw materials remained high and volatile. The average scrap and scrap substitute cost per ton increased 16% to $351, compared with $303 in 2009.
Steel mill utilization increased to 70% from 54% in 2009. By comparison, our utilization rate was over 91% through the first nine months of 2008, prior to the start of the current economic downturn.
In December, the board of directors increased the regular quarterly cash dividend on our common stock to $0.3625 per share from $0.36 per share, continuing its record of increasing the base cash dividend every year since 1973, when Nucor began paying cash dividends. Through the end of 2010, Nucor has made 150 consecutive quarterly cash dividend payments. From 2000 through 2010, Nucor’s base dividend has increased approximately ten-fold.
  Daniel r. Dimicco chairman and chief Executive Officer
  TalenT and Can-dO aTTiTUde are THe reaSOnS nUCOr Will COnTinUe OUr lOng HiSTOry OF eMerging FrOM dOWnTUrnS STrOnger THan We enTered THeM. WHen a rObUST eCOnOMiC reCOvery Finally beginS, and iT Will, OUr TeaM’S eFFOrTS Will pay big dividendS TO all MeMberS OF THe nUCOr FaMily, parTiCUlarly OUr STOCkHOlderS.
 
 4
  real deMand FOr STeel prOdUCTS, parTiCUlarly in nOn-reSidenTial COnSTrUCTiOn MarkeTS, iS experienCing a lOng and SlOW reCOvery. OUr FinanCial STrengTH iS allOWing US TO
COnTinUe THe exeCUTiOn OF OUr lOng-TerM grOWTH STraTegieS.
 Strategic growth initiatives
As we predicted last year, real demand for steel products, particularly in non-residential construction markets, is experiencing a long and slow recovery. Our financial strength is allowing us to continue the execution of our long-term growth strategies. Here are some highlights.
We have recently completed construction of a new heat treating facility at our Hertford County, North Carolina plate mill. Commissioning was conducted at the end of 2010 and our Hertford team began delivering product to outside customers in the first quarter of 2011.
Our second Castrip® mill, in Arkansas, completed its first full year of operation. Our Memphis special bar quality (SBQ) mill built on its successful 2009 opening, attracting customers in the heavy equipment, energy, auto and agricultural markets. Our new galvanizing line in Alabama is ramping up well and is starting trials with several automotive and appliance customers.
In September, we announced plans to build a $750 million ironmaking facility in St. James Parish, Louisiana. The facility, with an annual capacity of 2.5 million tons per year, represents one of the largest investments in our history and an ambitious step forward in our long-term strategy to build our own supply of scrap substitutes. Combined with our expanded two million tons of annual capacity, this first of two direct reduced iron (DRI) units planned for Louisiana will bring us to about two-thirds of our
goal to control six to seven million tons of annual capacity in high-quality scrap substitutes.
In January 2011 we received permits from the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality for the building of two DRI plants, each capable of producing 2.5 million tons of high quality
feedstock for our steel mills. We have now broken ground, ordered the equipment and have begun construction of the first of these two plants. Start-up of production is projected to be in mid-2013. Our recent entry into a very attractive long-term natural gas investment will generate low-cost natural gas to be sold to help offset our exposure to the volatility of the price of gas consumed by this DRI facility.
The new facility will use a proven technology to convert iron ore pellets, utilizing natural gas as the reductant, into high quality DRI. DRI is used by our steel mills, along with recycled scrap, in producing numerous high quality steel products such as sheet, plate and SBQ steel. With 4,000 acres of land in St. James Parish, the new DRI facility is the first phase of a multi-phase plan that may include an additional DRI facility, a coke plant, a blast furnace, a pellet plant and a steel mill. The DRI facility was chosen for the first phase of our project, in place of a blast furnace and cokemaking facility, because it offers one-third
the carbon footprint at less than half the capital cost for the same production level. Equally important, our team operating our first DRI plant in Trinidad has recently achieved world class product quality levels that exceed our very high expectations. This achievement now allows us to use an even larger mix of DRI in our most demanding steel applications.
DJJ, our wholly owned subsidiary, acquired the assets and business of Ocala Recycling LLC., which operates four Florida facilities, including one automobile shredder. Production at the four yards combined totals over 100,000 tons annually. Since joining Nucor in March of 2008, DJJ has added approximately 1.1 million tons of scrap processing capacity and 27 locations through five acquisitions and opened three greenfield facilities.
The Nucor team never rests when it comes to seeking competitive advantage. We are rapidly growing our production of higher value-added products across all of our steel mills and many of our downstream businesses. Most of these new products are being accomplished with no incremental capital while maintaining our competitive edge in the most basic steel products and grades. Let me highlight a few examples in just our plate and structural beam group. Our plate and structural beam group shipped 250,000 tons of new products in 2010 that were not offered in 2009, and we expect to ship almost 500,000 tons of these same new products in full-year 2011. This tonnage complements and is in addition to the tons that will be processed
at our 125,000 tons-per-year heat treat facility at the Hertford plate mill that I discussed earlier. We also expect to produce 200,000 tons per year of incremental cut-to-length and tempered plate as a result of increasing our Tuscaloosa cut-to-length capabilities from 3⁄4 inch to 1 inch maximum thickness. Altogether this represents well over 800,000 tons of new higher value products

at just our plate and structural group. Let me repeat what I mentioned earlier - these are just a few examples. With the exception of the heat treat facility, all of these additions were accomplished with almost no capital spending. This kind of Nucor product capability expansion is happening at every steel mill across the company and at many of our downstream products businesses.
Other value-added product capital projects include our SBQ mill in Memphis, Tennessee, that has ramped up to only half of its full capacity through 2010, our new galvanizing line in Decatur, Alabama, that began operating in mid-2010, and new vacuum degassers planned for both our Hickman, Arkansas, sheet mill and Hertford County, North Carolina, plate mill that we will begin constructing in 2011 and operating in 2012. When we add the other new value-added products that we are producing
at our sheet mills, bar mills, cold finish bar operations and fastener facility, this represents the shifting of millions of tons from commodity products and grades to higher value-added and higher margin products in just a few years.
Downstream, our value-added products capacity has doubled since 2006, supported by a series of acquisitions and continual improvement of our operations. Contributing to this growth, our Harris Steel rebar fabrication business executed a number of small acquisitions during 2010. In the midst of a historic depression in non-residential construction, our Vulcraft and metal buildings businesses are gaining market share, and Vulcraft substantially improved its financial performance in the second half of 2010.
We are not limiting our growth efforts to new products and operating facilities. We have also worked to expand the markets we serve to help minimize the impact of excess industry capacity. As the largest and most diversified producer of steel and steel products in North America, Nucor is uniquely positioned to leverage our many commercial resources and relationships under a program we refer to as OneNucor. OneNucor is a commitment from all our teammates to work together to serve a broader range of our customers’ needs and to make our customers aware of all the Nucor products and services available to serve them. At the end of 2010, approximately 55% of our steel mill shipments were to customers who buy multiple types of products from Nucor.
OneNucor also means leveraging our Nucor Trading office located in Switzerland, together with our international sales offices now located in Mexico, Brazil, Colombia, the Middle East and Asia, to expand the geographic markets we serve. In 2010, approximately 11% of our steel mills’ shipments were exports. While South and Central America represent the most consistent opportunities
for exports, late in 2010 we experienced increasing interest from Europe and other global markets. With more than 60% of our steelmaking capacity on deep water, Nucor is uniquely positioned in North America to establish and grow an export business model.
Sustainability
In 2010 Nucor published its first sustainability report that included three individual product life cycle assessments. These life cycle assessments document that Nucor products are environmentally sustainable because our manufacturing processes have a low environmental impact compared to other steelmaking processes. In other words, we are very efficient with scarce resources like energy and water. You can find this report on our website www.nucor.com. In addition, we continue to seek ISO 14001 certification at all of our facilities documenting our world class
environmental management systems. Through the end of 2010, a significant portion of our operations have earned this certification.
We also continue to make progress in the area
of safety. In 2010 we set a new record for Nucor
in safety performance, improving slightly over
2009’s record performance. Although our injury and illness rates have been reduced by almost 70% since 2000, we are not nearly satisfied. Our goal is an injury and illness rate of zero. Of course there is a financial benefit to excellent safety, but that
is not our primary driver. Our Nucor team members are highly skilled professionals and they are our friends and family. A motto shared at many business units is “no one gets hurt on my shift today.”
encouraging Signs
If you have been reading our annual letters to stockholders and quarterly earnings releases, you know that we never sugarcoat the economic environment in which we operate. We continue to be a leading voice on issues critical to this country’s future — policies to rebuild our nation’s infrastructure, developing and diversifying our domestic energy supply and creating a sensible, long-term manufacturing strategy. On pages 8 and 9 of this annual report, you will find an opinion piece I wrote that was
  5
 nUCOr prOdUCTS are envirOnMenTally SUSTainable beCaUSe OUr ManUFaCTUring prOCeSSeS Have a lOW envirOnMenTal iMpaCT COMpared TO OTHer STeelMaking prOCeSSeS. in OTHer WOrdS, We are very eFFiCienT WiTH SCarCe reSOUrCeS like energy and WaTer.
 
 6
published in the Wall Street Journal in late 2009, together with an update, that more fully express our views regarding the challenges our nation faces and, more importantly, recommend some very common sense solutions.
We are encouraged that a growing number of our leaders in Washington are appreciating the importance of enforcing trade agreements, fighting back against currency manipulation and getting serious about putting America back to work. We also are encouraged by a few signs of economic recovery. In the waning weeks of 2010, steel prices firmed and the Architectural Billings Index rose above an expansion-indicating 50%.
Regardless of when the long-awaited recovery arrives, we remain optimistic about Nucor’s long-term prospects. As a team, we are driven to settle for nothing less. We are committed to continue our tradition of being effective stewards of our stockholders’ valuable capital. Over the last 10, almost 11 years now since your current executive team was allowed the privilege of leading Nucor, our long-term stockholders have enjoyed an over seven-fold increase in the value of their investment, including dividends.
Closing Thoughts
As the CEO of Nucor, I have the privilege of working with a tremendous team and I am surrounded by many very good leaders. One of our finest leaders, Mike Parrish, announced his retirement this past summer after 35 years of service to the Nucor team. Mike began his career as an engineer in our Vulcraft construction products business and after many well-deserved promotions became an executive vice president in 1998. Under his leadership, our bar products businesses executed a number of strategic acquisitions and other growth initiatives that doubled this business to more than nine million tons of annual capacity. Thank you, Mike, for your great leadership and for the significant foundation you have laid for continued growth and profitability.
I would also like to again say thank you to every Nucor, Harris and DJJ teammate for their remarkable energy and commitment; to our customers and suppliers for the strong relationships and the valued business we do together; and to our stockholders for your continued investment in and support for Nucor.
Nucor’s best is yet to come! Let’s Continue To Do It Together,
Daniel R. DiMicco
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 