To Our Shareholders
2003 marked another year of continued growth and success for NVR. It was the most profitable year in the Company’s history
as we exceeded the prior year’s operating income for the 12th straight year, and once again recorded our largest ever volume of
sales and settlements. Our returns on revenue, equity, and capital continue to lead the industry.
Consolidated revenues for 2003 were $3.7 billion, up 18% over 2002 revenues of $3.1 billion. Net income increased 27% from
2002 to $420 million in 2003, another NVR record. Earnings per diluted share increased 34% to $48.39, resulting in a
compound annual growth rate of 63% over the past five years.
New orders for 2003 totaled 12,583 units, a 3% increase over the 12,167 units reported for 2002. Relative to 2002, the number
of homes in backlog at the end of 2003 rose 8% to 6,890 units, while the dollar value of the backlog increased 18% to
$2.3 billion.
While there are many factors we cannot control, we believe our continued success is largely the result of focusing on a few
key components:
We
hire the most qualified individuals available, and provide training to allow them to grow professionally.
We recognize that our employees are our most valuable asset. We recruit from some of the best colleges in the country and are
constantly seeking active professionals to join our team. Once hired, we focus on training and offer a challenging environment
with ample opportunity for advancement.
We
build quality homes and focus on the customer’s needs through the building and financing processes.
We
take pride regarding our reputation as a company that places the customer first. From the moment the customer walks
through the front door of our model, through the building and financing process, and on to the date we deliver their home and
beyond, we stand by our product and work with the customer to ensure they are satisfied.
We
utilize a business model that emphasizes liquidity and minimizes risk.
NVR does not develop land and we avoid speculative building. By focusing on our strength, the efficient sale and construction
of quality homes, NVR has achieved the highest inventory turnover, return on equity and return on capital in the industry.
The liquidity generated by this business model has been utilized to expand our business through internal growth and allows us
to return excess capital to our shareholders through our ongoing stock repurchase program.
We
expand our business by following a strategy of controlled growth.
Our growth strategy involves increasing market share in our current markets and expanding into contiguous markets, where we
can leverage our existing management talent and business relationships. This has proven to be a successful strategy for us, and
we
intend to follow it for the foreseeable future.
For the sixth consecutive year, NVR was selected as one of
Forbes
magazine’s “Platinum 400” companies, which ranks companies
by, in their words, “the best aggregate scores for both long- and short-term financial returns, plus other performance and
valuation measures.” We are proud of this recognition and know that it would be impossible without the excellent performance
of our dedicated employees, subcontractors, developers, and suppliers, and we thank them for their continued service.
For the first time in a few years, we ended the year with the nation’s economy on an upswing and an increase in consumer
confidence. Aided by high demand and low interest rates, the homebuilding sector continued to perform well. While we are
optimistic that these trends will carry on into 2004, we continue to believe that by hiring the best people, remaining committed
to customer service, and focusing on our time-tested business model that encourages constant growth and liquidity while
minimizing risk, we are well prepared to face any economic outcome.
Sincerely,
Dwight Schar
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer