 To our ShareholderS
2013 marked the third consecutive year of increasing revenues, net income and new orders for NVR. While 2013 saw continued improvement in the housing industry, the pace of recovery slowed in the second half of the year due to an increase
in mortgage interest rates, higher home prices and buyer uncertainty. We are optimistic that housing is still in the recovery stage of the business cycle, but we believe that the recovery will continue to be uneven. Despite these challenges, NVR remains well positioned to capitalize on the improving housing market. In 2013, we achieved the following results:
• Homebuilding revenues were $4.1 billion (up 33% vs. 2012)
• Net income was $266.5 million (up 48% vs. 2012)
• Diluted earnings per share of $54.81 (up 56% vs. 2012)
• New orders were 11,800 (up 8% vs. 2012)
• Year-end backlog of 4,945 units, with a dollar value of $1.8 billion (up 7% vs. 2012)
Our success starts with our focus on the customer. We strive to exceed our customers’ expectations through all stages of their home purchase, including helping to navigate their financing options, assisting with selling an existing home, building a quality home and standing behind our product after the sale. At NVR, the customer always comes first. We’re proud that over 96% of our customers recognize our commitment and would recommend us to family and friends. Treating our customers this way is important and the only way we do business.
Our consistent success is also a result of our commitment to a proven business strategy emphasizing market concentration. We strive to maximize our market share in each of our markets. The local market scale resulting from this strategy allows us to leverage our existing employees, management staff, local market knowledge, and relationships with business partners.
An equally important component of our business model is our emphasis on liquidity and minimizing risk. Unlike our major competitors, we avoid developing land and speculative building. Instead, we focus on our strength, which is selling and building quality homes. We acquire finished lots at market prices from reliable local developers under fixed price purchase agreements that require an initial capital commitment equal to a small percentage of the finished lot value. These agreements typically allow us to purchase lots on a just-in-time basis, after we have sold homes on these lots. The liquidity generated by this strategy has resulted in lower capital requirements, higher returns on capital, and the financial flexibility to take advantage of new opportunities as they arise.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
 Our employees, subcontractors, developers, and suppliers are instrumental in our continued success and we would like to thank them for their remarkable efforts this year. Their commitment is a key component of NVR’s industry leading performance.
After 25 years of service, Denny Seremet retired as NVR’s Chief Financial Officer in February 2013. We want to thank Denny for his many contributions to NVR’s success and wish him a long and enjoyable retirement.
2014 will hold its own challenges, but with our proven business model, focus on customer service and a dedicated team of employees and business partners, we are optimistic that we can continue to outperform the industry and look forward to another successful year.
Sincerely,
Dwight C. Schar Chairman of the Board
Paul C. Saville President and CEO
  