community
NorthWestern Energy is a community within many communities. We are approximately 1,400 individuals working collectively to build stronger communities in Montana, Nebraska and South Dakota through the production, generation and delivery of electricity and natural gas.
page 2

At the end of the year, our DSIP projects had resulted in 2,200 pole replacements, 225 gas service replacements, and 11 substation upgrades. And, we really are just getting started as 2013 marks the beginning of full implementation of the plan over the next five years. DSIP is focused on safety, reliability, adequate capacity, and staying on the right side of the "repair versus replace" cost curve. We've borrowed from the principles of DSIP as we plan major infrastructure projects in the natural gas and electric transmission operations. The Gas Transmission Infrastructure Project (GTIP), which we began to plan in 2012, will see more focus in 2013 with the implementation of two projects. As with DSIP, GTIP is intended to move us beyond basic compliance with federal safety regulations to systematic prioritization and addressing of pipeline integrity management for long-term customer benefit. In our nearly 7,000-mile electric transmission system, we are addressing the long-term need for additional capacity and improved reliability in certain parts of our service territory. We are moving forward with plans for a new 100 kV transmission line and related substation upgrades in south central Montana over the next several years. Also in Montana, we completed phase one of the upgrade of our Jackrabbit (Four Corners/Bozeman area) to Big Sky transmission line from 69 kV to 161 kV. This will improve reliability and capacity for that entire area. Our current transmission projects focus on and are intended to serve our existing customer base.

We are a utility with a deep connection to each of the 348 communities that we touch. While each community is unique with its own style, purpose and history, our communities are linked together by a common thread -- either electrical conduit or a pipe. In 2012, we celebrated our Centennial year of operation. In some communities, our history dates back even further. I had the opportunity to reflect on our century of service and our longstanding commitment to help build stronger communities in Montana, Nebraska and South Dakota as we celebrated various events over the year, and I am happy to report that we are as committed to realizing our core values and principles today as we were a century ago. Our communities rely on us to build and maintain the energy infrastructure they need to thrive. In all three states, we invest in our infrastructure at levels greater than depreciation. In 2012, we continued to ramp up our systematic replacement and modernization of our electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure in Montana. Our Distribution System Infrastructure Plan (DSIP) is an innovative approach to avoiding the increasing frequency of critical failures that other communities have experienced when service providers wait too long to upgrade their infrastructure, or avoid it altogether.

page 3

Lineman Bryan Woodring works on a DSIP pole-replacement project in Butte, Mont.

Contractors install up to 20 tons of rebar into footings for a single turbine at the company's Spion Kop wind farm.

page 4

growth

15 percent by 2015 renewable portfolio standard. Our Demand Side Management (DSM) program in Montana continues to be very successful with savings of 9.32 average megawatts in 2012 or the equivalent of the average annual load to serve Livingston, Montana. In 2013, we're looking forward to expanding our DSM efforts to include South Dakota upon receipt of commission approval. We made the difficult decision to shelve the 500 kV Mountain States Transmission Intertie (MSTI) project in 2012, and took a $24 million write-down. MSTI was intended to meet requests to ship power out of Montana, and numerous challenges around MSTI developed over the years which were fully disclosed to the financial community. We'll continue to assess the market for additional transmission capacity to serve new sources of load and generation and may revisit the MSTI concept as conditions warrant. In South Dakota in 2012, we constructed a $51 million, 60-megawatt peaking facility in Aberdeen to provide the necessary capacity to meet our customer needs. The Aberdeen Generating Station, which is expected to be in service by April 2013, is only one of the major construction projects in this local community. NorthWestern also opened a new facility in Aberdeen to replace the old office and shop buildings, improving how work gets done in and around this city. Along with our partners, we're moving forward with the upgrades necessary to maintain environmental compliance of our coal generation fleet for our South Dakota business. We expect to spend approximately $119 million on upgrades to the Big Stone and Neal #4 generating facilities to extend the life of these plants and provide cost-efficient energy for many years to come. Our Montana generation fleet expanded further with the addition of the $86 million, 40-megawatt Spion Kop Wind Farm in central Montana that will help us meet the state's The innovative plant was built to meet our network reliability obligations and to enable us to integrate intermittent resources. There was no disagreement about the plant's purpose or about the prudence of its costs. The ALJ's decision is non-binding, and we're working through the appeals process at FERC with the goal of convincing FERC to adopt the cost allocation methodology that has been in place for many years. However, we will continue to defer associated revenues until the matter is settled. Our ability to strengthen our regulated asset base to serve our customers is an outcome of our efforts to foster productive and constructive dialogue with our state regulatory commissions and staff. For example, the Montana Public Service Commission had pre-approved our investment in the Dave Gates Generating Station (DGGS), and subsequently held a compliance proceeding which also addressed cost allocation between state-jurisdictional and federal-jurisdictional customers. We were dismayed by an adverse initial decision from a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) regarding the proposed cost allocation methodology for DGGS. Regulated natural gas production is not common in the natural gas utility business, but one of our predecessor companies, Montana Power, owned a significant amount of gas production in its day. With natural gas prices at record lows, we've dusted off this approach to manage future price risk and source stability by purchasing proven and producing reserves in Montana. In 2012, we successfully placed our 2010 purchase of approximately 8.4 Bcf (Battle Creek) into rate base and added another 13.4 Bcf to our natural gas production assets with our 2012 purchase of approximately 600 producing wells in north central Montana (Bear Paw). These acquisitions are consistent with our strategy to provide our customers a long-term source of proven supply that will provide price stability in future years. We will continue to explore sensible opportunities to add to our regulated electric generation fleet and natural gas production portfolio to help provide price stability to our customers.
page 5

service
Along with the MSTI write-down, the unfavorable FERC ALJ decision was a disappointing event in an otherwise solid year. On the positive side, NorthWestern received a favorable arbitration decision related to a dispute over energy and capacity rates with the Colstrip Energy Limited Partnership, a qualifying facility (QF) with which we have a power purchase agreement through June 2024. As a result of the decision, we updated the calculation of our QF liability and recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately $47.9 million during the fourth quarter of 2012. NorthWestern continues to provide value for its shareholders. During 2012, our net income and diluted EPS increased over 2011 by 6.3 percent and 5.1 percent, respectively. Though our total shareholder return was just 1.2 percent in 2012, it was in line with the industry as a whole (S&P utility index 1.3 percent). Our five-year total shareholder return was 51 percent and is significantly higher
page 6

We've achieved these results due in part to a 13 percent compounded annual growth rate in earnings over the same five-year period. In 2012, our primary growth came from energy supply, including the Spion Kop, Bear Paw and Aberdeen Generating Station projects. We financed these projects through 30- and 40-year debt issuances at very attractive rates to the benefit of our customers. We also issued our first equity since emergence from bankruptcy in 2004, which helped us invest in these projects while maintaining an investment grade capital structure and an equity level within our targeted 45-50 percent range. In addition to our strong earnings growth, we continue to use our net operating losses that allow us to reinvest proceeds in our utility business without further equity dilution. We have increased our dividend for seven consecutive years at a one- and a five-year compounded annual growth rate of approximately 3 percent. Our dividend yield today is approximately 4 percent. We would not be the successful company we are today were it not for the underlying strength of our communities. We're fortunate to serve a part of the country that is resilient in the face of economic uncertainty. That's why our employees embraced the Centennial year with a desire to give back to the communities that have been so good to us over the past 100 years. In January, we kicked off an effort to complete 100 volunteer events in our communities to celebrate our Centennial year. We achieved the goal in September at a tree-planting event in Butte and proceeded to end the year with approximately 130 events involving hundreds of employees.

than the S&P 500 and S&P utility index which were relatively flat (9 percent and 2 percent, respectively) over that same time period.

page 7

Tricia Davis and Jeff Decker volunteer to plant trees at Memorial Park in Huron, S.D.

A South Dakota line crew works to restore power in Huntington, N.Y., on Long Island as part of the Hurricane Sandy response.

page 8

response

We took time out of our regular work schedules to participate in 30 local safety stand-downs to reinforce with employees the importance of working safely. We want our co-workers to return home after every shift in as good of a condition as when they arrived. We want our employees to embrace the many things that go into worksite safety and wellness and to lead by example at home and in In addition to the volunteer effort, we added an additional $100,000 to our Community Works Fund to support scholarship programs at college, university and trade school programs throughout our service territory. The scholarships complement our existing charitable programs and are intended to foster the next generation of highly skilled, motivated and engaged employees that will lead this company through its second century. We're so proud of the work that we do to support community development that we incorporated the name into our program. Community Works conveys our fundamental commitment to each community that we serve. Last year, our Community Works Fund contributed nearly $2 million in economic development, charitable donations and community sponsorships. We're also proud to be recognized for our high corporate governance standards and financial transparency. We were once again selected as one of Forbes Most Trustworthy Companies, and we were recognized by · A gathering of 2,000 employees and retirees in 26 locations to conclude our Centennial year, "Celebrating our Past and Building for our Future." We'll keep building for our future in 2013! It's easy to forget or take for granted the primary purpose of our daily work. The work NorthWestern employees do is essential to building communities. We are investing in the people and infrastructure necessary to build stronger communities in Montana, Nebraska and South Dakota. We are fully invested in the community spirit that connects us together in a common purpose. We are delivering a bright future. Yours truly,
page 9

their communities. Our sense of community was reinforced by two events at year's end: · Our employees' response to help restore power to East Coast residents affected by Hurricane Sandy. The crews who volunteered to spend long hours working in dismal, cold conditions were warmed by the appreciation ("lots of hugs!") shown by the residents in Connecticut and Long Island, New York. This reminded us how special our employees are, how important the service we provide is, and how unique it is for an entire industry to come together to provide one another's customers "mutual assistance."

Corporate Secretary as a finalist in the Best
Proxy Statement category. NorthWestern was recognized by the

Montana Worksite Health Promotion Coalition for excellence in promoting worksite health. NorthWestern's wellness program, Energize Your Life, was evaluated on 10 criteria ranging from management commitment to measured outcomes and received the organization's highest honor. The gold medal signifies best practice in worksite wellness and reflects our commitment to employee health, wellness and safety. Robert C. Rowe President and Chief Executive Officer

