Fell Fe ll low Sha hare re reho eho h ld lder e s: er s No ort thw wes este t rn te n Ene erg rgy y em mer e ge ged d fr from m ban nkruptcy in 2 2004, with wi t a mis th ssi s on n to be beco c me a str co tron o g re r gional utility. We exit ex ited it ed e d non-u on-u on -uti tili ti lity li t bus ty usin i es in esse ses, s stren en ngthe ened our fina ancial foun fo ou un nd da ati t on n and n foc ocus u ed us e on op o er e at a io ons. Based on that go ood d wor ork, in 20 2 09 our u lea eade ders rship and employees ad dopted a br b oa o de er mi miss ssio ss ion io n of o wor o ki k ng g together to deliver safe, reli re iable ab ble e and d inn nnov o at ov ativ ive iv e en e er e gy g so olutio ons that create e value fo or cu c stom st to om mers, ers, co er om mmu muni niti ties s, em e ploy o ees and investors. Now, No w, jus w, st te t n ye year ar ars rs af a te ter bank kruptcy, I'm proud to say t at we ha th ave e acc c om o pl p is ishe he ed more than many ever thou th ou ugh ht po poss ssib ss ible ib le in such h a short time. We have ha ve nea earl rl ly tr rip pled our net invest tment in essenti ss s ial utility services, ach hieved grow gr owth ow th h in every key index, inv vested in n peo eopl p e and d infrastructure, , prov pr ovid ov id ded d stable rates, mainta ained high hi gh rel e ia ability, improved em mployee sa afe fety ty and customer satisfa action, an nd ea e rn ned e natio ona n l recognition fo or corporat te governance e. Nort No r hW rt Western Energy's str rategy in n 2004 was simple ­ bui ild a fina anc n ia ally y stronger comp pany thro th ro ough re r ducing debt to achiev ve in nvestment gra ade ratings; pay a competitive and stable dividend to earn an supp p ort among high q quality investors; and, there eby allow the company y to invest in the essen ntial in nfrastructure and se ervice to meet our customers' n eds. ne How have we done? ?

2014 ANNUAL REPORT // p1

JACK RABBIT TO BIG SKY

2014 ANNUAL REPORT // p2

We serve 349 communities in Montana, South Dakota and Nebraska, as well as Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming. We've sustained an annual customer growth rate averaging 1.2 percent and have a combined total of 692,600 electric, natural gas and propane customers. We now have 27,800 miles of electric lines and 9,605 miles of natural gas pipeline in our transmission and distribution system. This consistent customer growth is modest but notable given that it occurred during and after the Great Recession. Montana, South Dakota and Nebraska generally weathered the recession better than many parts of the country. Today our states and their communities are consistently nationally ranked among the best places to live and raise a family; work and start or grow a business; recreate and enjoy the best of nature and vibrant communities and culture. Our credit ratings are solidly investment grade and in line with or better than our utility peers. We've held our debt to equity ratio relatively stable for a number of years. This has helped keep our customer rates stable by securing low-cost debt on very favorable terms.

Our shareholder dividend has increased annually and sustainably as we remain conservative within our announced 60-70 percent payout ratio. We have provided total shareholder return (dividends plus change in share price) in line with the industry leaders over the last ten years. We grew significantly in 2014 with the acquisition of 11 hydroelectric facilities in Montana, all dedicated to serve our customers at costbased prices. We expect this investment and future investments to provide shareholders with a total annual return, on average, of about seven to ten percent. We said we would create a culture of strong corporate governance. Now, we have a record of demonstrated strength in corporate governance as recognized by leading industry, financial and media organizations. In 2014, our proxy statement was named "Best Proxy Statement" among small and mid-cap companies by the Corporate Secretary Corporate Governance Awards program (we had also been named a finalist in the last two years). NorthWestern earned an "A" from the New York Stock Exchange's Corpedia for its Code of Conduct and Ethics, placing it in the top two percent of all energy and utility companies reviewed.

Taking Care of Customers
Ten years ago, our annual capital budget was around $80 million. In 2014, excluding the $900 million investment made to purchase the hydro facilities; we invested over $270 million in capital improvement projects including new technology, transmission and distribution infrastructure and critical plant upgrades. As a result, we are continuing to address aging infrastructure while maintaining or improving our already high levels of reliability. We have improved efficiency and reliability through the installation of new outage and mobile data management tools and technology that has increased efficiency and reduced outage response time in the field. We have continued construction of a new 161kV line serving the Big Sky, Montana area and begun construction of a new 11-mile segment of 115kV line that will improve reliability to customers in the Yankton, South Dakota area. The Yankton project is scheduled for completion in 2015, while the Big Sky facilities will be completed in early 2016. We've made progress siting a new 100kV line in south-central Montana that will improve reliability and capacity in the Red Lodge, Columbus and Absorkee areas. Each of these

Photo Caption: Using a helicopter, crews set a pole for the Jack Rabbit to Big Sky transmission line upgrade project near the Gallatin River.

2014 ANNUAL REPORT // p3

projects will benefit our existing customers in those areas. In 2014, we successfully stabilized the new Customer Information System that was installed in late 2013. Customers now experience enhanced service and shorter wait times when speaking with our customer representatives. The new system replaced two legacy systems and now our call centers in Huron, South Dakota and Butte, Montana are on a single platform and work virtually as one center. This enables our customer representatives to be more efficient, and functions as an extra layer of business protection in the event one call center temporarily needs additional assistance. One new way we serve our customers is through a stateof-the-art centralized dispatch center and new customer walkin offices in some of our local communities where associates can also take telephone calls during periods of high volumes. We believe that we should be available to communicate with our customers in whatever manner they prefer to interact with us ­ in person, on the phone, or online. We maintain customer walk-in offices

throughout South Dakota and Nebraska and will open five additional offices in Montana in 2015. Our JD Powers Customer Satisfaction Index scores are among the best we've ever had. We were named by Cogent Reports at Market Strategies International as the top regional trusted brand for combined electric and natural gas utilities in the Pacific Northwest.

In addition to valuable facilities, experienced and dedicated hydro employees joined us and continue to provide their neighbors great service. With the acquisition, our commitment to environmental stewardship is expanded to include public recreation and responsible operation of the hydroelectric facilities. We assumed temporary ownership of Kerr Dam upon the close and expect to transfer it to the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes by late 2015, as required by a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission decision made prior to the acquisition. The other ten facilities were added to our rate base upon the close in 2014. Compared to where we stood in 2004 when we did not own any regulated electric generation in Montana, we have now almost completely reintegrated the electric generation portfolio in Montana with a well-diversified mix of owned hydro, wind, natural gas and coal assets. In South Dakota, where we've always been a vertically integrated electric utility, we've continued to work with our other utility partners to invest in environmental pollution control

Responsible Growth
We are exceptionally proud of one accomplishment in 2014: The acquisition of 11 hydroelectric facilities in Montana from PPL Montana. These great assets are now dedicated to serve our customers at cost-based prices. They enable us to meet our Montana light load electric supply requirements for a number of years to come. They also reduce the carbon intensity of our overall Montana electric portfolio by a remarkable 41 percent. We closed on the hydro purchase in late 2014 and are pleased with the transition.

2014 ANNUAL REPORT // p4

Photo Caption: Spion Kop, NorthWestern Energy Employees, Mystic Lake Hydro Facilities and the Dave Gates Generating Station.

ELECTRIC GENERATION

2014 ANNUAL REPORT // p5

UPGRADE TO BIG STONE

2014 ANNUAL REPORT // p6

equipment to meet federal "regional haze" regulations. The Neal Unit 4 upgrade was completed in 2013, and the upgrade of the Big Stone Plant in South Dakota is expected to be complete in 2015. To cover these and other investments and operating costs in South Dakota, shortly before the end of 2014, we filed our first general electric rate case in South Dakota since 1980. While a rate case can take up to a year or longer to process, we have asked for an interim rate increase to be put in place in mid-2015 pending the final outcome. In our natural gas operations we've incorporated regulated, cost-based natural gas production in Montana. This is a great time to acquire natural gas assets. We believe an appropriate goal is eventually to provide customers with about half of their gas supply through regulated cost-of-service resources. We hope to do the same for customers in South Dakota and Nebraska if and when the right opportunities present themselves. Through our investments in all three of our states, we've brought real rate stability to our customers. Since 2008 when we started the process of rebuilding our energy supply portfolio in Montana, the typical residential electric bill of

a NorthWestern customer has increased just over one-half percent per year and a typical residential natural gas bill has declined just over five percent per year during the same period. Over the past ten years, we've become an employer of choice. We're hiring immensely talented, dedicated employees throughout the organization at an unprecedented pace as our seasoned veterans begin to retire and as our business grows. Our knowledge transfer and workforce planning processes are accomplishing the goal of retaining valuable institutional knowledge while incorporating new ideas and vitality into our company. Our employees are working more safely than ever, and we are striving to make 2015 an even better year, which indicates the progress we've made to incorporate safety as a cultural norm rather than just an annual goal. Our community engagement is stronger than ever. Approximately 80 percent of our employees actively volunteer in their communities. In 2014, employees dedicated numerous hours of their personal time volunteering to enrich their communities; this has a positive impact on communities. I've especially enjoyed joining with other employees to plant trees

and help build a trail. In addition, NorthWestern contributed about $2.25 million in philanthropic, economic development, community engagement and educational support last year bringing our total to approximately $20 million since 2004.

Accomplishment
There's a word that sums up the past ten years - "accomplishment." We've done everything we set out to do and more. We have a talented, innovative and dedicated team that is committed to accomplishing the previously unimaginable, and providing our customers great service as a result. We have a plan focused on being the best utility infrastructure and service provider we can be. I'm confident that working together all of us ­ employees, shareholders, customers and communities ­ will accomplish what we set out to do. Sincerely,

Robert C. Rowe President and Chief Executive Officer

Photo Caption: Work continues on an upgrade to the air-quality control system (AQCS) at Big Stone Plant near Milbank, South Dakota.

2014 ANNUAL REPORT // p7

