Bob Rowe, on the left, Missey Klungland and Buck Bonser at our Helena Division walk-in office this autumn.

FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
There is power in water. When its elemental force is harnessed appropriately, water provides a healthy habitat for fish and wildlife, nourishment for the food we eat, endless opportunities for recreation, and of course, clean energy renewed by nature. The painting by beloved Montana artist Monte Dolack that graces the cover of this annual report was commissioned in 2015 to celebrate the addition of 11 hydroelectric resources located in western and central Montana to our energy portfolio. Monte's depiction of Black Eagle Dam, located on the Missouri River in Great Falls, highlights our approach to the life cycle of our well managed and maintained energy production facilities.1 In recent years, NorthWestern Energy has invested more than $1 billion in clean energy. The purchase of Montana hydroelectric facilities from PPL in late 2014, combined with existing and recently acquired wind generation, in South Dakota, has allowed us to create an energy portfolio dominated by carbon-free resources. These investments mesh very well with, and complement, our thermal generation, with its very high availability. We pride ourselves on deliberate and thoughtful long-term planning that carefully balances costs and benefits. Our disciplined approach allows us to be flexible enough to move quickly as opportunities arise, yet thoughtful enough to objectively evaluate each opportunity in the context of our vision and values.

1

One hundred percent of the proceeds from sales of the poster go to support river-related charitable activities, through our Community Works program. NORTHWESTERN ENERGY | 2015 ANNUAL REPORT | PAGE 1

BEETHOVEN WIND

Montana hydroelectric facilities pictured clockwise from the top left include Hauser, Madison, Thompson Falls, Ryan and Holter.

This has been a foundational business practice for the last decade. It is even more fundamental as we plan for a future that incorporates additional carbon-free energy resources and emerging technologies to meet the needs of our customers and communities and to comply with state and federal regulations. In 2015, we added our first South Dakota companyowned wind farm. The Beethoven Wind Project initially came into our portfolio as a Qualifying Facility from which we purchased power; when we learned that the owner wanted to sell, we worked quickly to exercise our right of first refusal because owning the facility would save our customers money. Our South Dakota regulators recognized that we could save our customers approximately $44.4 million over time by owning the project and including it in our rate base compared with simply purchasing the project's power from an independent owner. Plus, Beethoven presented a carbon-free investment opportunity to add to our generation fleet. We celebrated the project with a wonderful community event in Avon, South Dakota. We commend the South Dakota Public Utility Commission for seeing the value of Beethoven while the Commission was in the midst of working on our first electric general rate case in almost 34 years. The Commission approved our stipulated settlement with staff and intervening parties in October 2015, resulting in a $20.2 million annual increase in base rates and an additional $9.0 million for Beethoven. The increase was driven mostly by the investments that were required to upgrade our jointly owned coal-fired units at Big Stone and Neal to comply with the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) Mercury and Air Toxic Standards rule issued in December 2011. Although the United States Supreme Court eventually struck down the rule in October 2015, the decision came too late to change any of our plans to comply within the EPA's original timeframe. We also are concerned about the EPA's more recently announced Clean Power Plan (Plan), especially with respect to its potential impact on our customers. The Plan's goal is to establish greenhouse gas performance standards for existing power plants. While South Dakota's requirement under the rule is significant, the EPA's final rule addressed some South Dakota concerns and reduced the potential impact on South Dakota and its citizens.
2

In contrast, the EPA's final rule dramatically raised the bar in Montana to what is now the highest percentage carbon reduction in the country. The proposed rule's "glide path" to reduce carbon was replaced with a cliff in the final rule, with little explanation and no opportunity to comment on the dramatic change. Even more troubling is that, as the rule currently stands, practically everything NorthWestern has done to this point to invest in renewable and clean energy sources and energy efficiency won't count toward helping the state achieve compliance ­ even though our Montana electric supply portfolio already emits less carbon than the EPA's 2030 statewide target for Montana. For these reasons, we joined with other utilities, business interests and labor groups challenging the Plan, and on February 9, 2016, the U.S. Supreme Court issued an order, staying the effect of the Plan pending judicial review of legal challenges to the Plan. Separately, in an effort to help develop a plan for our Montana customers, we have asked the EPA to reconsider its rule as applied to Montana, as the EPA never gave Montanans an opportunity to comment on the final rule. In short, if the Plan is ultimately reinstated through judicial decision, Montana has some very difficult decisions to make. NorthWestern is committed to working with other stakeholders to help develop a state-based approach to compliance, but the challenges under the Plan as written cannot be underestimated. NorthWestern Energy owns 30 percent of Colstrip Unit 4, the newest and cleanest of the Colstrip generating units. The electricity dependably produced at Unit 4 provides a little more than 25 percent of the electricity we need to serve our Montana customers. We are proud of our investments in clean energy and greater efficiency. Today in Montana, NorthWestern's 60 percent carbon-free electricity2 is already better and less expensive than California's long-term renewable energy goal of 50 percent by 2030. According to recent information from the Edison Electric Institute, electric rates in Montana are 17 percent below the national average, while California rates are among the highest in the nation. We are committed to delivering clean, efficient and innovative energy solutions that create value for customers, communities, employees and investors. In 2015, we wrapped up our first full year of hydroelectric ownership and operation. We celebrated the centennials

On a delivered basis. By nameplate capacity, our Montana portfolio is nearly 70 percent carbon free. NORTHWESTERN ENERGY | 2015 ANNUAL REPORT | PAGE 3

BEETHOVEN WIND

One wind turbine of 43 at our 80-megawatt Beethoven Wind Farm located near Avon, South Dakota.

Montana 2015 Electric Portfolio Based on MWh Delivered
WindOwned 2% 60% Hydro & Wind WindContracted 9%

South Dakota 2015 Electric Portfolio Based on MWh Delivered
28% Wind

NorthWestern Energy 2015 Electric Portfolio Based on MWh Delivered
54% Hydro & Wind HydroOwned 39%
HydroContracted 2%

ThermalContracted 12% HydroOwned 47% ThermalOwned 28%

WindContracted 22% WindOwned 6% ThermalOwned 72% WindContracted 11%

ThermalOwned 36% ThermalContracted 10%

HydroContracted 2% In 2015, approximately 60% of our MT portfolio came from renewables. In 2015, approximately 28% of our SD portfolio came from renewables.

WindOwned 2%

In 2015, approximately 54% of our NWE portfolio came from renewables.

of three dams, two on the Missouri and one on the Clark Fork of the Columbia. Our integration of the facilities into the portfolio has been smooth, thanks to the great employees who operate them. The hydro system generated power at our targeted level despite a drier than normal year. Even with the federal regulatory pressures, our thermal generation remains critical to a balanced supply portfolio. Coal and natural gas provide reliable generation during periods of peak demand, typically the coldest days of winter and warmest days of summer, when the wind often doesn't blow. Last Thanksgiving was a great example: The cold was blistering, the wind wasn't blowing, and although we have 235 megawatts (nameplate owned and contracted) of wind generation on our Montana system, it was our hydro and thermal resources that kept the lights on and homes warm. After the purchase of the hydroelectric facilities, our greatest need is for generation that can meet the peak demand needs of our customers. Unfortunately, Montana lags behind other states in establishing policies that properly address the impact revenue reductions from utility energy efficiency programs have on the financial health of a utility. Yet, we are responsible for 80 percent of the efficiency achieved in Montana. We see the value of cost-effective efficiency measures and have offered efficiency programs for over two decades to help our customers save energy. We have worked with others in the region on efficiency efforts, including successful market transformation programs. Our investments in reliability and system integrity are producing results for our customers. Five years ago, we launched our enhanced electric and natural gas Distribution System Infrastructure Plan in Montana to proactively address what is really a nationwide need for investment in critical infrastructure. Now, we are planning to build on that experience. Working with a diverse group of customers and other stakeholders, we're looking for their best thinking on end-to-end planning of our natural gas and electric systems. We believe in "implementation at the speed of value," and want to build the foundation to systematically deploy emerging technologies as they become proven and cost-effective for our customers.

In 2015, we completed a new 115 kV line that serves Yankton, South Dakota. In 2016, we will complete a major transmission project to improve reliability and capacity in the fast-growing Big Sky, Montana area, after years of planning and construction in a beautiful but rugged corridor. In 2015 we also advanced preconstruction work on an important transmission project in south-central Montana to improve regional service to communities such as Columbus, Absorkee and Red Lodge, Montana, and support industrial load in that area. Our gas transmission team continues to work on projects that comply with federal transportation requirements for "high consequence areas" while planning to meet future growth needs. We have made these investments with minimal impact to customer bills, which are lower than the national average, while delivering solid earnings growth for our investors. Our one-year, three-year, and five-year total shareholder returns ending December 31, 2015 significantly outperformed the S&P Utility Index. We also outperformed the broader S&P 500 Index over the same three-year and five-year periods. Continued investment in our system is expected to provide a targeted return of 7 to 10 percent total return to our investors through a combination of earnings growth and dividend yield. While maintenance capital expenditures and total dividend payments have grown since 2011, cash flow from operations has outpaced maintenance capital expenditures, resulting in approximately $38 million of positive free cash flow per year. We continue to be well positioned to achieve stable earnings while evaluating appropriate growth opportunities as a regionally-focused utility. Since 2010, we've invested approximately $100 million to secure natural gas production assets to serve our customers in Montana. We're about half way to our goal of owning approximately half of our gas supply needs. We're also actively looking for additional opportunities to own gas production assets to serve customers in Montana, South Dakota and Nebraska. Our investments in technology that streamline the dispatching and outage management process behind the scenes allowed us in 2015 to open all of our major customer locations to walk-in traffic. The customer response has been tremendous. Customers and associates are able to quickly resolve issues that tend

NORTHWESTERN ENERGY | 2015 ANNUAL REPORT | PAGE 5

Clockwise from the upper left -- a lineman adjusts the transformer next to our solar microgrid pilot near Deer Lodge, Montana; one of our arborists assists at a tree-planting event; a graphic artist captures key points at a sustainable energy symposium in Bozeman, Montana; employees staff an energy-efficiency education tent in Thompson Falls.

to be trickier over the phone. Through our stronger local presence, we are strengthening our connection with our customers and our communities. As we've remodeled many offices to accommodate the new customer service functions, we're also looking at our inventory of over 170 occupied buildings and systematically addressing our employees' and customers' need for adequate facilities. Having replaced several local offices in South Dakota and Nebraska in recent years, we tackled our largest new building project with the completion of the $27 million General Office in Butte, Montana. The office, located around the corner from the complex of buildings that had served as the general office for over a century, is a state-of-the-art LEED certified structure that will provide a safe, healthy working environment for decades to come. Our direct focus on employee health, wellness and safety is the foundation of the culture that we've worked hard to build across NorthWestern. We're proud of a strong safety record that has steadily improved over the past few years thanks to careful planning and a committed, engaged workforce. Yet, the work that many of our employees do is potentially dangerous. We lost a respected veteran journeyman lineman, Bob Mitschke of Helena, Montana, in a tragic incident that occurred while repairing a transmission structure damaged by a Montana summer storm. We and the community Bob grew up in and served supported Bob's family and honored his memory in several ways including supporting one of his favorite charities, Marine Corps Toys for Tots. Toys for Tots was just one of hundreds of beneficiaries from our Community Works Fund. In 2015, employee teams located throughout NorthWestern country funded more than 1,900 of programs through local donations and employee team participation and individual volunteer grants. In all, the company donated more than $2.2 million to charitable non-profits, economic development, environmental enhancement and community service organizations in the three states we serve, and Yellowstone National Park. The combination of all of these activities are noted by our employees, customers and shareholders. In 2016, our J.D. Power and Associates scores were the highest we've ever achieved and Cogent Reports named us as one of the most trusted utility brands in the country. Our shareholder communications also received top marks in 2015 for transparent disclosure, receiving the top award

for exemplary proxy statement disclosure from NYSE Governance Services, adding to our team's impressive list of recognition previously received from Corporate Secretary magazine, Corpedia and Glass Lewis & Company. Our employee engagement is also very strong, we can't provide our customers the service they deserve without our dedicated and skilled employees. We've been preparing for the industry's aging workforce and the number of anticipated retirements over the next few years. In fact, in 2015 we hired 134 employees, many of whom were hired to fill openings from retirements. NorthWestern Energy is able to attract great new employees to work side-by-side with our veterans, because the work they do is meaningful and important. In addition to many employee retirements, a valued and respected Board Member is retiring in April at the end of his term. This Annual Report is dedicated to Denton Louis Peoples - Lou. After a decade of service on our Board of Directors, Lou is not seeking reelection. Lou is passionate about NorthWestern Energy. We are a much better company because of his clear thinking, tough questioning, and keen focus on areas such as technology and innovation. During my early days with NorthWestern, Lou and I spoke weekly and at length; I do my job better thanks to his mentoring. Lou cares about our employees, and spent time in the field learning about their work. He also gives back to the communities we serve. He is especially passionate about Scouting, which has been an important part of his own life. I thank Lou and his wife Mary Ann - they are a dynamic team for giving so much of themselves. As we look to the future, we're reminded of the intentional effort and careful planning that has brought us this far. It is with great confidence in, and the upmost respect for this team when I say that the future is growing both brighter and cleaner each day.

Sincerely,

Robert C. Rowe President and Chief Executive Officer
NORTHWESTERN ENERGY | 2015 ANNUAL REPORT | PAGE 7

