Bob Rowe is the President and CEO with 5 years of service.

Dear Shareholders: Growth defines a living organism. It isn't the result of just one input but rather many working in coordination. In the business context, thoughtful growth is one indicator of success. Although substantial growth isn't easy in mature sectors such as the utility industry, I'm proud to report that NorthWestern Energy is growing at a healthy, sustainable pace thanks to prudent, mutually beneficial investments in our customers, communities, employees and business.

2013 Annual Report // Page 1

Jerry Kneen is a Journeyman Service Technician in Mitchell, South Dakota with 33 years of service.

2013 Annual Report // Page 2

In 2013, we continued to put into place fundamental components for future growth. We completed our largest natural gas production purchase to-date ­ more than 900 producing gas wells and connected gathering systems with more than 82 miles of transmission lines, 576 miles of gathering lines and nearly two dozen compressors in northern Montana. This transaction also included an interest in the Havre Pipeline Company, which helps transport gas from the acquired wells and offers access to other non-NorthWestern owned gas that could help meet future customer needs. The acquisition is part of our continued strategy to provide our customers with greater long-term rate stability and supply certainty through resource acquisitions. This is the same long-term strategy that drove our pursuit of the hydroelectric facilities we have agreed to acquire from PPL Montana. The acquisition, if it is approved by our regulators, will help provide rate stability and clean, sustainable electricity for Montana residents and business owners for a great many decades to come. Obtaining ownership of the hydroelectric facilities to serve our Montana customers is our most significant step toward our long-term goal to acquire assets that will be dedicated to serve our customers, helping us to supply customers with stably priced, reliable electricity. It's also the continuation of a long-term commitment to seek strategic acquisitions that will help us to build a diversified energy portfolio that includes thermal, hydropower and cost-effective energy efficiency. In addition to these completed and pending acquisitions, our generation fleet continues to grow and diversify. In 2013, we welcomed the first full year of production for the 40-megawatt Spion Kop Wind Farm in Montana and inaugurated our newest natural gas fired 60-megawatt "peaker," located in Aberdeen, South Dakota. We continue to work with our partners in the coal-fired Big Stone and Neal power stations to implement environmental pollution controls to extend their useful lives well into the future. We are the trustees of the critical infrastructure that serves all of our customers. That's why we take a responsible, long-term approach to investing in our systems and our people. We must manage and

invest in our system so that it remains the engine for the future growth of the communities we serve. Our Distribution System Infrastructure Project (DSIP) completed its first full year of production after a two-year phase-in period. This nearly $380 million, multi-year program to accelerate the replacement and modernization of our existing electric and natural gas distribution systems in Montana is intended to address a number of objectives to arrest and/or reverse the trend in aging infrastructure while maintaining and/or improving upon our already high level of safety and reliability. The project remains on budget, with key metrics either met or running slightly ahead of plan as of the end of 2013. Our electric and natural gas transmission systems also are experiencing the need for growth, expansion and investment. We've begun to apply the DSIP approach to our transmission system through the implementation of a number of gas transmission projects and are beginning the development of our Transmission System Infrastructure Plan (TSIP). In addition, new electric transmission lines are intended to improve reliability to customers in southern Montana and southeastern South Dakota. The project to upgrade the 69 kV transmission line serving the area around Big Sky, Montana, to 161 kV is under construction and should be completed in 2015. The line will be energized to 161kV in early 2016. A project near Yankton, South Dakota, is expected to begin construction later in 2014. All of these projects are intended for the benefit of our customers by improving reliability and meeting the forecasted future demand for growing communities. Investing in our foundational infrastructure is necessary to support the modernization of technology. We're implementing new systems that will allow employees to do their jobs more efficiently while providing customers with more timely information about their accounts, energy usage and outage restoration progress. We're providing employees the training and the resources to do their jobs safely and effectively. We're in the midst of a transformative time as experienced employees retire, and we're actively engaging with all of our employees to make sure the decades of knowledge and experience is transferred appropriately to those who remain and to the many new employees that we are hiring.
2013 Annual Report // Page 3

Bob Knapp is a Journeyman Lineman in Butte, Montana with 29 years of service.

2013 Annual Report // Page 4

We anticipate this continued investment in our system to serve customers and communities to provide to shareholders, on average, an annual return (earnings growth and dividend yield) of 7-10 percent into the foreseeable future. And, the company's total shareholder return has out performed our peer group average, the S&P 500 index and the S&P Utility Index over the 1-, 3- and 5-year periods ending December 31, 2013, with the sole exception being the 1-year return versus the S&P 500. During the year we maintained our strong credit ratings and received an upgrade from Moody's in January 2014. In addition, we are currently on Positive Watch from Fitch. Where possible, we stage our investments so that they complement and build on one another, and we manage the impact of price changes on customers. In fact, even with our substantial investments in serving our customers, the total cost per unit of natural gas delivered to our customers has declined on average about 6 percent a year over the last five years. The cost per unit of electricity delivered to our customers has increased on average just over 2 percent a year over the same period.
Tom Glanzer is a Corporate Communications Coordinator in Huron, South Dakota with 8 years of service.

Our continued growth would not be feasible were it not for the steady, diverse growth of our communities. We are fortunate to be located in a part of the country that has experienced, and continues to experience, steady sustainable growth due to a number of factors. It's common to see one or more of our communities appear on a list of best places to live, work or do business. And we're striving to do our part to keep our communities high on the global radar for all the right reasons. Our employees energize their communities. They help make their communities better places through their work, and they contribute their time and talents in countless different ways. Approximately 80 percent of our employees throughout the organization are active community volunteer participants. We estimate that this contribution provides more than $335,000 in social value, nourishing the roots of our healthy and growing communities. In addition, NorthWestern contributes about $2 million annually in philanthropic, economic development, community engagement and educational support.

We are a good corporate citizen. We are responsible members of the community. Our environmental permitting and compliance program continues to reflect our emphasis on integrity and ethical responsibility. As we've expanded our energy generation capability, we've also expanded our strategic focus on all aspects of our environmental stewardship, ranging from storm water drainage to avian protection, from tree trimming to soil remediation. If we receive regulatory approval of the pending hydroelectric acquisition, we look forward to incorporating fisheries and related hydrological components into our stewardship program. Environmental compliance is one of our core values because it is important to our customers, it is important to our communities and it is important to our employees. We live and work where we do business, and our employees, in their personal and work lives, are strong proponents of maintaining a healthy environment for the benefit of future generations. It is our organization's responsibility to provide the necessary elements to individual employees so they can contribute in a meaningful way to our mission: Working together to deliver safe, reliable and innovative energy solutions that create value for customers, communities, employees and investors. Strong corporate governance is one of our great strengths. Customers, analysts and investors who have met our Board of Directors and executive team agree. We are proud of the recognition that we have consistently earned from leading industry, financial and media organizations for our demonstrated commitment to ethics, transparency, leadership and excellence. This year, we were recognized for the third time in a row by Forbes as one of the 100 most trustworthy companies in America (out of more than 8,000 total companies and only one of three utilities to make the list). Our ethics program received a strong "A" rating from Corpedia, placing us in the top 2 percent of all the energy and utility companies reviewed. For the second year in a row, we were a Corporate Secretary finalist for best proxy

statement, based on the quality of our disclosures. And, we earned a place as one of the Public Utilities Fortnightly "Fortnightly 40," based on sustained value creation over multiple years. Corporate governance is important to customers, but we know it's not the first thing that comes to mind for them. When our customers think of NorthWestern Energy, they are most apt to think of their local serviceman, town manager or customer service representative. Our employees know and understand that they are our face, voice, hands and heart of the company. We are fortunate to have a highly engaged workforce that takes this responsibility seriously. We help our neighbors when they need it, and we will always be ready to respond to whatever the situation calls for, including responding to major storms that effect our customers as well as other utilities and their customers. Our customers are front and center in the minds of our employees, but it's not just the responsibility of those who are most visible to customers. Behind every person on the front line is a team of people who contribute to the overall mission ­ ensuring the natural gas is there when the furnace kicks on when the outside temperature is -20 degrees and the lights come on when the school opens for the day. Customers trust us to be there when they need us. We are learning and innovating every day in ways large and small. Sustainable growth is not an accident. It is a deliberate result of each and every employee working in his or her own way toward a common vision ­ delivering a bright future. I'm proud to say it looks brighter every year.

Yours truly,

Robert C. Rowe President and Chief Executive Officer

2013 Annual Report // Page 6

