   TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS:
     Michael B. Polk
President and Chief Executive Officer
In 2012, Newell Rubbermaid delivered solid results while simultaneously driving significant change as we deployed the first stage of the Growth Game Plan strategy into action. Our demonstrated ability to deliver results while undertaking change gives us the confidence to now accelerate the pace of our transformation Ñ as we strive to build our Company into a larger, faster- growing, more global, more profitable Newell Rubbermaid.
   1

 NET SALES ÒNORMALIZEDÓ EARNINGS PER SHARE DIVIDENDS PAID PER SHARE (in billions) (in dollars) (in dollars)
    $5.86
$5.90
$1.59
$1.70
   $5.66
          2011
2012
Please refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures on page 110 for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
DELIVERING RESULTS WHILE SIMULTANEOUSLY DRIVING CHANGE
$1.50
2011
2012
$0.20
$0.29
$0.43
    2010
2010
2010
2011
2012
  A STRONG YEAR IN A TOUGH ENVIRONMENT
Our Company delivered sequential improvement in performance in 2012 on every key performance metric, despite sluggish macro environments in North America and Europe. Core sales grew 2.2 percent, 40 basis points faster than in 2011, normalized earnings increased 6.9 percent to $1.70 per share, normalized operating income margin increased 10 basis points, and operating cash flow increased 10.2 percent to $618.5 million.
Our strong cash flow enabled us to further strengthen our balance sheet and reduce leverage Ñ exiting 2012 with the strongest credit metrics in close to five years. Equally as important, we returned value to our shareholders through significant dividend increases and our repurchase of 4.9 million shares of NWL stock.
During the year, our Company delivered a number of noteworthy market successes. For the fourth consecutive year, our Tools busi- ness grew core sales in excess of 5 percent, generating 7 percent growth in 2012 (with almost half of the total growth in markets outside of the United States). Our Writing segment launched Paper Mate¨ InkJoy¨, fueling both category and share growth
in markets across the globe and delivered core sales growth of over 3 percent, with markets outside the United States delivering
almost half of the growth. In addition, our Baby & Parenting segment began to reap the benefits of new product innovation and a more strategic approach to customer partnerships, growing core sales nearly 10 percent with excellent margin improvement.
Core growth in emerging markets reached nearly 12 percent in 2012, with growth in Latin America of approximately 15 percent. Growth in the developed world was mixed, with good growth in the United States and Japan offset by declines in Western Europe and Australia/New Zealand.
Beyond our solid market performance, we simultaneously drove change. We launched the Growth Game Plan, our new strategy that focuses on sharper portfolio choices and strengthening capabilities with the ambition to make Newell Rubbermaid a larger, faster-growing, more global, more profitable company. We successfully executed the first phase of Project Renewal, taking the steps to simplify our organizational structure. We are on track to capture $90 million to $100 million of cumulative annualized cost savings from this initiative by our mid-2013 target, on time and in full.
We implemented a new SAP enterprise resource planning system in Europe which will provide us better clarity into our cost structure in that geography. We also deployed a new selling structure across our U.S. business with the creation of our Customer Development Organization, a new sales structure that better leverages our scale with key customers and in key channels, elevating our selling activities from merely transactional to strategic.
  2

 We announced the expansion of Project Renewal, a major sequential step to drive the Growth Game Plan into action
with five new cost work streams, including Organization Simplification, EMEA Transformation, Best Cost Finance, Best Cost Back Office and Global Supply Chain. By mid-2015, we
expect the expansion of Project Renewal to generate an additional $180 million to $225 million in cumulative annualized savings. These savings will be redeployed into programs to strengthen brand-building and selling capabilities in our Win Bigger businesses and geographies.
With solid momentum and our increasing confidence across much of the portfolio, in late 2012 we announced a major initiative designed to accelerate the pace of transformation and more boldly drive the Growth Game Plan into action. The centerpiece of this announcement was a change in our operating model that aligned our structure with our strategy while also reducing the complex- ity of our organization. We reorganized the Company around the first two pillars of the Growth Game Plan: our brand and category development activities (Development); and our market execution activities (Delivery).
The realignment resulted in the consolidation of our nine global business units into six business segments and the elimination
of the Consumer and Professional groups. This big simplifica- tion step not only heightens visibility into the business, but will strengthen the quality and impact of our big brand ideas and enable resources to be allocated against the ideas and businesses with the greatest right to win Ñ ensuring Newell Rubbermaid is nimble and responsive in what is a dynamic marketplace.
Coincident with these changes, we strengthened our executive leadership team with key new appointments from both within and outside the Company. Every member of this newly assembled team is a recognized leader in her or his respective field, and they signifi- cantly strengthen the four key functional capabilities of Customer Development, Supply Chain, Design and R&D, and Marketing. Combined, the new Newell Rubbermaid executive team brings decades of experience to our shared vision of building a better company, and we began 2013 with this team in place, running at full speed.
Our executive leadership team is led by Chief Development Officer Mark Tarchetti (right), leader of our Development pillar; Chief Operating Officer Bill Burke (center), who heads our Delivery pillar; and Chief Financial Officer Doug Martin.
BUILDING CONFIDENCE AND OPTIMISM
I see more potential in our business today than I ever imagined upon joining Newell Rubbermaid in 2011. Our confidence is build- ing across the business, and we have a growing sense of clarity that we can accelerate performance by driving the Growth Game Plan into action. I could not be more confident in our ability to achieve our ambition to build Newell Rubbermaid into a larger, faster-growing, more global, more profitable company. The oppor- tunity to unlock our upside is energizing for me and my team and a compelling opportunity for our shareholders.
On behalf of all my colleagues at Newell Rubbermaid, thank you for your support throughout 2012.
Best,
Michael B. Polk
President and Chief Executive Officer
  DRIVING THE GROWTH GAME PLAN INTO ACTION
    3
