   Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Key Developments in 2005
Since joining the company as President and CEO in October 2005, I have developed a strong impression
of where Newell Rubbermaid stands as a company and where it can go. There is a strong foundation to build upon. This is a company with brands that are relevant to consumers’ lives - brands that matter. We have dedicated employees who continue to deliver on the company’s financial commitments amidst adverse economic conditions. We also have a clear roadmap for achieving our goals and delivering value for our shareholders. I am proud to have been entrusted by the Board with the responsibility of leading this company to achieving its full potential.
Net sales in our Invest businesses grew 2 percent.
Our Office Products markers and highlighters, IRWIN® branded tools, Lenox, BernzOmatic, Shur-Line and Rubbermaid Commercial businesses all grew at least
5 percent. They illustrate the potential when we get the investment profile and consumer driven innovation right. This growth was offset by our strategic exit from $200 million of low-margin product lines, primarily in Rubbermaid Home Products, allowing us to focus on higher-margin, higher-potential opportunities.
We successfully met many challenges in 2005. We exceeded our earnings per share and free cash flow commitments, overcame unprecedented raw material inflation, reduced manufacturing overhead, increased investment in strategic SG&A and strengthened the portfolio. We delivered earnings per share of $1.54(4) (+10%) and generated free cash flow of $550 million. Our efforts in 2005 will play a key role in driving our business momentum for 2006 and beyond.
The company expanded its gross margin as a percent of net sales from 28.6 percent to 29.9 percent, despite the record level of raw material inflation we experienced. This expansion provides funding necessary for strategic investment behind our brands. We expect to continue increasing our gross margins through a combination of productivity improvements, new product innovation and managing the product mix.
Before discussing highlights from 2005, let me comment on how we think about our portfolio. Most of our businesses have sufficient operating margins and an innovation pipeline worthy of driving organic growth.
In November, we acquired DYMO, a leading brand of on-demand labeling solutions, to further strengthen our leadership position in the global office products category. DYMO has a strong track record of sales growth and new product innovation, and we are excited about their growth prospects and the potential for synergies across our other brands and categories.
(4) Please refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, provided as part of this annual report, for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
P. 3 / 2005 NEWELL RUBBERMAID ANNUAL REPORT
We refer to these as “Invest” businesses. The strongest of these have operating income margins above 15 percent, differentiated products and strong brand equity with their target consumers. We will invest disproportionately in our strongest Invest businesses, including incremental marketing support, geographic expansion and more new products and product line extensions. The balance of our portfolio is made up of businesses that are not generating sufficient returns to our shareholders. We have been successfully improving these “Fix” businesses and, in 2005, moved more than 13 percent of our revenue from the Fix to Invest category. We will start 2006 with 71 percent of our business categorized as investment grade. Most notable among the 2005 turnarounds are the Graco® and Goody® brands, which have been reinvigorated and already begun realizing their tremendous growth potential. Our intention is
to have the entire portfolio be characterized by differentiated products, strong brand equity and solid operating margins, and we expect to drive further substantial progress towards this goal in 2006.

          Brands That Matter
synergies of centrally led business processes. We have also adopted a shared services model for many of the accounting functions in Europe in 2006. All of these efforts to achieve best-cost are required to support growth in our operating margin while simultaneously funding the increased R&D and marketing investments mentioned earlier.
Achieving best-in-class status as a branded consumer and commercial products company requires a culture of innovation, built on a foundation of putting the consumer first. At Newell Rubbermaid our guiding light will be “brands that matter”.
Brands matter when they offer better performance or value; when they excite or delight the end-user. We will fund additional investment in research and development to gain greater insight into consumer preferences and address their unmet needs. As we identify best practices for verifying product innovation, we will reapply them to all of our businesses. As a result, we expect new product vitality, or the percent of company sales from products launched within the last three years, to double from its current level to over 30 percent.
2006 Key Imperatives:
• Drive top line sales growth
• Execute Project Acceleration
• Expand best-cost focus to all areas of cost
• Identify and address key corporate synergies • “Weed and Feed” the portfolio
Brands that matter are well-known to their target audience. This requires appropriate levels of advertising and promotion and an increase in the levels of marketing behind our most investment-worthy brands. Each of our businesses is zeroing in on the most effective ways to reach their consumers. For our tools brands this might be jobsite product demonstrations. For writing instruments and hair care this might be sampling. For our other brands it might be television, print, the internet or a NASCAR® sponsorship. What is imperative is that the marketing match the investment opportunity and create demand for our brands across the variety of consumers our brands must appeal to.
• Drive culture change through collaboration and teamwork
Best Cost Position
I am surrounded by a talented team with a passion for their work and a strong dedication to achieving results. Just as there is much hard work ahead of us, so too is there great opportunity. We are well-positioned for the future with a strong stable of brands to build upon. The road to increasing shareholder value is through becoming a best-in-class company with brands that matter. We appreciate your continued support.
It is critical that we achieve a best-cost position throughout our organization. We continued to improve our supply chain in 2005 by closing five facilities and expanding relationships with valued third-party suppliers. In addition to our ongoing productivity improvements, we also announced and initiated our global best-cost manufacturing initiative, Project Acceleration. We anticipate $120 million in cost savings from this program over the next three years.
Sincerely,
Looking for opportunities to gain synergy across all of Newell Rubbermaid is a must going forward. Within recent months, we have initiated additional supply chain optimization efforts that will leverage the scale of the total company. We consolidated Distribution & Transportation and the Purchasing function to gain the
Looking Forward
Mark D. Ketchum
President and Chief Executive Officer
April 3, 2006
2005 NEWELL RUBBERMAID ANNUAL REPORT / P. 4
