                                           1
 To Our Shareholders:
These are exciting times at Newell Rubbermaid
as we continue to transform into a consumer-focused, new product driven company. We are encouraged by our substantial progress. In 2002, we achieved strong internal sales growth of 3.3%, the highest in over four years, and earnings per share grew 15% to $1.58, excluding charges. Just as important, we demonstrated meaningful improvement in all five of our key financial measures.
We achieved these results by controlling our destiny in a difficult macroeconomic environment. Today, our focus remains fixed on what is strategically vital to us – organic growth through New Product Development, Marketing and Strategic Account Management. In addition, we have made broad-based improvements in our cost structure that are providing the resources for these growth strategies.
We are also encouraged by the enormous potential we see for our brands. We estimate that our sales account for only 2% of a $370 billion worldwide marketplace for consumer products and their commercial extensions.
By executing our strategic initiatives and controlling our destiny, we will capture a larger share of this enormous market. Our results to date provide early evidence that
we are right on track.
Joseph Galli
Chief Executive Officer
To further strengthen our presence in the worldwide marketplace, we acquired two outstanding hardware com- panies, American Tool in April 2002, and American Saw in January 2003. These hardware companies bring us five power brands: Lenox®, Irwin®, Marathon®, Vise-Grip® and Quick-Grip®, and position us as a strong player in the global hand tool and power tool accessories market.
How we win. At Newell Rubbermaid we have formu- lated a thoughtful, comprehensive plan to maximize our company’s long-term results. We call this our “How We Win” roadmap. It keeps us focused on the right measures, the right strategy, the right organization, the right operating cycle and the right culture. In short, our roadmap provides the direction we need to win in the marketplace and create value for our shareholders.
The right measures. All of our businesses measure their performance by the same yardstick, using five key measures: Internal Sales Growth, Operating Income, Working Capital, Free Cash Flow and Return on Invested Capital (ROIC). Collectively, they indicate how well we are executing our strategies.

                                          ”... there are no boundaries for Newell Rubbermaid and our powerful portfolio of brands, only immense opportunities.”
2
 Internal sales growth was 3.3% in 2002, versus a 7.6% sales decline in 2001. This significant sales growth was accomplished despite reducing sales to certain high- risk customers. Historically, we struggled to grow our exist- ing businesses, and instead, relied on acquisitions for sales growth. Today, we are focusing on growing sales organically. We believe we will reach a minimum 5% sustainable annual internal sales growth rate by 2004.
Operating income as a percentage of sales, excluding restructuring and other non-recurring charges, rose to 10.4% in 2002, versus 9.5% in 2001. Our plan is to grow operating income to 15% by improving our gross margin through a combination of increased productivity, high-margin new products and better product mix management. As operating margins begin to exceed 15%, we will invest more heavily in new product and marketing initiatives to ensure an even higher future growth rate.
Working capital as a percentage of sales improved
to 26% in 2002, versus 30% in 2001. Working capital improvement is vital to providing cash flow and allows us to further strengthen our balance sheet. We made good progress on reducing our working capital, and believe we have significant opportunities to further reduce inventory and to increase payables.
Free cash flow reached $392 million in 2002, equaling our record performance in 2001. Our free cash flow during 2002 is an important reflection of the quality of our earnings. Essentially, it enabled us to purchase American Tool. Over the next 12 to 18 months, our priority will be to reduce debt rather than invest in significant acquisitions.
ROIC improved to 10.5% in 2002, versus 7.9% in 2001. Results in 2002 demonstrate that we are more effectively using our capital by improving our earnings, reducing our working capital and better utilizing our fixed capital. Our intermediate goal is to reach 15% ROIC, and long-term, we will target 20% ROIC or greater.
The right strategy. At Newell Rubbermaid, our six strategic initiatives provide us with a consistent template for driving operating improvements to achieve our long- term financial goals.
Two initiatives, Productivity and Streamlining, target cost reductions to provide funds for our growth initiatives. We’re not looking to be pioneers here; we only need to implement best practices already established by other world-class companies.
The remaining four initiatives drive growth: New Product Development, Marketing, Strategic Account Management and Collaboration. They make up our “special sauce” because we believe they will provide us with an unassailable competitive advantage.
The pages that follow this letter will further describe the six strategic initiatives, along with a discussion of our Power Brands and Phoenix Program.
The right organization. We are aligning our organiza- tional structure to support our strategic plan. We have been extremely fortunate in attracting outstanding people and infusing their talent into strategic functions. In 2002, we enhanced our senior management team by adding 55 external hires and promoting 51 internal employees to the vice president level and above. Bottom line: We now have one of the most highly talented, passionate and results- oriented teams in the consumer products industry.

                                          6.9 6.9
       ’00 ’01 ’02
Net Sales
(in billions of dollars)
12 11
Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4
Strategic Account Sales Growth 2002 (percent increase)
7.5
19
16
3
    Our Phoenix Program, a network of over 500 recent college graduates serves as our in-store sales force, focusing on our strategic customers. We have hired over 1,000 Phoenicians from 128 universities since this program was established in 2001. Their impact has been substantial – sales to our eight largest strategic accounts are up 15% for the year and our relationships with these retailers are stronger than ever. The Phoenix Program continues to be
a source of future company leaders and we have already promoted 255 high-potential Phoenicians.
We concentrate heavily on training and developing the leadership talent we identify within our organization. Our training hits every level in the company, from newly hired Phoenicians to senior executives. Our senior execu- tives attend “Breakthrough Leadership”, an intensive week- long session of training taught by our company executives and board members. The subjects: How to develop out- standing leadership skills and How to drive breakthrough improvements at Newell Rubbermaid.
Our strong commitment to developing our people will be further amplified at our new global corporate head- quarters in Atlanta, Georgia, which will include a sophisti- cated world-class training center.
The right operating cycle. Our operating cycle is a series of monthly, quarterly and annual reviews. Previously, our businesses were fiercely independent, operating with their own strategies, metrics and timetables. Today, consis- tency is our operating standard. A consistent company-wide operating cycle now ensures that we are collaborating on the right things at the right time using a common language.
The right culture. We are changing our company from the top down and the bottom up – driving a new way of
thinking across all levels of our organization. We are creating a collaborative, responsive organization that is, above all, results-oriented. And while we recognize that culture cannot change overnight, there is clearly a growing esprit de corps in our organization.
Where we go from here. We are encouraged by our performance in 2002 and we believe we are on the right track. Nevertheless, we recognize that there is still more to be done. How we grow from this point is spelled out in our six strategic initiatives and five key measures. What follows in the narrative is a look at those strategies in action, and how they are reshaping our company.
As we see it, there are no boundaries for Newell Rubbermaid and our powerful portfolio of brands, only immense opportunities. We believe that we have the right strategy and people in place to deliver consistent, long-term results.
Above all, we have the right attitude. Our culture centers on the passion we all have for our business. Our people are a critical part of making Newell Rubbermaid one of the great companies of the world. In fact, the changes you will read about in this annual report could not have happened without the singular focus and dedi- cation of Newell Rubbermaid’s 47,000 employees.
Together, we control our destiny.
Joseph Galli
Chief Executive Officer
      