To Our Stockholders
2011 was a year of significant progress at Quanex Building Products.
During the longest and deepest recession in building construction mar
-
kets in the last fifty years, we continue to make investments in Quanex
that will strengthen our performance for customers, stockholders and
employees. Our “Point of You” theme is to communicate our drive to
provide a higher level of quality and customer satisfaction to our inter
-
nal and external customers, continue to grow through market share
gains and acquisitions and increase our levels of productivity and
returns to stockholders. Our “Point of You” is a strong belief that
leadership of our enterprise must deliver on value propositions to
our customers, our employees and stockholders. This is the winning
trifecta for Quanex Building Products and the reason for our “Point
of You” mindset.
One year ago, in my 2010 letter to stockholders, I believed the housing
and residential remodeling markets were at the bottom. For 2011, I antic
-
ipated a slowdown in the replacement window market and a modest
pickup in new home construction. The replacement window market
had been active due to two years of window tax credits from the govern
-
ment. The forecast of a slowdown in the replacement market was correct.
New home construction for single and multifamily structures was flat at
best during the year and the modest recovery that we anticipated never
materialized. As we look back on 2011, the industry shipped 38 million
windows, the lowest volume on record. Our end markets were the weak
-
est of the recession. We use an external analysis from Ducker Worldwide
to understand window demand and benchmark our performance. Ducker
estimates that window shipments dropped five percent year over year
and we believe it. Our customers took out more window fabrication
capacity in 2011, adjusting to the housing and repair and remodel
markets that we expect to remain well under historic levels for the
next several years.
Looking forward, we see continuing difficulty in the primary drivers of our
business. Our end markets are mired in an oversupply of an estimated
two million existing homes, tight credit and declining home values.
These macroeconomic issues will have to be worked through for primary
demand to return to more historic levels. Modest improvements in our
end markets will be welcomed as we continue to grow our business,
gain market share and drive productivity. In 2011, we continued to out
-
perform our markets. We lowered our break-even point, enhanced our
go-to-market structure and broadened our product portfolio.
Due to the
strength of our balance sheet, our business and our people, we were able to
strengthen the Quanex foundation in these historically weak economic times.
We are confident in the long-term prospects of Quanex Building Products.
Two important acquisitions were executed in 2011. In April, we
announced the purchase of Edgetech, a global market leader in insulating
glass (IG) sealant systems. Quanex was strengthened in multiple ways
from the purchase of Edgetech. The insulating glass spacer business,
combined with our Truseal business, gives us a clear global leadership
position in insulating glass spacer technology. Customers look to a
knowledgeable and quality sealant provider to supply double and triple
pane glass systems demanded by growing energy conservation stan
-
dards around the world.
Edgetech has helped Quanex build a much stronger sales and marketing
organization with the ability to touch the influencers and relationships
important in the global fenestration industry. As we integrated Edgetech,
we redesigned and strengthened our sales leadership, increased feet on
the street, dedicated marketing resources to our fenestration segments
and established teams to influence energy codes and standards.
With the acquisition came the opportunity to improve our cost structure
through consolidation efforts. We announced in early November the
consolidation of our Barbourville, KY, site with the Edgetech facility in
Cambridge, OH. The project will create a global center of excellence
for our insulating glass sealant solutions and drive an excellent payback
for the business. The IG business now has production capabilities at
Cambridge, OH; Coventry, England and Heinsberg, Germany. This global
reach will serve the growing markets for high-performance residential
and commercial glass systems.
Also, in March 2011 we purchased the vinyl extrusion capability of JELD-WEN,
a global leader in the fabrication of window and doors. The business was
integrated into our Mikron window and door systems business along
with a long-term agreement to supply JELD-WEN. Quanex believes that
our technical leadership in vinyl window systems, along with our North
American market leadership, drives a value prop
osi
tion that is critical to
high-performance window builders. We intend to build on this position
through high-quality products and services and bolt-on acquisitions.
Over the past year, we remained profitable and had solid cash generation,
while making heavy investments in the business to strengthen our future.
Sales for 2011 were $848 million, $420 million from Engineered Products
Group (EPG) and $440 from Nichols Aluminum (NA). EPG sales include
$53 million for seven months from the Edgetech purchase. Without
Edgetech, EPG sales were essentially flat compared to 2010, in a market
that was down five percent, according to Ducker. Even including the
business investments, EPG generated $56 million* of EBITDA, equal
to 2010. Adding back the special item expenses, we had one of the
healthiest operating margins ever at EPG, in the weakest market in
our history. Our best days are ahead of us.
Nichols Aluminum had a tough year. We grew revenues at Nichols
due to higher commodity prices, but pounds shipped were the second
lowest on record. Demand for aluminum sheet products for building
applications weakened throughout 2011 after strong market share gains
and customer restocking in 2010. Nichols Aluminum faced strong competition in 2011 as the industry recovered from a brutal 2009 and 2010.
On sales of $440 million, Nichols generated $26 million* of EBITDA,
respectable profits on weak demand and after heavy investment in
recover, the demand for aluminum sheet products will exceed the
industry’s ability to supply. As a result, we will continue to invest in
Nichols’ production capability and readiness. Nichols is a cyclical business and in the weakest of markets we are finding ways to generate
profits and sharpen our capabilities.
Quanex Building Products ended fiscal 2011 with $90 million in cash
reserves, less than $2 million in debt and the financial strength to build
our business. Our cash generation capability remains outstanding. The
investments we have made to reduce our footprint, strengthen our sales
and marketing, and improve our operating systems and product leadership will reward stockholders as our end markets recover. We believe
that the investments we have made in our people through safety and
wellness training, lean six sigma methodologies and customer listening
will prepare them to grow the business rapidly as global construction
markets recover. At Quanex, we remain investors in our business, our
people, our customers and our industry and are bullish on the long
term. Bullish on the long term because the world population continues
to grow and will demand high-performance fenestration and building
products components. Bullish because the demand for fenestration
components on a worldwide basis will grow. Bullish because people
continue to have pride of ownership in their homes and are willing to
invest in safety, efficiency and aesthetics. Bullish because Quanex
Building Products is one of the strongest and most unique companies in
the building products arena: unique in our market position and growing
and profitable in the most difficult markets.
As we think about the future, our “Point of You” is clear: we must increase
listening and responsiveness to our customers, we must continue to
sharpen and strengthen our delivery systems and our people, and we
must provide superior returns to our stockholders. Quanex Building
Products has never been in a stronger position to achieve these objectives.
Thank you to our employees for their commitment to continuous improve-
ment and excellence, to our board of directors for their leadership and
support and to our stockholders for their confidence and commitment.
My very best,
Dave Petratis
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer