SHARPENING OUR FOCUS
a very large player in the markets we serve. We are the only publicly traded company in the United States supplying a broad range of components, systems and services to window and door manufacturers. Some of the best names in the industry rely on Quanex to make their high quality, energy-efficient fenestration products. We have a history that dates back to 1927. Ours is a story of growing and contracting, evolving and game-changing. The faces and products may have changed along the way, but our dedication to product quality, innovation and customer service are recurring themes. While being proud of our history, we embrace the future and how we need to continue to evolve to best serve our customers, our shareholders and our employees. As in the past, our path is shaped by the opportunities that present themselves and our ability to respond to them. And opportunities are at hand. As the eighth President in the 85+ year history of the company, I proudly and enthusiastically take responsibility for setting our future course for success.

OUR History ­ Quanex is a relatively small company in size, but

On December 31, we acquired the assets of Atrium Window and Door, Inc.'s Greenville, Texas facility. This acquisition allows us to expand our product portfolio serving the new construction market and increases our manufacturing presence in the southern U.S. In the fourth quarter of 2013 we abandoned our project to implement a companywide ERP (enterprise resource planning) system. This resulted in a $15.3 million non-cash charge, but will allow us to significantly reduce our corporate costs going forward. We are seeing the benefits of our hard work at Nichols, where investments in the business have resulted in equipment uptime and productivity improvements. This has allowed us to significantly increase shipments and bring the operation to EBITDA profitability at net spread of only 41 cents, a near 20-year low for net spread levels. The ERP project and the net spread environment at Nichols have overshadowed the good progress at our EPG business. While growth has been lower than we would like, it has nonetheless been steady in our vinyl profile, IG (insulating glass) spacer and screen businesses. The IG facility consolidation, and productivity improvements at all the businesses, has also contributed to a steady increase in margins.

2013 in Review ­ Looking back on this past year, we were not at all

satisfied with our performance, and I know we can do better. I believe that both the top and bottom line results should have been stronger, and we are sharpening our focus to return to profitability in 2014.

Consolidated net sales for 2013 were $953 million compared to $829 million last year. Net income improved 29% from a loss of $16.5 million to a loss of $11.7 million. While the revenue growth is impressive at 15%, if you look only at our core window components business and exclude the partial year acquisition of Aluminite, we improved just 6%. For comparison, window shipments as reported by Ducker Worldwide, a market intelligence firm, increased 11% for the 12 months ending September 2013. Clearly we underperformed the market. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) were $42.8 million for fiscal 2013, compared to $12.6 for fiscal 2012. EBITDA is the measurement we use to track operational performance, as we believe it provides a consistent comparison of our profitability. So, in real terms, our operations improved $30 million. We ended the year with solid cash generation, resulting in $50 million of cash on hand and no outstanding borrowings on our revolving credit facility. the housing markets are returning. Quanex manufactures products typically used in the higher end remodeling and custom home building segments and less so in the higher volume segments of multi-family and tract built new construction. Unfortunately, the latter market is growing at a much faster rate than the former, and is the main reason for our underperformance to the market. Consequently, we are exploring ways we can participate in lower priced products that target new construction, even though our higher end core market will recover over the next few years. I think it is also important for us to expand geographically, domestically as well as in Europe, where the market is significantly larger than in the U.S. and more emphasis is placed on energy-efficient fenestration products.

outlook for 2014 ­ We expect to return to profitability in 2014. Our corporate costs should be reduced to approximately $30 million in 2014, primarily as a result of the cessation of the ERP project.
At EPG, we expect to realize revenue growth of around 5% and maintain our EBITDA margins in the 13% to 14% range, despite continued pricing pressure in our vinyl business. At Nichols, we expect net sales growth in the mid to high single digit range, and even in a continued low spread environment, we expect a modest improvement in Nichol's EBITDA results in 2014. Capital expenditures, primarily to support growth and productivity initiatives, are expected to be about $40 million in 2014, with the biggest share at EPG. We are committed to prudent cost controls, improving operating efficiencies, and growth through organic means, as well as through acquisitions. We will continue to provide our customers the best products and service in the marketplace. And, in keeping with tradition, we will sharpen our focus on the opportunities that bring the most value to our customers, employees and shareholders. Thank you for your continued support of Quanex. I'm excited about our future and believe it will be a rewarding one for all of our stakeholders.

Setting the Stage ­ The economic recovery is in full swing and

William Griffiths Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

EBITDA Reconciliation
EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that Quanex management uses to measure its operational performance and assist with financial decision-making. We believe this non-GAAP measure provides a consistent basis for comparison between periods, and will assist investors in understanding our financial performance, including under market conditions outlined in our forward-looking guidance. The company does not intend for this information to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for other measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.



Fiscal Year 2013

Fiscal Year 2012
Quanex

 EngineeredAluminum (Unaudited, $ in thousands)ProductsSheet Products

Corporate Engineered Aluminum Corporate & Other QuanexProductsSheet Products & Other

Operating Income (loss)  Depreciation & Amortization EBITDA

45,324 31,368 76,692

(996) 6,983 5,987

(62,057) 22,153

(17,729) 60,504

28,490 28,115 56,605

(17,098) 7,621 (9,477)

(36,345) 1,860

(24,953) 37,596

(39,904)42,775

(34,485)12,643

