Letter from the CEO: Focus on Fenestration
FISCAL 2014 IN REVIEW
Last year, I wrote that we would return Quanex to profitability after two successive years of operating losses, and that we would sharpen our focus and concentrate on our window and door markets. I am pleased to report that we were successful on both accounts. The highlight of the year was the successful divestiture of our Nichols Aluminum business for $110 million. This, together with the October 2013 decision to abandon the Company's ERP implementation project, enabled us to reduce our overhead Ducker Worldwide, window shipments increased 5.3% during this period. Another highlight of fiscal 2014 was the acquisition, and subsequent expansion, of a customer's vinyl extrusion facility in Greenville, Texas. This acquisition closed at the end of December 2013, and through the close of this fiscal year we have expanded capacity by over 70%. We are already underway with a further 50% capacity expansion in 2015, all of which is sold out. Acquisitions such as this, directly in our current space, remain a high priority in our capital deployment strategy. Unfortunately, this was the only transaction consummated in 2014, even though we had the opportunity to review many more. We will continue to use a very disciplined approach to our acquisition strategy, whereby the combination of risk, valuation and strategic fit are carefully balanced and evaluated before proceeding. The final highlight of 2014 was the September announcement of a $75 million share repurchase program. Using the same criteria of risk and valuation, together with a slow pipeline of suitable acquisition opportunities, it was clear that a share repurchase program was the best use of our excess cash at that time. This program will likely extend into the first half of fiscal 2015. mid to high single-digit growth rates over an extended period of four to five years. This would return U.S. window shipments to a mid-cycle level of 63 to 68 million units, through a combination of increased housing starts and a recovery in the remodel and replacement market. At this mid-cycle level, I would expect Quanex revenues, absent any acquisitions, to be $825 to $875 million, nearly a 40%-50% improvement from today's levels. EBITDA would also grow from $115 million to $130 million at mid-cycle. As we continue to invest in our existing business, look for 2015 capital expenditures to be $35 million for the year, of which $20 million will go into our vinyl profile business. As a second priority, we will continue to pursue targeted business acquisitions. These may include vertically integrated vinyl extrusion businesses or screen manufacturers that allow us to expand our existing fenestration footprint, grow our existing product offerings, acquire complementary technology, enhance our leadership position within the markets we serve, and expand into new markets or service lines. We are always in search of opportunities that can help us better serve our customers. We are optimistic about our earnings power as the market recovers and our number one priority is to remain ready to capitalize on that recovery. In 2015 we expect to build on our momentum and position Quanex for a successful future for our employees, customers and shareholders.

"WE ARE OPTIMISTIC ABOUT OUR EARNINGS POWER AS THE MARKET RECOVERS AND OUR NUMBER ONE PRIORITY IS TO REMAIN READY TO CAPITALIZE ON THAT RECOVERY. "
costs, and focus exclusively on improving the window and door business. This renewed focus allowed us to generate EBITDA of $48.1 million, the highest level since the spin-off of Quanex Building Products in 2008. This was a 38.7% increase over 2013, on a 7.3% increase in revenues. In comparison, according to

FISCAL 2015 OUTLOOK
While we expect a slow start to 2015, we anticipate that it will be very similar to 2014 in terms of market conditions and overall growth. We are forecasting 5% to 7% revenue growth and a further improvement in profitability, leading to EBITDA levels of $57 to $63 million. We continue to believe the housing recovery will follow a slow, steady path of

William Griffiths Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

