2

Nextel Communications, Inc. 2002 Annual Report

March 17, 2003

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDER,

In 2002, the Nextel team delivered on every one of our commitments and reached two of our most important financial goals well ahead of schedule. We achieved our first-ever annual net earnings and free cash flow. During a very tough year for the telecommunications industry, Nextel excelled. We outperformed other national wireless carriers in profitability, growth, customer satisfaction and delivery of value. In 2002, our performance, products and services established Nextel as positively different in every way that matters to those with a stake in our success. First, let me address the issue on all of our minds: financial performance. Nextel reported our first-ever annual net earnings of $1.66 billion of income on $8.7 billion of revenue, for earnings per share of $1.88. After posting three consecutive quarters of positive earnings per share, we achieved positive free cash flow more than a year ahead of our 2004 target. We gained market share, attracting an estimated 18 percent of all new national customers. Our nearly two million new subscribers increased our total customer base to 10.61 million at year-end, a 22 percent increase over 2001. We also delivered on another financial promise. We slashed $3.2 billion of debt and preferred stock from our balance sheet, which eliminates $5.4 billion in future cash obligations. And the market took note. By December 31, the value of our stock quadrupled from its mid-year low. For the year, Nextel shares were up almost 10 percent while shares of other wireless companies declined more than 44 percent. We achieved these remarkable results by adhering to Nextel's fundamental principle of focusing on People, Service and Value. Each year we set company-wide "PSV" goals. Once again, Nextel's people are to be commended for their stellar performance and unfailing dedication. We have the best team in the industry and building on this strength is a priority. Our 2002 annual employee opinion survey recorded the highest employee morale in Nextel's history, indicating that we are on the right track.

The Service and Value components of the PSV goals are addressed through Smart Growth, Nextel's strategic planning process, which drives value from every facet of our business through rigorous financial and operational planning. In 2002, Smart Growth helped us balance top line growth with disciplined cost management. By outsourcing certain customer care and IT functions, reducing capital expenditures, increasing sales through low-cost channels and realizing company-wide process efficiencies, we drove hundreds of millions of dollars in costs out of the business. And, we still turned in impressive performance in sales growth and network service. With the launch of sleek, feature-rich new wireless devices and ROI-centric data applications, we continue to provide truly differentiated products and services that deliver great value to our customers. These are among the reasons Nextel continues to lead all national carriers in monthly revenue per unit, lifetime customer revenue and customer loyalty. In another positive development, NII Holdings, Inc., our former subsidiary, successfully completed its debt restructuring in 2002 with the support of all involved parties. Our ownership is now 36 percent, and NII Holdings operates as a separate business, delivering Nextel value to wireless customers in key Latin American markets. For 2003, we have our sights set even higher. We expect to further outpace the competition by offering services no company can match on a network no one can duplicate. We've begun the rollout of Nationwide Direct Connect, the first and only nationwide digital walkie-talkie. This service will be fully available in the third quarter of 2003, with service stretching from Honolulu to Boston. We'll continue to offer exclusive and innovative new voice and data solutions for business. And we'll take advantage of our ability to nearly double our network capacity with a software upgrade from Motorola--saving us billions of dollars on infrastructure.
TM

P O S I I I V E LY D I F F E R E N T

3

Above all else, 2003 will be the year that Nextel becomes positively different in the area of customer service. We have made the right investments in the systems, tools, processes and outsourcing relationships necessary to make the Nextel brand synonymous with the best customer service in the wireless industry in 2003 and beyond. Nextel's culture has always been one of professionalism, credibility and accountability. We will continue to adhere to the highest ethical standards. Independent directors chair and comprise the majority of our Board of Directors' committees. And Nextel's company-wide Extreme Integrity compliance program was part of our fabric well before the high-profile misdeeds of others captured public attention.

I am proud of the accomplishments of Nextel's 15,000 employees and our strong management team. I am honored to be the standard-bearer for the company that is setting the pace for excellence in the wireless industry. Your continued confidence in Nextel has helped us build a brand that stands for what is truly good in business-- superior service, growing shareholder value and talented, energized people. The future is bright and Nextel is ready. Thank you for helping Nextel continue to be positively different. Sincerely,

Timothy M. Donahue President and Chief Executive Officer

Nextel's senior management team (left to right): Timothy M. Donahue, Thomas N. Kelly, Jr., Paul N. Saleh, Elizabeth R. Brooks, Barry J. West, Randall C. Harris, Robert S. Foosaner, Leonard J. Kennedy, Morgan E. O'Brien and Christie A. Hill.

