                                          TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
Now that we can look back at 2002 with perspective, insight, and even humor, it becomes clear that The New York Times Company enjoyed one of its most productive years as we resumed financial growth, took significant steps toward the accomplishment of our long-term strategy, and established an even larger presence in the growing global knowledge marketplace.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY 2002 ANNUAL REPORT 1
Arthur Sulzberger, Jr.
Chairman (right)
Russell T. Lewis
President & Chief Executive Officer (left)

                                        Admittedly, to paraphrase Ringo Starr, “it didn’t come easy.” A lot has happened over the past 12 months. The nation continued to cope with the innumerable economic, political and psychological repercussions
of the September 11 terrorist assault; the equity markets were roiled by a series of financial scandals; and increasing geopolitical tensions created a general sense of unease.
Yet, through it all, we enhanced shareholder value by staying focused on our primary objectives: providing world-class journalism and information, achieving strong revenue and earnings growth, and extending our brands across multiple media platforms.
We also exercised disciplined cost control, followed sound and conservative accounting practices, and adhered to our Company’s values and workplace
Rules of the Road. In addition, we enhanced an already supportive workplace, which was recently acknowl- edged by our inclusion in Fortune magazine’s annual list of the “100 Best Companies to Work For.”
Resurgence
In 2002 The New York Times Company generated $3.1 billion in revenues. We started off slowly with advertising revenues declining 5.9% in the first half of the year, but then improving 7.1% in the second half. Investors applauded this resurgence as our share price rose 5.7% in a year when the S&P 500 index declined by 23.7%.
Our diluted earnings per share (EPS) were $1.94 in 2002 versus $2.78 in the prior year. After adjusting for the 2001 sale of our Magazine Group, an accounting change, workforce reduction expenses and the amorti- zation of a noncompete agreement in both years, EPS improved 8.2%. (See the Form 10-K bound into this Annual Report for a reconciliation of adjusted EPS to EPS determined in accordance with accounting princi- ples generally accepted in the United States.)
Long-Term Strategy
Our healthy bottom line is directly rooted in our well- crafted long-term strategy, which is to operate the lead- ing news and advertising media in the national and
global “knowledge audience” market uniquely served by The Times, and in each of the local markets we serve.
We are achieving this bold blueprint for success by building an extensive portfolio of print, online and broadcast platforms to meet the ever-growing demand for quality content, to enhance our ability to serve advertisers, and to seize exciting opportunities created by emerging communication technologies and media convergence.
National Focus
Our primary tactic has been the successful transforma- tion of The Times into a national newspaper with strong circulation growth and an expanding share of the national advertising market.
x The Times reported circulation gains for both week- day and Sunday on its September Audit Bureau of Circulations statement, marking the eighth consecutive period of weekday gains. Sunday circulation has shown gains for seven out of the past eight reporting periods.
x In 2002 circulation revenues grew 11% to a record $564 million. Currently printed at 20 locations, The Times is available for home delivery in 235 markets nationwide – from Honolulu to Bangor – up from 62 just five years ago. The newspaper is on sale at approximately 55,000 outlets nationwide, up from 38,000 in 1998.
x These efforts were given a boost by a significantly enlarged and enhanced national edition. It includes a new Friday section, Escapes; an expanded Styles section; and The Arts, Dining In/Dining Out and House & Home sections, which previously appeared only in our New York and Northeast editions.
x On the advertising side, The Times continued to increase its share of the print market, ranking first in 19 advertising categories and first or second in 26 out of 35 advertising categories.
Of course, all of these achievements flow from our ability to provide world-class reporting, editing and photography, day after day. In 2002 The Times hit a high-water mark by winning a record seven Pulitzer Prizes, six of them for our 9/11 coverage.
Sarasota Herald-Tribune, SNN Cable
Herald-Tribune’s 24-hour cable news and information channel uses the same newsroom as its traditional print reporters and editors, allowing it to provide the Sarasota community with the most up-to-date news and information.
                     THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY 2002 ANNUAL REPORT 2
                  
                                         Digital Popularity
The national element of our long-term strategy also includes an industry-leading digital component, NYTimes.com, the No.1 newspaper site on the Web.
x The Times Web site built on its longstanding reputa- tion for innovation with new advertising formats such as Surround Sessions, Site Sessions and rich media advertisements that feature audio, video and animation.
x These innovations have paid off financially. In 2002 New York Times Digital was profitable on both an operating and a cash flow basis, enjoying an advertising revenue increase of 31.6% and an operating profit improvement of $16 million.
New York Times Television
In addition to our print and digital businesses, The Times is also reaching the national knowledge audience with an expanded television presence:
x Early in 2002, we announced a joint venture with Discovery Communications that provided for co-owner- ship of Discovery Civilization, a digital cable channel. It will be rebranded as The Discovery Times Channel.
x This deal also included a five-year agreement to sell a minimum of $40 million of New York Times-produced television programming to the full Discovery family
of channels.
There have been numerous examples of our excellent broadcast journalism:
x Four New York Times-produced documentaries were nominated for Emmy awards. “Bioterror,” co-produced for PBS’s “Nova,” won an Emmy award for outstanding background and analysis of a single current story.
x Three New York Times-produced documentaries on the roots of Islamic terrorism were cited when the Alfred I. duPont-Columbia University Gold Baton was awarded to PBS’s “Frontline” program early in 2003.
Global Audiences
As we expanded our presence nationally, we also found new ways to extend our content beyond our borders, carrying on a tradition that began with The Times’s
first issue on September 18, 1851, when it provided a comprehensive international report on Page 1.
The global media market is a great challenge, one that we are uniquely equipped to meet. We have the skills, vision and brand strength to become a major force in this exciting arena. Our international strategy includes a number of key elements:
x In January 2003, we completed the purchase of
The Washington Post Company’s 50% interest in The International Herald Tribune (IHT), giving us complete ownership and an even stronger print voice outside the United States. We are now leveraging the talents of the IHT and Times staffs to journalistically and financially strengthen what is already one of the world’s pre-emi- nent newspapers.
x The Times has developed branded pages for Le Monde, the leading newspaper in France, and for many other prestigious newspapers in Europe, Latin America and Asia. At the end of 2002, we completed agreements to provide branded pages of New York Times content in Spanish specifically developed for the Mexican and Central American markets.
x NYTimes.com attracts more than two million active users outside the United States.
Local Dominance
As we focus on the national – and increasingly global
– knowledge audience, we are also carrying out the second prong of our strategy, which is to operate the leading news and advertising media in each of the local markets we serve.
Boston provides the best example of our long-term strategy in a significant local market:
x Globe North and Globe NorthWest were launched last May, completing our suburban ring of regional sections. These new sections helped double the Globe’s zoned advertising revenues from $9.8 million in 1999 to $18.3 million in 2002.
x The Globe has also successfully collaborated on joint distribution, joint ad sales and some common editorial sections with the adjacent Worcester Telegram & Gazette, which we acquired in 2000.
 WHO, WNEP
The Broadcast Group, particularly our stations in Des Moines, Iowa (WHO), and Scranton, Pa. (WNEP), enjoyed an exceptionally successful year as political advertising increased sharply as a result of hotly contested races during the 2002 campaign season.
The Group also launched “America Votes 2002” to provide free airtime venues including town hall meetings, political debates, and public service announcements urging voter regis- tration and voting on Election Day.
            THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY 2002 ANNUAL REPORT 3
  
                                        x The Globe has a very strong digital companion, Boston.com, which is New England’s leading regional Web site with a 19.6% local reach. Together the Globe and Boston.com reach nearly two out of three adults in greater Boston each week.
x Our Company’s bases in Boston are also being covered by our minority partnership interest in New England Sports Ventures, which includes the Red Sox, Fenway Park and 80% of the extraordinarily popular New England Sports Network (NESN).
x NESN, a basic cable channel carrying Red Sox and Boston Bruins games to 3.7 million New England homes, provides the Globe and Boston.com with a sports programming outlet for our journalism, and combined ad sales and promotion opportunities for our advertising and circulation businesses.
Regional Newspaper and Broadcast Groups
Our Regional Newspaper and Broadcast Groups have also been playing an integral role in our local strategy:
x In September The Tuscaloosa News began printing at a new facility, allowing it to meet reader demand more efficiently and making it an ideal partner for businesses with commercial printing needs. Twelve of our 15 regional papers have commercial printing operations.
x The Broadcast Group enjoyed an exceptionally successful year as political advertising increased sharply as a result of a number of hotly contested races.
Cost Control
Every successful long-term strategy requires a consistent focus on cost control and improved efficiency. Compre- hensive expense control is a critical part of our effort
to enhance profits and strengthen the operations of individual units:
x Our nine optimization councils, a series of cross- divisional teams of employees, have been contributing to this effort by finding ways to leverage resources and buying power across business units and re-examining business processes to increase efficiencies. These efforts are changing how we conduct business in areas
including production, telecommunications, utilities, systems and marketing.
x Our recent investments in technology are also lowering our cost base and improving efficiency.
Our Board of Directors
As always, we worked closely with our Board of Directors. We thank them for all their assistance over the past year in enhancing our corporate governance practices and for everything else they have contributed to our Company.
Their efforts were greatly assisted by our newest board member, Cathy Sulzberger, a fourth-generation member of the Ochs-Sulzberger family. She brings an in-depth knowledge of The New York Times Company, its role in our society and the importance of renewal to keep it vital for the future.
Our Employees, Customers, Shareholders and Communities
We also thank our employees, our customers, our shareholders and our communities for their dedication and support.
2003 and Beyond
The New York Times Company is on track and well prepared for what will undoubtedly be one of the most exciting years in our long and distinguished 151-year history. In 2003 we will continue developing new distri- bution platforms and journalistic tools and finding innovative ways to serve additional audiences and markets. As the 21st century unfolds, providing us all with a few additional clues about where humanity
may be heading, we will be taking full advantage of the many exciting growth opportunities in this country and around the world.
Sincerely,
Arthur Sulzberger, Jr.
Chairman
Russell T. Lewis
President & Chief Executive Officer
   NYT Television
“Bioterror,” co-produced for PBS’s “Nova,” won an Emmy award in 2002 for outstanding background and analysis of a single current story.
The New York Times
In 2002 The New York Times hit a high-water mark by winning a record seven Pulitzer Prizes, six of them for our 9/11 coverage.
Image at left by Vincent Laforet
    THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY 2002 ANNUAL REPORT 4
                