To our fellow ShareholderS,
A sharp focus on the core brand of The New York Times. A commitment to increasing shareholder value. Investment for growth, with a tight rein on costs. 2013 was a year of accomplishment for The New York Times Company, fueled by our commitment to operational and journalistic excellence and significant strides in our plan for long-term growth.
In April, we announced a series of strategic initiatives, aimed at enabling us to grow revenue by leveraging The New York Times brand and the power and popularity of our exceptional journalism. Included among them is the next phase in our digital subscription/paid products strategy, international expansion and a renewed emphasis on both video production and brand extensions. We began to make progress on each of these fronts in 2013.
We continue to be pleased with the growth of our digital subscription base. At the end of the year, the number of digital subscribers to The Times totaled approximately 760,000, an increase of 19% over 2012.
These efforts, among others, contributed to a good year for shareholders, with strong share price performance and the reinstatement of a quarterly dividend. And in 2014 we intend to continue our emphasis on growing shareholder value.
Of course, all of our efforts have at their core the unparalleled journalism of The New York Times. In 2013, The Times was awarded four Pulitzer Prizes, the highest honor in journalism. The recipients were:
• David Barstow and Alejandra Xanic von Bertrab for investigative reporting for their reports on how Wal-Mart used widespread bribery to dominate the market in Mexico, resulting in changes in company practices;
• John Branch for feature writing for his evocative narrative, Snow Fall, about skiers killed in an avalanche and the science that explains such disasters, a project enhanced by its deft integration of multimedia elements;
• David Barboza for international reporting for his striking exposure of how relatives of China’s prime minister amassed billions in secret wealth through companies with close ties to the government, a well-documented work published in the face of heavy pressure from Chinese officials; and
• The New York Times staff for explanatory reporting for its penetrating look into business practices by Apple and other technology companies that illustrates the darker side of a changing global economy for workers and consumers.
The New York Times Company also had four finalists — two from The Times and two from The Boston Globe.
In an increasingly fractured and shrinking world, our journalism has never been more important. Through new technologies and the proliferation of social media, we see that The Times is quoted, referenced, tweeted, posted and circulated constantly and consistently. That vote of confidence — from users all over the world
— demonstrates the opportunity available to us on a daily basis. No matter the platform, the device, the application or the medium, The New York Times and its depth and breadth of coverage is sought worldwide.
To that end, in October we completed the rebranding of the International Herald Tribune as the International New York Times, providing a clear global platform for brand extensions and dissemination of news and information to readers and users all over the world. In the same quarter we also completed the sale of
our New England Media Group, including The Boston Globe, Worcester Telegram & Gazette and related properties, and our interest in Metro Boston. Together these actions strengthen our ability to intensify our focus on the core brand of The New York Times.
 2013 annual report
 
As we move forward, we plan to aggressively manage our legacy business while significantly investing in our increasingly digital future. We are focused on returning digital advertising to growth and believe we have the right team in place under the leadership of Meredith Kopit Levien, executive vice president of advertising. We will continue to emphasize custom advertising, coupled with Paid Posts, our unique approach to native advertising and branded content.
The Times Company ended 2013 with a robust balance sheet and in a strong strategic position, poised to thrive under a single, global brand. We could not have made these leaps forward without the hard work of our colleagues around the world and the support you, our shareholders, continue to demonstrate. Thank you. As we look to 2014, we will capitalize on this momentum which, we believe, positions us all for even greater success.
Arthur Sulzberger, Jr.
Chairman
Mark Thompson
President and CEO
february 26, 2014
   2013 annual report
 