The New York Times Company, like many other companies in our industry, is in the midst of an extra- ordinary transformation unlike any we have seen in our lifetimes. Well-respected, long-standing organizations successfully endure by closely adhering to what has always made them great while making the changes necessary to compete in a rapidly evolving world. Our colleagues understand what it takes to succeed in this era, and are working hard to create exceptional journalism while mastering new technologies.
  TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
   We are proud of what we have accomplished, but we also recog- nize much more needs to be done to improve our financial performance. As we are well aware, our chal- lenges are considerable as reflected in last year’s results. For 2006, we reported a net loss of $543 million or $3.76 per share (on a diluted basis) as a result of a non-cash charge of $814 million ($736 million or $5.09 per share) for the write- down of assets at our New England Media Group (NEMG). In 2005, diluted earnings per share (EPS) were $1.74, which included a gain on the sale of real estate of $0.46 per share. Excluding the effects of the NEMG charge and the real estate gains, our EPS were $1.33 for 2006 compared with $1.28 for 2005.
As a result of the significant decline in current and projected operating results and cash flows of the NEMG due to, among other factors, advertiser consoli- dation and increased competition with online media, the accounting rules required the Company to write down intangible assets of the Group. Despite this charge, we continue to view these properties as important assets, and we remain acutely focused on improving their performance and value.
Our optimism is rooted in the fact that our Company is enhancing its competitive position by making more changes than at any time in its 156-year history. Over the past year, we have introduced many new products, re-engineered our
operations and management processes, and both acquired and sold businesses and investments based on their strategic fit.
Our journalistic colleagues continue to demonstrate their unwavering commitment to reporting, editing and photo- graphy of the highest quality. Over the past year these efforts were rec- ognized with numerous awards, including three Pulitzer Prizes, a Polk and an Alfred I. duPont- Columbia University Award.
ADHERING TO OUR STRATEGY
Media leadership in the first decade of our new century has required that we embrace a disci- plined and expansive planning process, and we are doing exactly that with a five-part strategy:
– Enhancing the positions of our strong brands through the intro- duction of innovative new products and services across media platforms;
– Aggressively pursuing leader- ship positions in key content verticals, both in print and online;
– Building a vibrant long-term innovation capability that helps us anticipate consumer prefer- ences and create ways of satisfying them;
– Increasing our operational effi- ciency and reducing both fixed and variable costs; and
– Continuing to rebalance our portfolio of properties and to exercise financial discipline as we allocate capital for the bene- fit of our shareholders.
arthur sulzberger, jr. Chairman
improving opera- tional efficiency and reducing costs has been a priority for us.
  janet l. robinson President and CEO
 COST SAVINGS
As a result
of steps we have taken over the past two years, we have reduced costs and realized productivity gains of $120 million. This work continues.
1.
Consolidating our printing plants
2.
Continuing our process engi- neering initiatives
3.
Reconfiguring our workforce
4.
Decreasing our newsprint consumption
ENHANCING OUR STRONG BRANDS
The Company’s powerful and trusted print brands remain a strategic cornerstone. Traditional print newspaper audiences, on a daily basis, are still significantly larger than their Web counter- parts, and print commands high levels of reader engagement.
Consequently, we have pro- duced a range of exciting new magazines, including:
– PLAY, The New York Times
Sports Magazine;
– KEY, The Times’s new luxury
real estate publication; and
– Design New England, the Globe’s magazine devoted to
home and garden.
Other new product introductions include new zoned and special sections across the Company; new ad placements, including section fronts at nearly all of our newspa- pers; and new weekly newspapers at our Regional Media Group.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P.1

  Boston.com Mobile
INTERNET REVENUES (% of total revenues)
8 6
Just as we have a leadership posi- tion in print so too do we online. The New York Times Company had the ninth largest presence on the Web, with 44.2 million unique visi- tors in the United States alone in December 2006. We expect this audience to grow as we extend our digital offerings. We are aggres- sively developing new online products and building out our online verticals. Our approach is to attract more users, deepen their engagement through relevant con- tent and increasingly monetize the traffic from those users:
– We redesigned NYTimes.com, the No.1 newspaper Web site. We streamlined navigation, added more video and introduced new features such as “Most Blogged,” “Most Searched” and My Times, which enables users to capture their favorite feeds from around the Web in one place.
– We acquired Baseline StudioSystems, the primary business-to-business supplier of proprietary entertainment information to the film and tele- vision industries. It also has a growing syndication/licensing business that provides non- professional entertainment information to leading con- sumer-oriented Web sites. Baseline is expected to provide NYTimes.com’s popular enter- tainment vertical with enhanced content offerings and improved advertising opportunities.
– Boston.com launched a local search product, which includes content that is focused on areas of Greater Boston. This product is repositioning the site from a news and sports destination to a comprehensive resource for all things Boston. Similar search applications are planned for NYTimes.com and our Regional Media Group Web sites this year.
– We recently entered into a strategic alliance with Monster Worldwide, a leading online
recruitment company, to sell help-wanted ads, both on its sites and our newspaper Web sites.
Two years ago, digital revenues made up just 4% of our Company’s revenues. In 2006, over 8%, or $274 million, came from our digital oper- ations, which include About.com, NYTimes.com, Boston.com, iht.com and the sites associated with our regional newspapers. For 2006, online advertising revenues grew 41%. In 2007, we expect our total digital revenues to grow 30% to approximately $350 million mainly because of organic growth.
DEVELOPING OUR CONTENT VERTICALS
Our second strategic focus is the aggressive development of key content verticals:
– We expanded our real estate ver-
tical with the introduction of “Home Finance Center” and “Great Homes” on NYTimes.com and the debut of KEY Magazine.
– On NYTimes.com’s entertain- ment vertical we launched Carpetbagger, one of our first blogs with complementary video.
– We continued to build About.com with the acquisition of Calorie- Count.com, a site that offers weight loss tools and nutritional information. About.com has consistently been the third largest commercial health chan- nel and the third largest food channel on the Web.
Operational integration is a critical ingredient in our efforts to intro- duce new products, to develop our key verticals and to generate increased revenues. In 2006, we brought together our print and digi- tal advertising teams and combined our print and digital newsrooms at all our newspaper properties.
BUILDING OUR RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT CAPABILITY
The third area of strategic focus is to build a vibrant long-term R&D capability that helps us
anticipate consumer preferences and devise ways of satisfying them. Its scope includes:
– New products and platforms,
including mobile and video;
– New tools and services, such as analytics that can be used to better serve advertisers’ increasing preference to target
specific audiences; and
– Strategic partnerships and
investments.
Our R&D group, in its first full year of operation, worked closely with our business groups to create new mobile products at many of our properties and to launch the local search product at Boston.com. It was instrumental in the launch of the Times Reader, a new product that takes advan- tage of Microsoft’s Vista operating system to combine the format of the newspaper with the function- ality of the Web.
IMPROVING OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCY & REDUCING COSTS Our fourth strategic focus is operational efficiency and cost reductions. We are continuing to make significant progress in reducing costs: over the past two years, we have lowered costs and realized productivity gains of approximately $120 million.
We have been working to reduce our fixed cost base across the Company, and have announced plans to close our Edison, N.J., print- ing plant and consolidate printing of The Times’s metro edition into our newer College Point, N.Y., facility. The consolidation should be completed during the second quarter of 2008 and will result in annual savings of $30 million.
Our process engineering ini- tiatives have been a long-term priority. As we continue to rethink our operations, part of this process calls for eliminating, consolidating or outsourcing certain tasks and increasing investment in technologies that
 The New York Times received three Pulitzer Prizes in 2006:
James Risen and Eric Lichtblau for national reporting for their coverage of the U.S. government’s secret eavesdrop- ping program.
Joseph Kahn and Jim Yardley for inter- national reporting for their examination of China’s legal system.
Nicholas Kristof for commentary bring- ing the genocide in Darfur to the world’s attention.
In addition, Times journalist Lydia Polgreen won a George Polk Award for her coverage of Darfur.
     4
 2004
2005
2006
P.2 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

New Products
We are introducing innovative new products and services across media platforms to increase our value to our audience and advertisers.
PLAY, The New York Times Sports Magazine, which published four issues last year, has drawn great response from new advertisers who value the publication as an effective way to reach affluent readers who are also sports fans. The Times also launched a real estate magazine named KEY, which attracted new advertisers in residential and commercial real estate, one of its largest advertising categories.
The Boston Globe expanded its niche publications with the launch last fall of Design New England, a high-end home publi- cation targeted to both owners and buyers. In 2007, the Globe plans to publish several more issues of Design New England and launch other magazines including a fashion publication.
         VIDEO
We are actively building our video journalism capability at all of our Web sites in order to capture higher-rate video advertising.
Video traffic on NYTimes.com has grown significantly since its redesign last spring. The strength of its traffic can be attributed in part to the variety and volume of its original videos, which are filmed, edited and produced by Times journalists.
In 2006, About.com launched its original video library in key categories such as health, food, parenting, and home and garden. It also began partnering with Healthology to offer over 1,000 physician-generated videos. This year About.com plans to significantly expand its library to include thousands of new high-quality video segments.
 About.com
In 2005, we greatly augmented our digital portfolio with the acquisition of About.com, a leading online provider of consumer information. In its first full year as part of the Times Company, About.com turned in an out- standing performance.
Its operating margin expanded to 38% in 2006, up from 27% for the period in 2005 in which we owned it. This growth is attributable to higher advertising rates as well as increased volume due in part to more content and features.
About.com’s content is created by a network of Guides—experts who are passionate about their topic areas and have deep knowledge and strong credentials in their fields. Last year we added 88 new Guides, bring- ing the total at year end to 587. This year we expect that number to increase to nearly 700.
In addition to significantly expanding the number of Guides and building our presence in key verticals such as health, food and parenting, we are looking overseas for growth, since 30% of About.com’s traffic comes from outside the United States.
At all of our Web sites, About.com is sharing its expert- ise in optimizing content to be more visible to search engines, leading to significant increases in traffic.
 digital initiatives
We are expanding our sizable audience through continued application of search engine optimization and new products such as local search on Boston.com. NYTimes.com and Boston.com now offer many new features including video, podcasts and blogs.
Last year, HeraldTribune.com (Sarasota, Fla.) launched IbisEye Hurricane Tracker, an award- winning site that tracks Atlantic Ocean tropical storms and hurri- canes. Some of our regional papers have recently launched citizen journalism initiatives where readers can submit stories and photos of community news and events to their Web sites.
And we are continuing to seek acquisitions such as Baseline and Calorie-Count.com, stra- tegic alliances and investments that give us valuable exposure to emerging areas of the Internet.
THE NEW YORK TIMES COMPANY P.3

  allow us to operate more effi- ciently and effectively.
We are further decreasing our newsprint consumption, and later this year The Times will reduce the width of the paper, providing us with more than $10 million in annualized savings.
This spring, we are moving to our new corporate headquarters, and our capital spending for it will come to an end shortly there- after. The midtown Manhattan real estate market has improved significantly since we began this project, and our new building’s value is now considerably more than our cost. With the staff reduc- tions that have taken place and with some departments working in lower cost office space, we are planning to lease five floors, totaling approximately 155,000 square feet, which is one-fifth of our space.
REBALANCING OUR
PORTFOLIO & EFFECTIVELY ALLOCATING CAPITAL
Our fifth area of strategic focus is rebalancing our portfolio and exer- cising financial discipline as we allocate our capital for the benefit of our shareholders. We continu- ously evaluate our businesses to determine if they are meeting their targets for financial performance, growth and return on investment, and remain relevant to our strategy.
Over the past year, we sold our 50% investment in the Discovery Times Channel for $100 million; we announced an agreement to sell the Broadcast Media Group for $575 million; and in the first quarter of this year, we expect to finalize the sale of our radio station WQEW-AM for $40 million.
With the completion of our new headquarters and the restruc- turing of our portfolio, we will create additional value for our shareholders by being very disci- plined with the use of our free cash. Our priorities include:
– Investing in high-return capital projects that will improve oper- ations, increase revenues and reduce costs, such as our plant consolidation and web-width reduction projects;
– Making acquisitions and invest- ments that are both financially and strategically sound as demonstrated by our acquisi- tions of About.com and Baseline;
– Reducing our debt to allow for financing flexibility in the future; – Providing our shareholders with
a competitive dividend; and
– Repurchasing our stock.
These first two items are critically important as they enable us to grow revenues and reduce costs, and thereby improve the Company’s long-term results. We are also bal- ancing our goals of maintaining appropriate debt levels and paying a competitive dividend with that of repurchasing our shares.
SUPPORTING OUR DUAL
CLASS STRUCTURE
Our dual class structure has been in place since we went public and was designed specifically to protect the journalistic indepen- dence and integrity of The Times. We are proud of this ownership model, and are glad— especially in light of what is happening with some of our esteemed media colleagues — that we have a dual class structure. It provides our newspapers and Web sites with the freedom to pursue the great journalism that our readers in this country and around the world want and expect.
BEING A 21ST CENTURY LEADER
The digital age is changing our market in innumerable ways and the need for quality news, infor- mation and analysis is more important than ever, underscoring our central value proposition.
The foundation of all our efforts is our staff, readers, viewers, lis- teners, advertisers, shareholders,
communities and our board of directors, and we want to thank them for their loyalty and support. We also want to thank Cathy Sulzberger, who has decided not to stand for reelection, for her ded- ication, committee service and many contributions to our Com- pany, and welcome Dan Cohen to the board. As a fourth-generation family member, he brings a deep understanding of our Company’s historic mission and its long-term business objectives.
As we contemplate the many challenges of this very fluid business environment, we are con- fident that we have the financial wherewithal, the technological competence and the professional commitment to provide our audi- ences throughout the world with an even more compelling brand of multiplatform journalism in the years to come.
arthur sulzberger, jr.
Chairman
janet l. robinson
President and CEO
   ENHANCING VERTICALS ON NYTIMES.COM
Our vertical initiatives are focused on improving coverage and adding more content, tools, video and other multimedia.
This January we re-launched the Travel vertical, which now features over 1,000 redesigned global destination guides, each containing reviews and suggestions from New York Times journalists and readers, as well as guidebook infor- mation from Frommer’s. Page views are up
in key areas of the vertical and user response has been tremendous.
Last year on the Real Estate vertical we launched “Great Homes,” a branded national online luxury environment targeting the aspirational browser and the luxury buyer, and “Home Finance Center,” which posi- tions NYTimes.com as a trusted and objective online advisor to streamline and simplify the mortgage process.
  P.4 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
