                                         P2
 To Our Fellow Shareholders:
Since its purchase in 1896 by Adolph Ochs, The New York Times, and the Company that bears its name, have always strived to be exemplars of the high-quality journalism that is an essential element in our nation’s democracy. Our ability to accomplish this important goal depends, in some measure, on the quality and continuity of our business leadership. At the beginning of 2004, we started a senior management transition that will serve us very well in that regard.
In February, we began this process by appointing Janet Robinson to the new position of chief operating officer. At the end of this year, Janet, who guided The Times’s national expansion, will become president and chief executive officer when Russ Lewis, one of the Times Company’s most excep- tional leaders, retires. We are confident that Janet will pilot our Company through a new era of growth and expansion and help us fulfill our long-term business and journalistic goals. As part of this leadership transition, Scott Heekin-Canedy succeeded her as president and general manager of The New York Times newspaper.
At The New York Times Company, we have learned from more than a century and a half of experience that a business enterprise must continually adapt, innovate and grow if it is to remain competitive and vibrant. This hard-earned wisdom was particularly helpful in 2003. Despite the continuing challenges presented by what we hope will be the final effects of a multi-year advertising recession, we managed to improve our
net income and earnings per share (EPS) last year, while also taking significant strides in the implementation of our long-term business strategy.
While we established an extraordinary record of reporting at all of our newspapers, broadcast outlets and Web sites in 2003, we also adopted strong reforms to protect the integrity of our news coverage in response to a regrettable episode of plagiarism and fabrication of stories.
And by continuing to adhere to our core values, staying focused on the accomplishment of our long-term priorities and exercising cost discipline, we were able to strengthen our financial and journalistic foundation and enhance shareholder value.
While $3.2 billion in revenue and a diluted EPS of $1.98 represented only modest gains over 2002, our many jour- nalistic, circulation, advertising, marketing and production achievements in 2003 have set the stage for us to achieve greater gains in 2004 and beyond.
An Effective Long-Term Strategy As we have mentioned in our previous annual letters, our long-term strategy is to operate the leading news and advertising media in each of the markets in which we compete – both nationally and locally.
A National Omnipresence The centerpiece of this strategy is extending the reach of The New York Times’s high-quality journalism into homes and businesses in every
 
                                         THENEWYORKTIMESCOMPANYANNUAL REPORT 2003
P3
 city, town, village and hamlet of this country. Toward this end, in December we opened our 255th home-delivery market. Over the past year, our national expansion initiative has achieved some other impressive milestones:
• The Times, in its Audit Bureau of Circulations statement for the six-month period ended September 30, 2003, reported increases in both its daily and Sunday circulation. This is the latest chapter in what has become a very exciting growth story as nine of our last 10 ABC statements have shown daily increases, and eight out of the last 10 have shown Sunday gains.
• As a result, we have been able to maintain the pace of our ambitious national circulation plan. By the end of 2003, we were halfway toward reaching our 10-year goal, established in 1998, of increasing our national circulation – outside the New York metropolitan area – by 250,000 copies on weekdays and 300,000 copies on Sundays.
 Times Company Executive Committee (seated, l-r): Russell T. Lewis, Arthur Sulzberger, Jr., Michael Golden. (Standing, l-r): Solomon B. Watson IV, Janet L. Robinson, Leonard P. Forman, Martin A. Nisenholtz, Cynthia H. Augustine.
• This success is having a substantial impact on our financial results. In 2003, The Times reached almost $600 million in circulation revenue – once again breaking the previous year’s record.
ATransformedAdvertisingBusiness TheTimes’s national expansion drive is also transforming our advertis- ing business:
• In each of the last three years, The Times has been able to exceed $1 billion in advertising revenue – the only news- paper or magazine in the country to achieve that feat.
• Over the past five years, we have grown our market share, at the expense of our national newspaper competitors, from 39% to nearly 50%.
• Since 62% of The Times’s total ad revenue now comes from high-rate, high-yield national business, we are in a strong position to benefit from an improving economy.
An Expanded Global Presence As we continue to win new subscribers throughout the United States and attract more national advertising, we are also fixing our sights beyond our own borders. The International Herald Tribune is the centerpiece of these worldwide ambitions. Our efforts to deliver the most comprehensive, analytical daily journalism to a well-educated, affluent, influential global audience are being led by the IHT’s new publisher, Michael Golden, who is also the Times Company’s vice chairman.
 The Boston Globe won the Public Service Pulitzer for its breakthrough investigation of the Boston Archdiocese’s sex abuse scandal. A courageous group of reporters and editors shed light on an important issue and took a hard look at one of the world’s oldest and most important institutions.
  
                                         P4
      Michael’s 27 years of publishing experience, as well as his stature within our enterprise, is proving to be an important asset as the IHT expands its journalistic impact by offering exciting new editorial and design features, by extending its base of loyal readers and attracting more business subscribers, and by strengthening its position in the interna- tional advertising market.
We expect to draw heavily on the many lessons we have learned during The Times’s national expansion initiative in order to create a more profitable financial formula for the IHT that will enhance its circulation and advertising revenue streams while creating new business opportunities.
We will also be emulating our domestic success in offering advertisers the opportunity to buy ad packages across Company properties. Already IHT/Times Global Buy initia- tives have yielded nearly $2 million in 2003, and we intend to exceed this number considerably in 2004.
Record Digital Profits Another cornerstone in our expansion strategy is New York Times Digital, which achieved record revenues and operating profit in 2003. These financial results are due in large part to the success of NYTD’s flagship Web site, NYTimes.com, which now attracts more than 1.4 million users daily and is the largest newspaper-owned Web site in the world.
NYTimes.com combines The Times’s award-winning jour- nalism and breaking news coverage with deep databases of content. It also features increasingly rich multimedia presen- tations aimed at its large and growing broadband user base.
Multiple Online Revenue Streams NYTimes.com’s financial success is rooted in the diversity of its growth- oriented revenue streams. For example, we are helping to set the online industry standard for display advertising. In 2003, we were the first to offer large format “half-page” ads, while behavioral targeting was also added to complement our pioneering registration-based demographic targeting.
A New Television Presence The Times’s national expansion has yet another component: television. Our new co-owned digital cable channel, Discovery Times, has been successfully building its audience with award-winning programming. It is now available in 32 million homes – that’s an increase of more than 100% in the past 12 months. Advertisers have also noticed our new channel, with sales almost tripling over the past year.
We were also very active in creating award-winning programs for our own channel and for other outlets as well.
 At the beginning of 2004, the International Herald Tribune introduced significant editorial and design enhancements, which include an array of new writers, columns and features that provide its readers worldwide with a broader news perspective through increased coverage of business, media and technology.

                                         THENEWYORKTIMESCOMPANYANNUAL REPORT 2003
P5
 Our employees from across the Company: Newspaper Group, Broadcast Group, Digital and Corporate.
  New York Times Television, one of the nation’s leading producers of nonfiction programming, developed documen- taries on a wide range of subjects, including the roots of Islamic terrorism, the standoff in the Middle East, an inside view of late-night television talk shows, and the killing and maiming of employees by a major pipemaking company.
Local Market Dominance The second prong of our strategy, establishing our media businesses as the dominant source of news and advertising in each local market they serve, is also being carried out successfully. For example, our efforts in the New England market are being anchored by The Boston Globe, which commands an 85% share of the Boston market’s newspaper revenue./
The Globe’s local market strength is complemented by a strong digital component, Boston.com, a leading portal. This Web site, which is also making a significant contribu- tion to NYTD’s growth, has been ranked as one of the Top 20 news Web sites by Nielsen NetRatings.
Boston.com is an integral component of our powerful port- folio of properties in the nation’s sixth-largest media market. The Globe, the Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Boston.com, NESN (the cable sports network of the Boston Red Sox and Boston Bruins owned by New England Sports Ventures in which we have an equity interest), and Globe Specialty Products (a direct mail business), collectively reach over 70% of the 4.7 million adults in the Greater Boston market each week.
One cornerstone in our expansion strategy is New York Times Digital, which achieved
record revenues and operating profit in 2003. NYTD’s reputation for innovation continued at NYTimes.com and Boston.com in 2003 with the introduction of large format “half-page” ads, which were then adopted across the industry.
 And we are following this multiple-media platform approach in all of the local markets served by our regional newspapers and broadcast stations. For example, in Sarasota, Fla., we own the Sarasota Herald-Tribune, Sarasota News Now (a 24-hour cable news channel), HeraldTribune.com and Sarasota Style, a monthly magazine.
In 2003 our regional newspapers also expanded their revenue streams by launching five new magazines, already profitable or soon to be. These new publications have found receptive audiences who appreciate their thoughtful coverage of a wide array of local and regional issues.
Our Broadcast Group is also implementing our local strategy by entering into working partnership arrangements with local newspaper, cable outlet and radio station coun- terparts. These new relationships are extending the reach of our television properties and helping to position our broadcast stations for growth during this election year.
  
 P6
                                              The New York Times
10-year National Expansion:
Progress Report at 2003 Midpoint
When The New York Times newspaper embarked on its national expansion strategy at the end
of 1998, its goals were to increase circulation and high-rate national advertising. Here’s a look at how we are doing five years into the plan.
Increased national circulation
Added 116,000 daily and 162,000 Sunday copies outside New York, midway to our copy goals
Grew the percentage of circulation outside the New York metro area to 47% from 38% on weekdays, and to 51% from 43% on Sundays
Increased home-delivery markets to 255, up from 171 Expanded to 58,400 retail outlets nationwide, up from 38,000
Contracted to print at 7 additional sites, for a total of 20 sites, and upgraded existing locations
Increased national advertising
Grew the percentage of ads in the high-rate national category to 62% from 52% of total advertising revenues
Increased the percentage of advertising that runs nationwide to 88% from 82%
Expanded color printing capacity, which enabled The Times to increase color advertising revenues 173%
Grew color advertising, which now accounts for 23% of The Times’s ad revenues, up from 9%

                                         THENEWYORKTIMESCOMPANYANNUAL REPORT 2003
P7
   Cost Control The effective accomplishment of our long- term strategy requires the exercise of consistent cost discipline. We are continuing to do this by identifying those areas where we can perform more efficiently, streamline our processes and make systemic cost reductions.
For example, our use of newsprint, which accounts for approximately 10% of our costs, is receiving intense focus. Thanks to the work of one of our “process optimization teams,” we were able to reduce by 38% the number of cost- ly paper breaks as our newsprint travels through the printing press. This effort, in combination with other initiatives that are decreasing newsprint consumption, is enabling us to save $3 million annually.
We also consistently achieve cost savings through technology investments in such areas as our customer relationship management system, The Times’s online Ad Portal and our centralized purchasing and administrative functions.
Enhancing Shareholder Value The successful emphasis on our long-term strategy and our continuing focus on cost control are two of the most significant ways in which we demonstrate our commitment to enhancing shareholder value. Two additional examples are our stock repurchase program, in which we spent $205.8 million in 2003 to repurchase 4.6 million shares, and our dividend, which has grown at an annual rate of 9%, almost double the average rate of our peer group over the past five years.
Quality Print, Broadcast and Online Content As always, our business achievements are anchored by our ability to provide our millions of readers, viewers and listeners with quality news and information.
We can take particular pride in the performance of our correspondents and photographers who were embedded in combat units or on duty in Baghdad and throughout the surrounding region. Tragically, one of them, our friend and colleague, The Boston Globe staff reporter Elizabeth Neuffer, was killed in an accident while reporting on what continues to be a very dangerous story. We will always pay honor to her service in the cause of a free press.
We are also proud of our staff’s coverage of the many other major news events that occurred in 2003. As our readers undoubtedly remember, we extensively documented the AIDS pandemic, the world trade talks, the power blackout,
  The Times’s national expansion has yet another component: television. Our new co-owned digital cable channel, Discovery Times, has been successfully building its audience with award- winning programming, and it is now available in 32 million homes – that’s an increase of more than 100% in the past 12 months.
 
 P8
                                             the North Korean nuclear threat, the conflict between India and Pakistan, and the Columbia shuttle disaster.
Our Board of Directors We once again want to thank our extraordinary board of directors for guiding us as we made our way through the myriad challenges of 2003. Their support has helped us to remain focused on our long-term strategy and ambitions, while also attaining important short- term objectives.
We would also like to welcome Thomas Middelhoff, the former chairman and CEO of Bertelsmann and now a partner at Investcorp. His background and experience in the international media and Internet businesses will be extraordinarily useful.
Our Employees, Customers and Shareholders
And finally, we thank our staff, our customers and our share- holders for their dedication, support and loyalty.
2004 and Beyond This year brings with it the promise of improved business conditions. The national economy appears to be entering another growth cycle, and despite all of its difficulties, Wall Street is rebounding. The national newspaper advertising market also seems to be resuming its long-term secular growth trend. For our shareholders this means that because our Company has steadfastly pursued its successful long-term business strategy during the difficult economy of the past few years, we are now very well positioned to take disproportionate advantage of a new, rising economic tide.
One thing a company that has successfully endured for 152 years knows is how to take full advantage when events turn its way ... and we plan to do exactly that.
Sincerely,
Arthur Sulzberger, Jr.
Chairman
Russ Lewis
President and
Chief Executive Officer
  Now let me take a chairman’s prerogative and offer a postscript to our annual letter:
Russ is my partner and my friend. We have worked together for more than 25 years and I will miss him when he
retires. He is a brilliant and inspirational leader, who has compiled a truly outstanding record of achievement. In fact, he has frequently been cited as one of the country’s most successful and respected chief executive officers.
We, of course, know how well deserved such recognition is, for Russ is one of the wisest, one of the funniest and one of the most decent individuals to have ever worked for The New York Times Company. This is saying something, since as we noted earlier, we’ve been around for a very long time. On behalf of our 12,000 employees, I want to say thank you for all that he has contributed
to our organization.
