                                        TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
1
Great institutions successfully make the transition
into a new era by knowing what must be preserved, what must be learned, what must be reevaluated, and when it is time to go in a new direction. These are never easy decisions, but they are absolutely necessary as we contend with the financial, technological and market developments that are transforming our industry.
As we enter the second half of the decade, our consumers have more media options, newspaper circulation is under increasing pressure, and consolidation among major advertisers has contributed to lower growth in newspaper advertising than in past years. Costs for newsprint, compensation and marketing have been rising. All of these factors affected our results in 2005, as our diluted earnings per share (EPS) decreased to $1.78 from $1.96.
Our 2005 EPS included a gain of $0.46 per share for the sale of our current headquarters and another property offset by charges totaling $0.27 per share for staff reduction expenses and costs associated with an accounting change. We also incurred expenses of $0.15 per share for stock-based compensation as a result of adopting a new accounting standard. These items are described fully in our Form 10-K.
Increasing Shareholder Value
Last year presented challenges for all media organizations and The New York Times Company in particular as we saw our share price decline significantly. It is difficult to determine exactly why any one stock moves up or down, but what was clear in 2005 is that newspapers in smaller markets outper- formed those in metropolitan areas, where national advertising makes up a greater percentage of the advertising mix. About 45% of our newspapers’ ad revenues came from national advertising compared with 16% for the industry overall.
This year we will commemorate our 155th year of opera- tion, and since the Times Company went public more than 35 years ago, we have experienced many market cycles. We remain confident in our ability to improve our businesses, maintain our cost discipline and increase our revenues. Moreover, we
are committed to expanding our margins and growing our earnings, thereby increasing shareholder value.
Despite a difficult advertising environment, we have continued to increase our dividend annually. Last April, we raised it 6.5% and, over the last five years, we have grown our dividend by a compound annual growth rate of 8%.
Additionally, from 1997 through 2004, we were aggressive buyers of our stock and repurchased nearly one quarter of the shares outstanding. With the construction of
our new headquarters and the acquisition of About.com, we repurchased shares at a slower pace in 2005. Going forward, we will continue to evaluate the financial benefits of buying back more shares.
Moving in a New Direction
The Times Company is responding to the new business environment by aggressively building a 21st-century media organization that enhances our quality journalism, reinvests in print, embraces new uses of media, provides greater opportunities for interactivity, and encourages the sharing of common interests and social networking.
Achieving this ambitious vision has required a new corporate strategy, new leadership, new products, new operat- ing procedures, new ways of interacting with our customers – and a lot of hard work. We are pleased to report that as a result of the extraordinary dedication of our colleagues throughout the Company, we have achieved important milestones in our three major growth initiatives:
• Expanding our portfolio of multimedia properties to reinforce market leadership.
• Creating products to attract new audiences and advertisers, extend our geographic reach and bring together people with common interests.
• Transforming our content and our advertising sales efforts to better serve our readers, viewers, listeners and advertisers.
  
                                           2
Next Generation of Leadership: We moved a series of executives into new leadership roles to tackle our journalistic and business challenges. They are using their broad-based responsibilities to improve our editorial content, speak
to the next generation, expand our presence on the Web, develop new products, increase revenues, decrease costs and thereby make our Company more competitive. Here are some of these new leaders:
Expanding Our Multiplatform Portfolio of Properties
Our strategy’s first initiative – to expand our multiplatform presence – has been bolstered by our acquisition last March of About.com, a leading online provider of consumer information.
This acquisition, which has enabled the Times Company to become the 10th largest presence on the Internet, has allowed us to achieve scale in key verticals and demographics through the combined reach and inventory of our Web sites. These sites are serving advertisers with comprehensive solutions, including video, display, classified and cost-per-click advertising opportunities.
With About.com, NYTimes.com and Boston.com, we are now able to offer over a billion monthly page views to the marketplace, and About’s search engine optimization expertise has been helping all our Web sites to increase their traffic markedly. At the same time, About.com is benefiting from the Times Company’s expertise in publishing quality content and creating innovative advertising solutions.
We also made broadcast and print acquisitions.
The Broadcast Media Group added another station in Oklahoma City, KAUT-TV, establishing our first duopoly. Our ownership of KFOR and KAUT is enabling us to achieve operating efficiencies and offer advertisers more and varied ways to reach their audiences in that market.
Our 49% interest in Metro Boston, a free daily newspaper, provides a new avenue to reach well-educated young professionals in this market.
The Regional Media Group added the North Bay Business Journal, a weekly publication targeting business leaders in California's Sonoma, Napa and Marin counties.
Developing New Products
A second initiative of our strategy is bringing print and online product innovations to market:
Denise Warren was named
senior vice president and chief advertising officer for The New York Times Media Group and now directs its combined advertising staff. This new position reflects the cross-platform selling approach that we are taking with our businesses.
We acquired About.com in 2005 and named Scott Meyer president and chief executive officer and Andrew Pancer chief operating officer. They are working together to augment the site’s revenues, enhance the user experience and build its worldwide audience.
  • The Times’s “T” magazines added $10 million in revenues in 2005. The newspaper also launched Thursday Styles,
a mid-week cousin of The Times Sunday Styles section, focusing on fashion, fitness, beauty and lifestyles.
• TimesSelect, our new fee-based product on NYTimes.com, is diversifying our online revenue base by charging non- print subscribers for access to our distinctive columnists and The Times’s archives. As of mid-February, we had approximately 425,000 TimesSelect subscribers, including both home-delivery and online-only subscribers.
• ExploreNewEngland.com, launched by The Boston Globe and Boston.com, focuses on travel and entertainment and is a shopping resource for advertisers and consumers.
• Our Regional Media Group continued to add new weekly newspapers and magazines in 2005. More new products, including online content, are planned for this year.
• “PLAY: The New York Times Sports Magazine,” launched on Super Bowl Sunday 2006, provides national advertisers with an attractive new audience of sports participants
and enthusiasts.
• The International Herald Tribune is gaining additional advertising revenues from its recently launched “Books and Ideas” Saturday section.
Establishing Research and Development Capability
We are building on this momentum by creating a research and development group that concentrates on new media ventures such as search, video, mobile technology and e-learning. This initiative is designed to expand the future distribution of our information products and allow us
to stay ahead of the technological and consumer curve.
 
                                             3
    Stu Stoller was named vice president, process engineering and corporate controller, and has been given companywide responsibility for leading sustainable cost reduction through process mapping, innovation and new technology.
Building Audiences
Rhonda Brauer, our corporate secretary, assumed the newly created position of corporate governance officer. Ken Richieri was promoted to vice president and general counsel to make greater use of his broad legal and business experience.
Jeff Moriarty, who has held key digital positions throughout the Company, was made vice president of new media for the Regional Media Group, where he will help to expand our online presence there and across the Company.
Laurena Emhoff became assistant treasurer and plays a leading role in treasury operations, improving our cash management and implementing our Sarbanes-Oxley initiatives in the Treasury department.
Another key element of our strategy is building our print, online and broadcast audiences.
The Times recently began printing in Houston and Toronto – our first national print site outside of the United States. Our expansion efforts help us target additional ZIP codes and pursue quality circulation and readership.
NYTimes.com, which is entering its 10th year of operation, is the No. 1 newspaper-owned Web site in the world, visited by a worldwide audience averaging 17 million unique users per month.
Boston.com, one of the nation’s leading regional portals, celebrated its 10th anniversary in October. Last year it began registering its users to combine demographic data with behavioral targeting, which resulted in increased ad rates charged for the site’s average 150 million monthly page views.
Meeting the Needs of Readers and Advertisers
Our third initiative incorporates operational efficiencies to meet the needs of our readers and advertisers more effectively.
The editorial side took a major leap forward in the con- tinuous news cycle as The Times integrated its print and digital newsrooms. As we more efficiently deploy our journalistic re- sources, we are improving the user experience of our audiences.
We reorganized the advertising sales staffs at The Times and New England Media Groups and are now providing advertisers with integrated and customized multimedia packages.
Achieving Impressive Advertising Results
Online advertising continues to be a significant area of growth. NYTimes.com experienced an increase of 30% as a
result of its healthy mix of revenues, most of which – unlike those of many other news sites – come from outside the classi- fied categories in the rapidly growing national display area.
In 2006, we will build out various sections of NYTimes.com, providing our readers with more content
and more features and our advertisers with additional inventory space to promote their brands and products.
Our daily newspapers and broadcast stations all have Web sites. In 2005, we generated approximately $198 million in revenue from all of our Internet businesses, 6% of the Company’s total revenues.
Providing Quality Journalism
While our strategy has a number of new components, provid- ing quality journalism will always be the cornerstone of all our efforts. In 2005:
• Boston Globe journalist Gareth Cook won a Pulitzer Prize for explanatory reporting for his articles on stem cell research.
• Times journalist Walt Bogdanich won a Pulitzer Prize for national reporting and a Polk Award for his series, “Death on the Tracks,” revealing how railroads used their political influence to evade responsibility for a deadly safety record.
• Times journalist Dexter Filkins won a Polk Award for war reporting for his account of an eight-day battle for Falluja.
• Times journalist Diana Henriques won a Polk Award for military reporting for her series on how soldiers were fleeced by insurance and investment companies.
• The Press Democrat received a Polk Award for regional reporting for its “Global Shift” series on the export of manufacturing jobs from Sonoma County.
• NYTimes.com took three Online News Association Awards: for “general excellence,” “breaking news” for tsunami coverage and “outstanding use of multimedia” for its
“Class Matters” series.
• The Times won an Emmy and a duPont Columbia Broadcast Award for best investigative journalism for its “Secret History of the Credit Card.”
 
                                             4
    Michael Zimbalist was named vice president, research & development operations, to direct new media ventures and oversee Boston.com. His new group will help us create innovative information products and help us stay ahead of the technological and consumer curve.
Dan Lyons, who initiated and developed a new online classified effort, “Total Disclosure Dealers,” was named group vice president of sales at our Broadcast Media Group.
Mary Jacobus was appointed The Boston Globe’s president and general manager and Richard Daniels was named president, Boston Globe Media. These new positions
reflect a restructuring that will enable us to build and extend the deep market coverage of our New England properties.
Michael Oreskes was named executive editor of the International Herald Tribune. His many assignments at The New York Times made him uniquely qualified to lead the IHT’s newsroom.
• And the Discovery Times Channel received two Emmys: for best historical programming – long form category for “Reporters at War,” and for outstanding individual achieve- ment in research for “Declassified: Nixon in China.”
Our strong commitment to quality journalism was evident in our support for Times reporter Judy Miller’s struggle to protect an anonymous source; The Times’s investigation on the federal government’s domestic surveillance program; and The (Houma, La.) Courier’s response to Hurricane Katrina, providing invaluable assistance to its Times and Globe colleagues while helping The Times-Picayune in New Orleans to print its papers.
Controlling Expenses
Managing expenses is ingrained in our growth strategy. In 2005, we began a systematic review across the Company to determine how we could increase effectiveness, free up resources, and achieve revenue and cost benefits from produc- tivity gains. Our process mapping and productivity gains are expected to lead to annual savings of approximately $45 mil- lion in 2006, with about a third of the savings related to our staff reduction programs. These efforts focused on our two largest costs – people and paper, which make up about half
of our total expenses.
We decreased the size of our workforce, beginning last
summer, by approximately 200 positions. In September, we announced the elimination of another 500 positions, which will be substantially completed by the end of the first quarter of 2006. At the beginning of 2001, we had approximately 13,800 employees and we expect to be at about 11,400, down 17%, excluding acquisitions and divestitures, by year-end.
These staff reductions are due, in part, to our productivity initiatives. Other factors include our ability to leverage the investments that we have made in technology and centralizing back office services over the past few years. We are also reducing
structural costs related to our benefit programs, such as our stock-based compensation, pension and healthcare expenses. Last year, we converted our print sites to a lighter-grade
of newsprint, which will provide annual paper savings of $3.5 to $4 million.
Saying Thank You
We thank our board members, and especially retiring directors John Akers and Henry Schacht, for their enormous dedication, wise counsel and extensive contributions. We also welcome Jim Kilts to our board – we will greatly benefit from his skills, expertise and leadership.
We also want to thank our staff, readers, viewers, listeners, advertisers and communities for their loyalty and support. Finally, we will miss our colleagues who have recently left the Company. Their many contributions and dedication are greatly appreciated.
Going Forward
In 2006, we will pursue our mission of multiplatform leadership by maintaining the highest journalistic standards, bringing people together as communities of shared interest and adhering to the core principles of integrity, customer focus, innovation, collaboration and economic vitality. By closely adhering to this disciplined and entrepreneurial mindset, we will bolster our competitive position and provide our shareholders with greater value.
Sincerely,
Arthur Sulzberger, Jr.
Chairman
Janet L. Robinson
  President and CEO
