Letter to Shareowners
OGE Energy Corp. improved earnings by 7 percent in 2009
and increased dividends for the fourth year in a row. Both OG&E and Enogex strengthened their growth potential with investments in utility and pipeline systems that expand their capacity to serve customers and improve the stability of returns for investors. Across all lines of business, OGE has controlled costs and improved operations, elevating consolidated financial performance.
When we talk about Next Generation, we’re focused on creating value for customers and investors in the years ahead. At the same time, we’re adhering to our core values and beliefs to ensure we do things the right way; ever mindful of how our decisions might affect our children and grandchildren.
As we formulate and execute our strategy, we remain keenly aware of
the important role our companies play in the everyday lives of our customers and communities. We must continue
to meet their needs safely, reliably and efficiently. In these areas, we are pleased to report that our 3,400 employees are doing a great job.
2020 Plan
An important part of the plan for our utility business is to delay the expense of additional fossil-fueled electric
generation at least until 2020. This goal keys off the timely acquisition of the natural gas-fired Redbud power plant and the 600 megawatts it added to OG&E’s generating fleet in 2009.
Redbud helps make the 2020 objective attainable, but historical load growth suggests our existing power plants alone won’t be able to get us there. So we’re also implementing demand-management programs and laying the foundation for more innova- tive approaches with smart meters.
This strategy gives us time before we must make our next big generation decision, allowing for greater clarity
to materialize on environmental regu- lation and technology development. Meanwhile, we’re executing on our key initiatives by investing in natural gas pipeline systems, wind power, electric transmission and smart grid.
Managing Demand
The next generation of the electric meter is coming to OG&E’s customers in Norman, Oklahoma, an important step toward a smart system that promises benefits for customers and investors alike. The new meter, supported by in-home technology and new electricity pricing models, will give customers opportunities to make energy-use decisions that drive demand to lower- cost hours of the day, an outcome consistent with our 2020 plan.
We are supporting this with load curtailment and energy efficiency programs approved by state regula- tors; with a goal to restrain electric load growth in the decade ahead to
a level 7 percent lower than we would expect without our various demand- management programs.
14 OGE Energy Corp.

 Win-Win Projects
We are well on our way to our near-term goal of 770 megawatts of wind power. In addition to its environmental benefits, wind creates value by cushioning the impact of fuel price spikes. We added the 101-megawatt OU Spirit wind farm in 2009; and we’ve also obtained regulatory approval for power purchase agreements that will add 280 megawatts from new wind farms to be built in 2010. By the end of the year we expect to have 550 megawatts of wind energy on our system.
We’ve also built a key electric transmission link for more wind energy. It comes online in 2010 and should encourage the further development of the region’s abundant wind resource. We also are working on other high- voltage transmission lines, including some on the Southwest Power Pool’s list of projects to ensure the reliability of the regional power grid.
We look forward to these and
other utility investments that will help us increase earnings and, at the same time, create savings for customers. Smart grid, transmission, wind farms and demand-management investments all contain such win-win opportunities.
Investing for Growth
System expansion helped Enogex weather the economic downturn in 2009 and now we’re seeing a rebound in several rich natural gas producing areas. Investments in our gathering systems, our transportation system to support deliveries outside the state, and a new processing plant have driven our expan- sion. We’ve also reduced volatility in our gas-processing business through an emphasis on contracts with fixed fee terms. Looking ahead, we continue to see opportunities for solid returns from new projects in key areas.
Earnings growth requires the right operating and financial capabilities working together. We have successfully managed spending and capital projects in response to business conditions and funded investments largely through internal cash flow. We have improved our credit profile while also increasing our growth objectives, and we plan
to continue on this same path in the years ahead.
Our business environment today is marked by challenges and uncertainties. But we expect to continue on our path, focusing on serving our customers well, providing opportunities to our employees and delivering solid returns to our shareowners.
Sincerely,
Peter B. Delaney
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 OGE Energy Corp. 15
