ONEOK continued to create exceptional value for shareholders by delivering both consistent growth and stable earnings.
Letter to Shareholders
Remember how as children we would ask our parents from the backseat of the family car, Are we there yet? And our parents would say, We’re well on our way. Those thoughts occurred to us as we reflected on where we’ve been, where we are and where we are going. It’s been a remarkable journey – and continues forward at rapid speed.
In the first year of our second century of operation, ONEOK turned in another excellent performance and, in doing so, continued to create exceptional value for shareholders by delivering both consistent growth and stable earnings.
The last 10 years or so have been marked by significant change as we began piecing back together parts of the natural gas value chain. Our vision was to provide more comprehensive services and better value for our customers and superior returns for our shareholders. The pursuit of our vision has resulted in many changes at ONEOK.
• Just 10 years ago, our natural gas distribution business represented approximately 80 percent of our earnings and today it represents 21 percent. Even more impressive, over that same period we almost doubled the asset base of our distribution business, which serves customers in Oklahoma – where it all began in 1906 – and Kansas and Texas.
• We developed one of the nation’s premier natural gas marketing businesses, with primary emphasis on physical marketing. Energy Services provided 25 percent of our operating income in 2007.
• We acquired and developed a wide array of assets along the natural gas and natural gas liquids value chain.
In 2006, we sold these assets to ONEOK Partners, a master limited partnership, and became the sole general partner and a 45.7 percent owner of the partnership. As the sole general partner, we manage and operate the partnership. In 2007, ONEOK Partners provided 54 percent of ONEOK’s operating income. Its contributions to ONEOK have been exceptional, surpassing even our original expectations, and this is the reason we continue to designate ONEOK Partners as our primary growth engine.
Over this time period, our assets, capabilities and footprint have increased dramatically – now stretching from Canada to the Texas Gulf Coast and from the Rockies to markets in the Northeast.
1

ONEOK’s 2007 financial performance exceeded expectations.
Performance Matters
Overall, ONEOK’s 2007 financial performance exceeded expectations. Net income was $304.9 million, compared with $306.3 million in 2006, which included our $32.3 million share of the gain from the partnership’s sale of a 20 percent interest in Northern Border Pipeline. Here is a look at how our three major businesses performed:
• ONEOK Partners’ financial performance was exceptional during a year when we were executing on a myriad of
growth projects, announcing new ones and completing a strategic acquisition. Operating income was $446.8 million, compared with $511.2 million in 2006, which included a $113.9 million gain from that Northern Border Pipeline transaction. Excluding the effect of that sale, operating income increased 12 percent in 2007.
• Our natural gas distribution business performed at a new level of profitability in 2007, with operating income
of $174.2 million, compared with $117.5 million in 2006. The improvement included the impact of new rates
in Kansas that went into effect on January 1, 2007. Over the last three years, our distribution business has significantly improved its return on equity and continues to narrow the gap between actual and allowed returns.
• Energy Services turned in a solid performance, in spite of lower natural gas price volatility, which limited our optimization opportunities when compared with the record-setting previous year. Operating income was $205.3 million, compared with $229.2 million in 2006, when we generated higher margins resulting from the carryover effects of massive supply disruptions caused by hurricanes in the third quarter of 2005. The majority of Energy Services’ income is derived from the physical delivery of bundled products and services to local distribution companies and industrial customers.
‘Growing’ the Partnership
A year ago we wrote that ONEOK Partners was “flexing its muscles and building its future” with more than
$1 billion in internally generated projects. While delivering on that promise and safely and efficiently operating its businesses, the partnership announced another $500 million in growth projects and completed a major acquisition during 2007.
We will begin to see the fruits of our labor when the partnership’s largest project, Overland Pass Pipeline, comes on line this year. This new pipeline will bring natural gas liquids (NGL) from Wyoming to the partnership’s expanding fractionation and storage facilities in central Kansas.
In October, ONEOK Partners also acquired an NGL and refined petroleum products pipeline system extending from that Kansas fractionator to Chicago. This $300 million acquisition was immediately accretive to earnings and serves as another example of assets that fit and work together.
As a result of this purchase, the partnership’s growing NGL business now serves major market centers in Kansas, the Texas Gulf Coast and Chicago. This acquisition opens the door to new customers in the upper Midwest and allows the partnership to enter a new link in the energy value chain – refined petroleum products such as unleaded gasoline and diesel fuel. Eighty employees joined the partnership as part of this transaction.
 2
Are We There Yet?

Because approximately 60 percent of ONEOK Partners’ overall business is fee based, its earnings are relatively stable. The partnership’s fee-based business will increase as the big slate of growth projects comes on line. This aligns with our strategy of providing consistent growth and stable earnings. Following this letter, we describe the larger projects and explain how this growth benefits ONEOK.
We are very pleased with ONEOK Partners’ growth and performance since we became the sole general partner two years ago.
Increasing the Dividend
We increased the ONEOK dividend twice in 2007 and yet again in January of 2008 for a total increase over that period of 19 percent. Since January of 2003, we have increased it 12 times – a 145 percent increase overall.
Our goal is to pay out between 50 to 55 percent of our recurring earnings to you, our shareholders, in the form of dividends.
As of January 2008, ONEOK Partners had increased its cash distribution to unitholders in eight consecutive quarters, representing a 28 percent increase since we became the sole general partner. This adds value to the ONEOK shareholder via ONEOK’s ownership of units in the partnership and from the additional incentive distributions received as the sole general partner. As we have said many times, when ONEOK Partners grows, ONEOK grows. Our interests are clearly aligned.
 Tribute to David
When our leader, colleague and friend David Kyle stepped down as president and chief executive officer of ONEOK on January 1, 2007, we entered
a year of transition that went smoothly, thanks to continued help from David and the efforts of our new management team.
Jim Kneale, our former chief financial officer and treasurer, stepped into the role of president and chief operating officer. Curtis Dinan, our former chief accounting officer, filled Jim’s former roles as chief financial officer and treasurer. And I began serving as chief executive officer, in addition to my role as president and CEO of ONEOK Partners – and more recently, chairman. Our jobs changed, but ONEOK’s vision and strategies did not.
David retired as a full-time employee on
January 1, 2008, when he began serving as non-executive chairman of the ONEOK board of directors. His ONEOK career, spanning more than 33 years, is remarkable for a number of reasons. He was instrumental in formulating ONEOK’s vision and strategy in the late 1990s, which led the way for so much of our profitable growth.
As our chairman, president and CEO from
the summer of 2000 forward, he led us through unprecedented change, growth and value creation. He is an outstanding leader, a remarkable person and an even better friend.
We all owe him sincere thanks for a job well done.
 3

Buying Back the Stock
In mid 2007, we repurchased 7.5 million shares of outstanding common stock under an accelerated share repurchase program, which created immediate value for our shareholders.
During the past three years, we have repurchased 22.5 million shares of outstanding stock, demonstrating
our belief that the shares have been undervalued. Our total return to shareholders – dividends and share price appreciation – was nearly 80 percent during the same period. Although ONEOK’s stock performance was affected by uncertainty in the financial markets this past year, our company’s operational and financial fundamentals are strong. And our growth outlook is excellent.
On a stand-alone basis, we closed 2007 with $606 million in cash and natural gas in storage – and $102.6 million in short-term debt. In February 2008, we retired a $402 million long-term note, bringing our stand-alone total debt down to 47 percent of capitalization.
ONEOK is an investment grade company – as is ONEOK Partners. Our financial strength allows us to be opportunistic; whether it’s increasing our equity in ONEOK Partners, increasing the dividend, buying back stock, making a strategic acquisition or paying down long-term debt.
Giving Credit Where It’s Due
It’s not unusual for annual report letters to praise employees for a job well done. Our employees certainly deserve it. They get the job done for ONEOK, while continually giving their free time to improve their communities in many different ways. We are fortunate to have this exceptional employee team.
We also are fortunate to have a talented and deeply experienced management team, many of whom assumed new roles in this year of management transition. They each brought years of proven experience at ONEOK and the industry to their new roles. Each of them turned in absolutely solid performances, while working together in a manner that formed a closely knit team. We can’t ask for more than that.
Adding Board Members
The board of directors elected two additional members last summer: Julie Edwards and Jim Mogg. Julie’s return brings both corporate finance and development experience; Jim provides years of vast and varied energy experience.
 4
Are We There Yet?

Edwards, 49, served on our board in 2004 and 2005, until she resigned to begin serving as Southern Union’s chief financial officer. She later led its corporate development efforts and left Southern Union in 2007.
Mogg, 58, is the retired chairman of the board of DCP Midstream Partners. He also has served as group vice president and chief development officer for Duke Energy; chairman of the board, president and chief executive officer of Duke Energy Field Services; and chairman of the board of TEPPCO. Both DCP Midstream Partners and TEPPCO are master limited partnerships.
Moving Forward
The strategy behind our vision, to build a diversified energy company that provides consistent growth and stable earnings, is clearly working. But, Are we there yet? No. We will keep looking farther down the road. By discipline and design, our exciting journey continues – at an increasingly rapid pace.
Along the way, we are preserving and nurturing our values and work ethic, which have successfully brought us to this point. We have said it before but it’s worth saying again: we are never interested in growth for growth’s sake. We are interested in assets that fit and work together, create long-term value for our customers and shareholders, mesh with our core capabilities, align with our values and provide win-win situations for our company, customers, employees and shareholders.
We appreciate your investment and trust in ONEOK.
David L. Kyle
Chairman
John W. Gibson
Chief Executive Officer
March 7, 2008
    5
