 STRENGTH THROUGH UNITY
The phrase on the cover of this annual report – Together, We Are ONEOK – sounds good. But what do the words mean? And do they really matter?
These questions can be answered, in part, by:
• Going back six years to see our vision of the future;
• Taking a look at what we’ve achieved since then;
• Previewing the level of performance and growth we expect to generate for you, our shareholders, in 2012 and beyond; and
• Describing the mutually beneficial relationship between ONEOK and our powerful growth engine, ONEOK Partners.
Prior to initial trading under the ONEOK Partners name in May 2006, we said that this new chapter in ONEOK’s century of energy experience would provide shareholders with “immediate and long-term value.” We explained that ONEOK Partners would be able to execute growth at a lower cost of capital because of the distinct tax structure of a master limited partnership. We also said that ONEOK’s stock would become “more clearly valued.”
This was only part of our expectations.
1
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
     
10-YEAR TOTAL RETURN*
33.3%
We focused our skills and talents within the midstream natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGL) energy value chain, stretching from the wellhead to key markets and end-users. The natural gas and
NGL assets and our team of people – including groups with a deep understanding of supply-and- demand dynamics on both ends of the pipeline – would enable us to deliver midstream solutions
that generated long-term value to our customers and investors. One business would build off another. And new growth would open the way for still more, again and again.
This, in a nutshell, was our future vision of how ONEOK would create value for its shareholders.
Since then – from 2005 to January 2012 – our annualized dividend to ONEOK shareholders has more than doubled to $2.44 per share from $1.12; the share price has more than tripled to more than $88.00 from $26.63; and our total asset base has increased to $13.7 billion from $10.0 billion.
I’m pleased to report that ONEOK’s 2011 performance was, overall, excellent.
And the future remains as bright as our past.
In January, a 9-percent increase in the quarterly dividend was announced. We expect to increase the dividend 50 percent by 2014 – when all of ONEOK Partners’ large NGL and natural gas gathering and processing projects are in service for a full year. The partnership’s current growth program, its second in five years, will total approximately $3 billion.
Incremental income from the partnership’s current slate of projects will be the driving force behind those anticipated increases. More than half of the partnership’s total $3 billion growth program will
be invested in and related to the Bakken Shale
play in the Williston Basin. There, its natural gas gathering and processing business’ well-established service reputation with producers has opened great opportunities, not only for itself but also for its
NGL business.
600% 500% 400% 300% 200% 100%
0%
250% 200% 150% 100%
50% 0%
142.7%
                                          601.3% 86.0%
5-YEAR TOTAL RETURN*
                                    20.0%
(1.2%)
3-YEAR TOTAL RETURN*
250% 200% 150% 100%
50% 0%
250% 200% 150% 100%
50% 0%
As of December 31, 2011
* Total return represents share-price appreciation and the reinvestment of dividends.
                                    236.4% 41.6%
48.6%
1-YEAR TOTAL RETURN*
61.1% 19.9% 2.1%
ONEOK, Inc. S&P 500 Utilities S&P 500 Index
                                        2

We also expect our natural gas distribution business to continue to improve operating income performance through steady rate-base growth, efficient capital allocation and operating efficiencies.
We remain on target with our cost-rebasing efforts at energy services, our natural gas marketing business, which has experienced an extremely challenging environment created by historically low natural gas prices and an absence of price volatility. It’s our smallest business, accounting for approximately 2 percent of ONEOK operating income in 2011.
We were financially strong when our relationship with ONEOK Partners first began. We are much stronger today. Our investment-grade credit ratings, proven track record, excellent free cash flow and – most important – our reputation for doing what we say
we will do keep the financial passageways open to capital-investment opportunities.
When we meet with shareholders and financial analysts, often we are asked about acquisition possibilities or what our next “big move” might
be. Ideally, we would like to find an acquisition opportunity like we did nearly seven years ago when we bought the NGL business in the Mid-Continent. We’ve grown that business into one of the largest NGL midstream operations in the entire country – and now ONEOK Partners’ largest income producer.
Such opportunities, however, are few and far between. And the returns on our internal-growth projects are much more attractive than the price tags we continue to see on acquisition prospects.
Our structure at ONEOK is working – providing us with increased cash and earnings from the growth at ONEOK Partners; it also gives us flexibility in terms of how we deploy that cash. We can make additional investments in the partnership (we own 43.4* percent), continue to increase our dividend and repurchase our own stock. Last August, we completed a $300 million repurchase of common shares as a part of a $750 million board-authorized program that concludes at year-end 2013.
When the partnership’s current internal-growth program concludes in 2014, capital investments in the partnership will total well over $5 billion since we became sole general partner in 2006. At this time, we’re surveying a “backlog” of more than
$1 billion in additional growth opportunities, which we expect will continue to grow – and be funded – as we secure supply commitments from producers, processors or customers.
The most powerful definition and meaning of Together, We Are ONEOK resides with the nearly 4,800 men and women who make ONEOK and ONEOK Partners work – every day. Because we provide the management and the employees for the partnership, they are us. Our disciplines, values and goals are one and the same.
A former ONEOK leader many years ago observed that we are “in a constant state of becoming.” This still remains true today as, together, we
strive toward Becoming ONE. ONE in
* As of March 2, 2012
   SUCCESSION PLANNING AT WORK
Several key promotions became effective on January 1 of this year. Terry K. Spencer began serving as president of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. He formerly was the chief operating officer of ONEOK Partners. Pierce H. Norton II began new duties as executive vice president and chief operating officer of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners. He formerly was chief operating officer of ONEOK. Robert F. Martinovich, formerly senior vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer of both companies, began serving as executive vice president, chief financial officer
and treasurer of ONEOK and ONEOK Partners.
 3
 
 Responsibility. ONE in Value. ONE in Industry. Our dedicated drive toward these goals will be a continual process, just as it is in our expanded environmental, safety and health efforts, where we are making good progress – and have more work to do.
Numerous and diverse employee- and leadership- development efforts are under way throughout
our organization. These efforts will sharpen our competitive edge, favorably impact our bottom line and deliver still-greater value to ONEOK shareholders. In January, three members of our senior management team were promoted to key positions as a part of our long-term succession-planning efforts to ensure
that ONEOK has the leadership skills, talent and experience required for the rapid pace forward in the years ahead. (See sidebar on page 3.)
I hope that you are as excited about ONEOK’s future as we are. We are grateful for, and mindful of, your continued trust and confidence in ONEOK.
John W. Gibson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2, 2012
        CLASSIFIED BOARD LEGISLATION
The Oklahoma legislature in 2012 amended the statute passed in 2010 that required all large, publicly traded companies that are incorporated in Oklahoma to have classified, or staggered, boards of directors. As a result, all ONEOK directors will be elected annually.
As you know, in 2008 our board recommended the elimination of our then existing classified board and the institution of the annual election of directors. This recommendation was approved overwhelmingly by our shareholders, and our certificate of incorporation was amended accordingly.
We are pleased that the legislature took this most recent action, as we continue to believe that your decision as a shareholder to have an annual election of all directors is consistent with best practices in corporate governance.
4
