to our ShareholderS
demonstrating our strength.
A year ago, we selected a single word to describe ONEOK’s ability to handle the challenges we faced as 2009 began and placed that word on the cover of our 2008 annual report: Strength.
A severe economic recession was well under way, capital markets were uncertain and shaky, and commodity prices were volatile.
Throughout 2009, we demonstrated our strength by exceeding expectations and accomplishing key objectives along the way, while looking forward.
Our ONEOK Partners segment turned in solid financial results in a challenging commodity-price environment by maintaining volumes in its natural gas gathering and processing business, increasing its natural gas liquids (NGL) gathered and fractionated volumes to record levels in its NGL business and increasing transportation margins in its natural gas pipelines business. The partnership also completed its more than $2 billion internal growth program, setting the stage for a second major growth phase, which begins this year.
Our natural gas distribution segment essentially closed the performance gap between actual and allowed returns as it again improved year-over-year earnings. Also, it received approval for a performance-based rates structure in Oklahoma and implemented new rates under that structure in late 2009.
Our energy services segment realigned its contracted storage and transportation capacity with the needs of its premium-services customers, primarily utilities – the core of this natural gas marketing business – and substantially improved its results.
The strength and resilience shown by these three segments reflect our balanced business portfolio and our success in delivering consistent growth and sustainable returns.
Solid operating performance
Total operating income was $894.6 million in 2009, compared with $917 million in 2008. However, when the effects of 2008’s high commodity prices and exceptionally wide natural gas liquids product-price differentials are taken into account, our performance improved significantly in 2009.
As the sole general partner and 42.8 percent (as of February 2010) owner of ONEOK Partners, we received $278 million in distributions – a 10.5 percent increase from a year earlier. This includes $184 million from our limited partner interest and $94 million from our general partner interest.
   1

dividend increaSeS
Our stand-alone free cash flow before changes in working capital, measured after dividends and capital expenditures, was $222.8 million, compared with $169.5 million a year earlier.
In July, we increased the quarterly dividend to 42 cents a share from 40 cents. In January 2010, we increased it again to 44 cents, or $1.76 on an annualized basis. Since 2006, we have increased the dividend by 57 percent.
Clearly, the cash flow and income growth at ONEOK Partners benefits ONEOK and our shareholders.
This latest dividend increase is consistent with our practice of maintaining a long-term dividend target payout of 60 to 70 percent of recurring earnings. It also reflects the increase in distributions from ONEOK Partners as it benefits from the recently completed growth program.
Because of our general partner status and large ownership position in the partnership, a 1-cent-a-quarter increase in distributions at ONEOK Partners results in an annualized cash flow increase of $5.8 million to ONEOK. Additional ONEOK Partners distribution growth will continue to provide cash flow growth at ONEOK. Since 2006, the partnership’s distributions have increased $1.20 on an annualized basis.
At year-end 2009, our share price reflected a 53 percent increase from that same time a year earlier.
partnerShip growS
All of ONEOK Partners’ businesses are benefiting from the recent completion of more than $2 billion of capital investments. Operating income from this growth is predominantly fee-based, which stabilizes the partnership’s earnings. For example, fee-based earnings in its NGL business increased by 6 percent and accounted for approximately three-fourths of that business’ income in 2009.
Since 2006, we have invested $1.7 billion in internal growth projects in the NGL business, plus $300 million for a major acquisition. These activities have greatly expanded the partnership’s NGL footprint, supply and flexibility – providing a full range of services and options for producers and customers.
Seeing the growing need for NGL infrastructure, we established the NGL business back in 2000, made a major Mid-Continent acquisition in 2005 and significantly expanded it in the last three years through the internal growth projects – with excellent results.
In 2009, the first phase of the partnership’s continuing growth program was completed and included:
The Arbuckle Pipeline, a 440-mile natural gas liquids pipeline originating in the Woodford Shale play of southern Oklahoma and traversing the Barnett Shale in northern Texas en route to the partnership’s NGL fractionation and storage facilities on the Texas Gulf Coast.
The Piceance and Denver-Julesberg (D-J) Lateral Pipelines, which deliver raw NGLs from prolific basins to the Overland Pass Pipeline.
The Guardian Pipeline Expansion and Extension, which delivers natural gas to two Wisconsin utilities. The Grasslands processing and fractionation expansion, serving ONEOK Partners’ natural gas gathering and processing operations in North Dakota’s Williston Basin. Robust production activity there – in the Bakken Shale – and in other basins offset production declines in Wyoming’s Powder River Basin.
    2

performance gap cloSeS
Our natural gas distribution segment provides sustainable earnings and excellent cash flow. It has improved its earnings consecutively for the past five years, primarily through innovative rate design and operating efficiencies. In 2009, it essentially closed the performance gap between actual and allowed returns. Since 2005, when
we consolidated the three natural gas distribution companies into one segment, operating income has nearly doubled.
Our legacy business, Oklahoma Natural Gas Company, received approval during 2009 for a new, performance- based rates structure. New rates under this structure went into effect last December and are expected to provide an additional $14 million in operating income in 2010.
The rates structure also reduces Oklahoma Natural Gas’ volumetric sensitivity by shifting more revenues to the fixed-fee portion of ratepayers’ monthly bills. This not only serves to stabilize earnings but also to better align our interests with our customers’ energy-conservation efforts.
The energy services segment turned in a strong performance in 2009 by continuing to focus on premium- services customers, which are primarily natural gas utilities.
looking forward
While our nation continues to struggle with the most severe recession in generations, commodity prices have improved and capital markets are open for business to investment-grade companies with long track records of excellent performance, such as ours.
In 2010, we’re looking forward.
Although new challenges certainly will present themselves – as they always do – we are excited and confident about our future. We continue to grow stronger. Our objective is unwavering – creating value for our customers and our investors through consistent growth and sustainable earnings.
Our growth vehicle, ONEOK Partners, is now entering its second major growth phase. The partnership has identified additional potential growth projects, which, depending on market needs and producer commitments, could result in average annual investments of approximately $300 million to $500 million between 2010 and 2015. Much of the partnership’s upcoming growth will tie to and complement its 2006-2009 project completions, but opportunities beyond our existing footprint also are being explored. And as the first phase did, additional growth at the partnership will continue to benefit ONEOK.
The natural gas distribution segment will continue to follow its innovative rate-design strategy involving smaller, more frequent filings that reduce earnings lag and protect margins. It also will focus on efficiency projects that lower operating and maintenance costs.
Energy services will continue to focus on providing premium services to its utility customers. Its ongoing realignment of its contracted storage and transportation capacity will reduce earnings volatility while also lowering its working capital requirements.
3

Saying thank you
Elsewhere in this report, we discuss some of the steps we are taking to make ONEOK the employer and neighbor of choice. As members of our experienced workforce age, it is critically important that we attract, develop and retain talent that shares our values and our commitment to creating value for all stakeholders.
Last summer, President and Chief Operating Officer James C. Kneale announced that he would retire in January 2010, closing an accomplished 29-year career at ONEOK. Like so many, he found opportunities here and a community of people who constantly strive to improve performance. His constancy of character, high integrity and strong work ethic are really what ONEOK is all about. Thanks, Jim, for your excellent contributions, day in and day out.
We’re fortunate to have talented leaders to carry on Jim’s legacy. Robert F. Martinovich assumed the chief operating role for ONEOK, and Terry K. Spencer assumed a similar role for ONEOK Partners.
During 2009, Gerald B. Smith, chairman and chief executive officer of a global investment management firm and a current ONEOK Partners board member, joined the ONEOK board. And Mollie B. Williford, whose deep experience in the energy industry and other areas was extremely valuable, retired after serving on the board for six years. Thank you, Mollie.
We also thank you, our investors, for your continued confidence and trust in ONEOK.
David L. Kyle John W. Gibson
Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2010
      4
