 Letter from the President
Dear Fellow Shareholders
Two thousand two marked the sixteenth consecutive year of increased year-over-year revenues and earnings for Omnicom Group. This record validates our strategy of seeking consistent returns from a diversified portfolio of businesses linked through our largest clients.
From a purely financial perspective, we have had better years. But, considering the context in which our businesses operated, I believe that 2002 was the best in Omnicom’s history. Uneven global economic conditions, geopolitical concerns and lack of consumer confidence continued to constrain industry expansion. The challenge of staying focused on our clients in this climate was exacerbated by misleading statements in the financial press – later proven to be incorrect – about Omnicom’s governance and financial reporting. We also listened to our stakeholders and expanded our reporting so Omnicom has greater transparency to the financial community.
Meeting all these challenges, Omnicom people pulled together in remarkable ways during 2002 to achieve financial results that dramatically outpaced our competitors. Moreover, our people achieved these results with no compromise in the quality that has made them the most acknowledged creative leaders in the global industry. I am proud to work with such accomplished professionals, and I am grateful for their commitment to the success of their clients and the profitability of their businesses.
Strong financial performance
Omnicom’s worldwide revenue increased 9 percent to $7.5 billion in 2002 from $6.9 billion in 2001. Domestic revenue rose 15 percent to $4.3 billion. International revenue represented $3.2 billion of the total, a 3 percent increase.
Traditional media advertising – about 44 percent of Omnicom’s total revenues in 2002 – showed consistent growth of 9 percent. Our customer relationship management (CRM) and specialty

 Letter from the President
communications businesses grew more strongly, with gains of 14.2 percent and 17.6 percent, respectively. Public relations businesses struggled to adjust to continuing slowness in the technology sector and new product launches; revenues from this discipline fell 6.2 percent for the year.
Net income increased to $643.5 million, up 10 percent from 2001. Diluted earnings per share in 2002 were $3.44 versus a comparable $3.13 in the prior year. We are watchful, but not concerned, that operating margins fell slightly to 14.7 percent in 2002 from
15.4 percent in 2001. Our businesses are doing a good job of bringing their cost structures into line with market conditions. Considering that we are living through the worst economic climate in the industry’s history, the relative performance of our businesses on all key financial measures is very gratifying.
Strategy drives market share gains
Omnicom has a balanced complement of industry-leading businesses that span more than 30 marketing disciplines,
100 countries and 5,000 clients. During 2002, we continued to pursue selective acquisitions of small- and medium-sized companies with strong, entrepreneurial management teams that share our commitment to employees, clients and shareholders. Our strategic focus in these acquisitions is to identify opportunities where we can forge stronger relationships with existing clients by meeting more of their needs. This strategy added approximately $360 million of revenues during 2002.
Our companies won $4.2 billion of net new business billings in 2002, only slightly lower than the $4.4 billion won in 2001. This two-year performance is all the more significant because of the generally lackluster global economies in which it was achieved.
The reasons for our companies’ success in winning new business are integral to our business strategy. First, we operate client-centric networks in which we are able to bring together all the resources needed to facilitate the strategic aims of our clients; we don’t insist that clients conform to our organizational structures. Second,

 Letter from the President
Omnicom has built substantial depth in each marketing discipline in every major market. That gives us tremendous flexibility to serve more clients with far fewer conflicts of interest. This is a freedom available to few, if any, of our competitors.
The market-share gains enabled by our client-centered approach to the business are demonstrated most dramatically in our relationships with our largest clients. While consolidated revenues advanced
9 percent in 2002, revenues from our largest 250 clients increased more than 20 percent. By expanding the breadth of our relationships with these clients, we do more than increase revenues: we build consistency into our margins and enhance the overall stability of Omnicom’s financial performance.
Nurturing and delivering quality
The Company’s performance is also underpinned by a cultural bias for excellence. Our agencies invest substantial resources in hiring and training the top talent in the industry. We require our people, particularly senior managers, to learn new skills that they can use to drive the best performance from their organizations. In fact, Omnicom University has become an industry standard for senior management training in professional service firms.
We believe there is a substantial payoff from this Company-wide focus on education and leadership development. Over the past eight years, we have reduced senior management turnover among Omnicom University graduates by approximately 50 percent. And a recent independent study of nearly 140 offices of Omnicom’s marketing services businesses clearly demonstrated that those with a strong corporate culture, solid leadership and high employee satisfaction are also the most profitable.
We have long understood the direct relationship between quality and profitability, and it was proven again in 2002. BBDO Worldwide, DDB Worldwide and TBWA Worldwide were ranked one, three and four, respectively, in the annual Gunn Report compilation of global advertising awards. Our agencies are

 Letter from the President
consistently recognized as the most creative in the world. And our marketing services companies maintained their hold on the top spots in world rankings of their specialties.
During 2002, we achieved our objective of bringing all the regions, countries and offices of OMD Worldwide into a unified operating entity – an impressive feat of logistics that took longer than we expected to fully implement. Nevertheless, OMD is now the premier provider of media planning and buying services in more than 40 countries. In recognition of the company’s emergence as a unified global force, Advertising Age named OMD as its first-ever “Global Media Agency of the Year.”
Good governance in practice
The high-profile bankruptcies and accounting irregularities at a few major corporations during the past 18 months have focused a great deal of attention on corporate governance practices in the United States, and rightly so. The Board of Directors of Omnicom Group has taken considerable care over the years to ensure that the Company and its shareholders have the full benefit of knowledgeable oversight of the Company and functional independence in its committees. Nevertheless, during 2002 the Board believed it appropriate to respond to evolving public and legislative standards of corporate governance.
At the annual shareholders meeting in May 2002, seven employee directors either did not stand for re-election or resigned their Board seats. They remain vital members of Omnicom’s senior management team as well as valued advisors in board-level deliberations. The Board is now comprised of eleven members, nine of whom are independent directors.
In addition, the Board revamped its committee structure. The Audit and Compensation committees remain standing committees. The role of the former Nominating Committee was expanded to include oversight of governance issues, and it was renamed the Governance Committee. A new Finance committee was formed to oversee larger acquisitions, divestitures and financings. Each of these committees

 Letter from the President
has adopted charters that detail their functions and responsibilities. Importantly, the Audit, Compensation and Governance committees have only independent directors. The Finance Committee has a majority of independent directors.
The Board is also recommending to shareholders that they approve the de-classification of the terms directors serve on the Omnicom board. This unprecedented step in proactive governance will
give shareholders the opportunity to elect each director on an annual basis.
The Board takes considerable pride in the care it has demonstrated in championing the interests of shareholders and the business ethics of Omnicom over the years. We believe this new structure will enable the Board to both simplify and deepen its oversight roles in this new era of corporate governance.
Building on a successful strategy
From my perspective, Omnicom entered 2003 better positioned than it was a year ago. We have the strongest roster of creative agencies in the world and are providing the highest quality of marketing services for some of the world’s most admired brands. We continue to maintain a close watch on our agency cost structures and adjust them as required. Even with these adjustments, our networks are continuing to make new investments in the creative talent and management skills that enhance their quality and long-term profitability.
We expect to need all of these competitive advantages to continue to build Omnicom’s market share. Consistent growth remains a challenge for much of the global economy, most notably in Europe. While we have seen some pick-up in demand in traditional media advertising, new projects and product introductions by clients are generally low. As a result, our businesses intend to work aggressively during 2003 to build on our record of new business awards and to minimize competitive losses.

 Letter from the President
We remain very confident of Omnicom’s ability to gain advantage from the key long-term trends that are affecting our industry. The scope of client brand strategies continues to evolve from national to international. At the same time, clients are seeking more effectiveness from their marketing budgets by requiring not only greater coordination of traditional advertising and marketing activities but also consolidation of these activities with a smaller number of agencies. These trends play into the competitive strength of Omnicom’s client-centered networks: our agencies have the flexibility and depth to meet virtually any client’s needs in whatever national, regional or global context they wish to communicate.
Simply put, we believe Omnicom’s businesses will continue to build their market share in any operating environment that may present itself. We remain committed to a strategy that seeks consistency through a balanced, diversified portfolio of businesses, and which has proven its effectiveness in delivering stable, growing returns to our shareholders for more than 16 years.
Sincerely,
John D. Wren
President & Chief Executive Officer
April 2003
 