 Letter from the President
 Dear Fellow Shareholders
If one theme characterized Omnicom’s performance during 2005, it was momentum. Our agency brands rode a wave of energy that propelled us to record financial results, record new business wins and record awards for creative excellence. Less tangible but equally satisfying was the deepening collaboration across our agencies and disciplines that enabled us to be even more effective in serving our clients around the world.
The momentum we experienced throughout 2005 has its roots in the substantial investments Omnicom and our agency brands continue to make to strengthen our creative
product and broaden our strategic
platforms, marketing disciplines and geographic reach. As we’ve said many times, these investments have a common strategic rationale: we want to meet more of the needs of our largest clients, wherever and however they do business.
In doing so, our approach is to align and integrate the strategic and creative resources we need, in and across our agency networks, in order to serve the best interests of individual clients.
As important as collaboration
between agency networks is to
Omnicom’s continuing success,
creative excellence is still the
foundation of our business. In all
our companies, investment in
attracting and retaining superior creative talent is an ongoing imperative, which has generated outstanding returns. In the 2005 Gunn Report on the performance of agency networks in the world’s top creative awards, TBWA Worldwide, BBDO Worldwide and DDB
2005 Financial Highlights
Diluted earnings per share rose 12 percent to $4.36.
Net income increased 9 percent to $791 million.
Worldwide revenue rose 8 percent to $10.5 billion.
Advertising revenues advanced
9 percent, CRM 7 percent, Public Relations 2 percent and Specialty Communications 9 percent.
Operating income grew 10 percent to $1.3 billion; operating margins rose to 12.8 percent.
Cash flow from operations was $991 million.

 Letter from the President
Worldwide took first, second and third place, respectively, for the second consecutive year. OMD Worldwide had a terrific year, garnering the Gunn Report’s Most Creative Media Agency and Adweek’s Global Media Agency of the Year awards. And Fleishman- Hillard, one of our global public relations networks, was named 2005 International Agency of the Year.
It is important to reiterate that we have invested substantially to achieve balance and diversity across Omnicom’s networks. Our mix of top agencies in each marketing discipline across all major markets has brought us to new heights of competitive success in new business. In 2005, our agencies demonstrated just how valuable collaboration and integration between agencies can be in delivering and winning client business as Omnicom posted both record revenues and record new business wins during the year. Moreover, the willingness of our agencies and networks to work together, and the quality of our creative product across networks, were instrumental in our ability to retain within the Omnicom family several accounts that may otherwise have been lost. We certainly view this as confirmation of our investment in creative excellence. But it also readily demonstrates the ability of our broad mix of assets to add stability to the company’s financial performance.
Integration now driving the business
Our commitment to fully integrated agency networks is also contributing to the revenue line. Omnicom was, for example, an early investor in interactive media. Our strategy from the beginning was not simply to have stand-alone Internet companies that focused only on that medium. Our goal was to learn client needs for our developing assets and ultimately embed them into Omnicom’s agency networks. We completed the assimilation of our major interactive businesses during 2005 when Organic joined BBDO Worldwide and Agency.com took a seat at the table with TBWA Worldwide. Tribal, an integral part of DDB, continued to demonstrate the depth and breadth of its creative quality, winning Adweek’s Global Interactive Agency of the Year for 2005.
Our interactive businesses, like our media businesses, are now essential components of nearly every new business pitch or client

 Letter from the President
assignment. And for a very good reason: the fragmentation of communication channels requires that our agencies be more innovative and proactive in allocating client spending. Over the past year, we’ve achieved a new level of integration prompted by an urgency to look beyond the conventional to whatever media our clients need to drive deeper relationships with their customers. Traditional media campaigns, while still at the center of most communication programs, have increasingly become only one part of an integrated marketing effort that focuses more on the “big idea” for content and engagement than it does on specific media. Consumers now have to be reached on cell phones, the Internet and other digital channels, as well as through traditional media, with messaging that captures their attention and engages their interest. Given the challenges and opportunities inherent in each medium, providing an effective, consistent message across media and markets demands the skills of a truly multidisciplinary team. That is what Omnicom’s virtual networks are ideally designed to create, and which they did so effectively during 2005.
Serving clients better
A central tenet of Omnicom’s competitive strategy is to continually broaden our business with our largest clients through a balanced mix of top agencies operating in all marketing disciplines and all key markets.
We took important actions during 2005 in the ongoing roll-out of this strategy for Omnicom’s media assets. We created a global management structure for Omnicom Media Group to provide strategic oversight for both our major brands and specialized assets. We subsequently began a major global expansion of our PHD media brand. PHD has long been a leading and often pioneering agency in the United Kingdom and North America, and along with OMD, this evolution is intended to provide our multinational clients with a choice of innovative media brands in all key markets. PHD will operate globally, with separate offices and dedicated client service teams across Asia-Pacific, continental Europe, the Middle East and Africa, in addition to its existing offices in North America and the UK. Both PHD and OMD will continue to operate independently, providing proprietary research,

 Letter from the President
planning and buying capabilities. Omnicom Media Group will focus on providing OMD and PHD clients with the benefits of the full media resources needed to harness the buying scale of Omnicom for media negotiations.
We have added significantly to Omnicom’s management capabilities in the Asia-Pacific region. The appointment of Michael Birkin as
Chief Executive of Omnicom Asia-Pacific and Vice-Chairman of Omnicom Group will ensure that we are developing and aligning
our resources to best serve our clients’ rapidly changing needs in advertising and marketing services in that part of the world. While each of our agency networks has a specific strategy for growth in
the Asia-Pacific region, we believe an Omnicom perspective in the area will be very useful in coordinating strategies and investments with our networks. The potential for serving more of the needs of
our multinational clients aligns perfectly with our competitive strategy.
That said, we intend to grow prudently as we find new assets that fit our strategic and quality requirements, so that our networks can expand their offering to clients. In March 2006, we took another step in our strategic expansion in China with the purchase of a majority ownership interest in Unisono Fieldmarketing International. The company, which provides cost-effective channel solutions in
25 major cities, will add substantial scale and reach for Omnicom clients wishing to penetrate China’s rapidly growing consumer goods and services markets.
The passing of a leader and a friend
On a very sad note, our colleague Ken Kaess passed away in late March 2006 after a brave battle with cancer. Ken was the driving force behind the success of DDB Worldwide over the past five years, and we will miss him in that role. But we feel an equal
loss of his friendship and enthusiastic spirit. Bob Scarpelli, DDB’s Chief Creative Officer, has assumed the additional post of
Chairman of DDB Worldwide. And Chuck Brymer, Interbrand Group Chairman and Chief Executive, now becomes DDB Worldwide’s new President and CEO. They inherit from Ken one of the world’s great agency networks, and we’re confident that they will continue

 Letter from the President
the dynamic leadership that was such a prominent feature of his tenure at DDB.
The view ahead
We entered 2005 with a clear focus on profitable growth and finished the year with record revenues, record new business wins and continued improvement in the Company’s operating results. Building on that record will depend on a superb creative product delivered in innovative and collaborative ways. That is exactly what Omnicom people did so well in 2005, and which I have every confidence they will continue to do superbly in the future.
As we approach Omnicom’s 20th anniversary, our strategic priority remains the deepening of our relationships with our largest clients. We expect acquisition activity to pick up during 2006 as we seek new skills or geographic reach that can serve more of our clients’ needs more effectively. Asia will figure more prominently in our investment strategy, and we anticipate that our media and interactive strategies will not only evolve but also integrate more comprehensively into everything our agencies do.
While we expect growth from existing clients, new business and acquisitions in the coming year, we will continue to depend on the engines of Omnicom’s growth: client-centered networks, exceptional creative talent, balance and diversity across disciplines and global capability in all major markets, all of which have been the perennial drivers of revenue. We expect that momentum to continue throughout 2006 as we seek new ways to use these capabilities to serve our clients more effectively.
Sincerely,
John D. Wren
President & Chief Executive Officer
April 2006
 