Letter from the President
Dear Fellow Shareholders
As 2008 unfolded, we experienced the value of the business model that has seen Omnicom through good times and bad. Our strategy of building a leading portfolio of global advertising and marketing brands, diversified by discipline and geography, enabled us to post new records for revenues, net income and earnings per share. Those results were underpinned by an exceptional body of creative work by our agencies that garnered a major share of the world’s most prestigious awards for creative excellence.
Yet it is clear to us that the
business model which has been
the foundation of Omnicom’s
success is being tested by new
economic realities and
fundamental industry changes.
After three relatively strong
quarters, the final three months of
2008 were the most challenging
we have experienced since the
recession of the early 1990s. The
near-simultaneous contraction of
global economies, rising
unemployment and declining
consumer and business confidence
led to decreased spending by
clients, especially on year-end
project work. As clients adjusted
their budgets to the downturn, our
revenues declined across all
disciplines in the fourth quarter.
The financial impact of lower
revenues was intensified late in the year by the dramatic weakening of all major currencies against the U.S. dollar. Should exchange rates remain at approximately the same levels as those at the end of the first quarter of 2009, we expect that Omnicom’s full-year consolidated revenues will decline from the record levels of 2008.
Our agency management teams did a great job of helping us manage through these initial challenges. They maintained the creative excellence for which they are renowned while amassing a substantial record of new business wins. They continued to play
2008 Financial Highlights
Diluted earnings per share rose 7.5% to $3.17.
Net income increased 2.5% to $1,000.3 million.
Worldwide revenue rose 5.2% to $13.4 billion.
Advertising revenues advanced 5% and CRM 9.5%. Public Relations revenue declined 0.4% while Specialty Communications fell 3%.
Operating income grew 1.8% to $1.7 billion. Operating margins were 12.6%.
Cash flow from operations was $1.4 billion.

Letter from the President
critical roles in advising clients on how to navigate the emerging economic downturn as well as the rapidly changing media landscape. And, as it became
clearer that the global economy
was quickly sliding into recession, they made difficult decisions to selectively reduce staff levels and incentive compensation pools to better align costs with expected revenues. Maintaining this creative excellence, client service and business focus will be essential to achieving our targets for profitability during this downturn.
BBDO Worldwide was named the “Most Awarded Agency Network in the World” in the 2008 Gunn Report — the third consecutive year BBDO has been ranked No.1.
OMD Worldwide was honored as the most-awarded media agency in the world, for the fourth consecutive year, by the Gunn Report for Media. Adweek named OMD as its Global Media Agency of the Year for 2008.
This is a challenging mandate in
the current business environment,
but it is a task to which we bring
substantial expertise. Omnicom is
a learning organization — one that Advertising Age and Adweek disseminates the most important
lessons from our successes and
shortcomings. We have invested
continually since 1995 in
formalizing our collective business
knowledge through a variety of
advanced education programs,
including what we learned in
successfully navigating past
recessions. Over the past 13 years,
thousands of our senior managers
have attended Omnicom
University’s Senior Management
Program (SMP), Postgraduate SMP
Program or the Advanced
Management Program in the
United States, Europe or Asia.
During 2008, a key topic of study
was managing through an
economic downturn, a theme that certainly will receive even more attention in 2009.
2008 Creative Highlights
both named TBWA Worldwide as their 2008 Global Network of the Year.
BBDO Worldwide and DDB Worldwide captured the No. 1 and No. 2 spots, respectively, in The Big Won as the most- awarded agency networks across every media discipline.
Omnicom agencies swept the prestigious Cannes International Advertising Festival in 2008, winning the three top spots for Agency of the Year as well as first and second place for Network of the Year.

Letter from the President
Omnicom Finance also holds Financial Leadership Conferences in the U.S., Europe and Asia that disseminate our accumulated expertise on key business management issues such as accounting, taxation, real estate, financial systems and business planning. Putting the power of this intellectual capital to work across our 1,500 agencies remains a high priority for us for the most compelling reason — it circulates specific business expertise across our
agencies that can return real value in any economic environment.
Creating value by doing the right thing
The socially responsible policies and practices that we support also create meaningful value for Omnicom. As we’ve said before, investments in broadening the cultural diversity of our agencies, reducing our environmental impact and participating in worthy social causes are smart business, and we intend to continue our support of these practices in whatever business environment we confront.
Diversity In 2007, we established the Omnicom Diversity Development Advisory Committee (DDAC), giving it the broad mandate to advance the cultural diversity of the advertising industry. The DDAC held numerous meetings during 2008 intended to orient its eight members to Omnicom, to existing diversity efforts at our agencies and to best practices of other major organizations that are recognized for their leadership on this important issue. In early 2009, Omnicom hired its first Chief Diversity Officer, Tiffany R. Warren, to manage our policies and practices. Ms. Warren has extensive experience in the advertising industry as an executive in charge of multicultural programs and community outreach.
Environment We realize that, as a global enterprise, Omnicom and its agencies have an impact on the environment, and we have a responsibility to be as efficient as possible in our use of resources of all kinds. Of all the ways that we can reduce our collective environment impact none is more important than implementing ongoing improvements in how we manage energy usage across our agencies. During 2008, in just one of many examples, we initiated a strategy to reduce energy consumption across our properties. Carbon footprint data will continue to be collected and analyzed to determine where we can further reduce our energy usage without compromising services to our clients.

Letter from the President
Philanthropy Each year, Omnicom agencies volunteer thousands of hours of communications support and direct involvement for worthy social causes. While there are hundreds of examples of giving back to our communities, three were especially notable last year. When parts of Sichuan Province in western China were devasted by earthquakes, the Omnicom family of companies responded quickly to help with relief efforts. Our employees provided substantial financial donations and worked with clients to provide medicine, water and other supplies and services. In Prague, Czech Republic, 140 volunteers attending our European Financial Leadership Conference participated in a much-needed refurbishment of the state-run Detske Centrum Orphanage. Additionally, our volunteers organized a very successful auction that enabled us to raise funds for an extensive “wish list” of items needed by the orphanage. And more than 200 attendees at the 2008 Omnicom Group Americas Financial Leadership Conference volunteered to help out in the 19th-annual Serve-a-thon event in South Boston. Our people focused their energies on helping to restore Gavin Middle School and the Old Colony Housing Projects’ Teen Center, also providing the center with equipment for its new computer lab.
Meeting the challenges ahead
A core component of Omnicom’s business model is broad diversification of clients, services and geographies. With no single client representing more than 2.8 percent of 2008 revenues, and a growing share of our business coming from emerging markets, we have some insulation against the severity of the global economic contraction. Until a broadly based recovery is clearly established, we will continue to work with our agencies to help them align their cost structures with sustainable revenues. And while we must run our businesses with a sharp focus on efficiency, our lifeblood is helping clients deliver their messages as creatively and economically as possible. Those skills will be tested during 2009. Our creative mandate remains the same — to invent engaging conversations between brands and consumers that capture and hold their attention. But our economic mandate to do more with less demands that we challenge the status quo.
Across all disciplines, the ongoing integration — and interactivity — of traditional and digital media to achieve memorable communications with measurable results requires our agencies to collaborate in new and efficient ways. In that regard, Omnicom has

Letter from the President
some fundamental competitive advantages: a leading portfolio of global advertising and marketing brands that are the best in the business, unmatched creativity in delivering value to our clients, and a proven ability to bring resources together across disciplines and geographies to collaborate on any marketing or communications strategies our clients may have. These capabilities have delivered excellent returns to shareholders in the past, and we are confident they will continue to do so when economic growth resumes.
In the meantime, we will remain very disciplined in aligning costs and maintaining cash. The balance-sheet strength we have carefully cultivated will help us deal proactively with changes brought about by media fragmentation and emerging consumer habits of interacting with those media. It is very likely that the recession will provide opportunities to acquire agencies at reasonable prices that will enable us to fill out the capabilities we can offer to clients in select disciplines or markets. As always, we will be disciplined in any acquisition — with fit, price and culture being our primary criteria — to ensure that financial flexibility continues to be a defining quality of Omnicom.
While there is little certainty at this writing about the depth and duration of the current recession, one thing is certain in our minds: Our highest priority is helping clients grow their business. To that end, Omnicom offers an unparalleled suite of capabilities, a proven ability to provide innovative, cost-effective solutions wherever we operate and a global team of management, creative and account professionals that is simply the best our industry has to offer. That is a value proposition which we believe is very compelling in any environment, not only for clients but for shareholders as well.
Sincerely,
John D. Wren
President & Chief Executive Officer
April 2009
 