Letter from the President

Dear Fellow Shareholders

 
I am very pleased to report that Omnicom generated strong operating results throughout 2011. Many factors underlie our performance, but the most notable was the exceptional job done by our agencies in the face of uncertain economic growth. From new business development to margin improvement and dominance in industry creative
awards, our networks and brands did an outstanding job for our clients and met every challenge we set for them.
Financial overview. Driven by robust growth across all disciplines and geographies, Omnicom's worldwide revenue increased 10.6% in 2011 to
$13.9 billion. A combination of strong new business wins, the continued rebound in spending by clients and another year of double-digit growth in developing markets contributed to our excellent performance. More importantly, it was a result made possible only by the ability of our networks and agencies to deliver an outstanding package of
value, creativity and innovation in communicating their clients' marketing messages.
Operating income improved 14% in 2011 to $1.67 billion. A 15% increase in net income, combined with a 6.7% decrease in shares outstanding, resulted in diluted earnings per common share of $3.33, an increase of more than 23%. We also made good progress on our stated goal of improving margins. Operating margins rose 40 basis points for the full year thanks to our agencies' continued focus on efficiency and the disposition of under- performing or non-core businesses.
Efficiency and growth will remain key
 
themes throughout Omnicom and we are confident that we will meet our objective of restoring full-year 2012 margins to the levels that we achieved in 2007.

2011 Financial Highlights
Omnicom's 2011 worldwide revenue increased 10.6% to $13.9 billion.
In 2011, Omnicom returned over $1 billion to shareholders in the form of share buybacks and dividend payments.
In February 2012, the Board of Directors approved a 20% increase in the quarterly dividend - doubling the dividend per share since 2009.

 

In 2011, Omnicom was able to deliver strong returns for shareholders. We generated more than $1 billion in free cash flow and returned over $1 billion to shareholders in the form of share buybacks and dividend payments. In February 2012, the Board approved a 20% increase in our quarterly dividend; since 2009 the Company has doubled its dividend per share while maintaining a strong balance sheet. Over the past decade our revenue and income doubled and we distributed over 95% of these earnings to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. These distributions are fundamental to our commitment to make shareholders the major beneficiaries of Omnicom's consistently strong cash flow.
 
Growing globally. Omnicom's financial strength gives us the flexibility to build value for shareholders and clients through strategic acquisitions and investments in new technologies and start-up businesses. Our goal since the creation of Omnicom has been to build our brands and businesses to serve our major clients everywhere they operate. Meeting our clients' needs by service offering and geographic location is the first test for all of our acquisitions, followed by cultural fit and price. This discipline enables us to grow into new markets with the cultural integrity, creative excellence and cost structure that have proven effective for us and the clients we serve.
Omnicom's expansion in Asia is a great example of our approach in action. Today, our business throughout Asia is growing strongly and profitably. Our agencies' focus on creative quality and business excellence across all marketing disciplines and regional geographies led not only to a dominant share of the region's creative awards again in 2011, but also to Omnicom's selection as Holding Company of the Year by Campaign Asia Pacific. It was the second consecutive year we were honored with the award.
 
As we continue to expand globally, we will emphasize the emerging markets in our strategies for long-term growth. By continuing to extend our networks in the BRIC markets and further developing our businesses in other rapidly growing economies in Asia, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, we will broaden and deepen our foundation for growth.
During 2011, we completed the acquisition of the Clemenger Group in Australia and New Zealand, which represents the next step  in  an outstanding three-decade partnership with BBDO Worldwide. In India, we acquired a majority stake in Mudra Group, a valued DDB Worldwide partner since 1993. Mudra is India's leading integrated marketing communications firm, with exceptional creative skills across a broad range of disciplines. We also added new agencies in China, Colombia, South Africa, Turkey and Vietnam during the year. These acquisitions are important steps in realizing our goal of extending and deepening our capabilities in rapidly growing markets. Importantly, they further diversify Omnicom's business mix, which has been a key factor in our ability to deliver stable operating results, even in volatile economic environments.
Our integrated digital strategy. During 2011, we accelerated our investments in digital, social, mobile and data analytics capabilities across our networks. This is a multi-pronged strategy built around the core idea that all of our agencies must have strong digital capabilities to compete in the future.
 
2011 was the year in which the historical distinction between "traditional" and "digital" media disappeared with respect to the services we provide our clients.
Everything our agencies do, in every discipline, now has a digital component. To us, that means digital is a tool for communication, not a business in isolation. In a world where everything is connected and always on, and where technologies emerge and disappear in an ever-shorter cycle, Omnicom's competitive position is built on the ability to adapt quickly to change. Our goal is to have the best talent, the right capabilities and a range of strategic partnerships to ensure  that  we can identify the right solutions for our clients, implement them effectively and limit the need to protect outdated technologies and services.
To achieve this we will continue to invest in developing and retaining expert talent who can help us identify the most important consumer trends and the best digital solutions for our clients.
We will also continue to leverage and expand our many partnerships with media, technology, data and research companies such as Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Yahoo!. This "open-source" approach to technology will allow us to take advantage of the continued shift to more interconnected activities by consumers and businesses as they extend further into social, mobile and other platforms.
Our work together will help ensure that we maintain access to the latest innovations, information and analytics globally, as well as in local markets.
 
We believe our partnership approach - as opposed to making bets on specific digital platforms - allows us to continuously adapt our services to new technologies.
This enables our agencies to integrate the most effective digital strategies within their clients' overall marketing plans.
What's most important. Our investments are entirely about creating a stronger, broader foundation of strategic and creative excellence, enabling us to do more work more effectively for clients while deepening  our  agencies' reputations for quality. From either perspective, the common denominator is our people. Our intent is always to  employ the smartest people and to build the most creative teams in every marketing discipline and geographic location, and ensure they have the tools, training and leadership they  need  to serve clients effectively. This has led to an Omnicom-wide culture of creativity and innovation that attracts and retains the  best people and the most sophisticated clients who demand the highest quality.
Meeting our clients' demands gives us the
opportunity to produce outstanding work that consistently dominates industry awards, attracting even more talented people to our agencies and to Omnicom itself.
 

 
2011 Creative Highlights
BBDO Worldwide was named the Most Awarded Agency Network in the World in the 2011 Gunn Report - the sixth consecutive year BBDO has been ranked No. 1. DDB Worldwide was No. 2 for the third consecutive year.
BBDO Worldwide was named 2011 Global Agency of the Year by both Adweek and Campaign magazines, and for the fifth year in a row topped The Directory Big Won ranking.
BBDO Worldwide was the No. 1 ranked network at the Cannes International Festival of Creativity for the fifth year in a row. BBDO took home three Grand Prix and the inaugural Creative Effectiveness Award.
OMD Worldwide was named Global Media Agency of the Year by Adweek and Media Agency of the Year by Advertising Age.
TBWA/Hakuhodo was named 2011 International Agency of the Year by Advertising Age, while Latinworks was
the publication's Multicultural Agency of the Year.
Ketchum was awarded the PR Agency and International Consultancy of the Year honors by PRWeek.

 
 
2011 was another banner year for Omnicom's networks and agencies in creative leadership. The awards listed are only a few of the major global awards for creativity our agencies and networks received during the year. There are  dozens more regional and individual awards, including recognition for innovation in Omnicom's treasury and finance operations. These are meaningful acknowledgements. Yet there would be no awards at all were it not for the strong cultural attributes  that  underpin  the work behind them - the deep motivation to find opportunities to add value for clients; the creative strength to deliver effective, compelling messages; the expertise to innovate with new technologies; and the willingness of our people to integrate and collaborate in "virtual agencies" across disciplines and geographies to win business or deliver solutions to our clients. These are the qualities that make our agencies great places to work.
Staying great. Great ideas created by great people are the lifeblood of our business.
Ensuring our global culture is skilled, efficient and innovative is a perennial strategic priority for Omnicom. While our agencies and networks do an excellent job of training and development within the context of their disciplines, we have always believed that Omnicom has a key responsibility to disseminate the collective knowledge and best practices that our agencies and networks have gained in professional services management.
 
Omnicom University is our in-house global development forum and it is the core of our commitment to attract, motivate and retain future leaders. Now in its seventeenth year of operation, Omnicom University offers executive education programs such as the Senior Management Program and Advanced Management Program in North America, Europe and Asia. Additionally, we conduct Financial Leadership Conferences in the Americas, Europe and Asia to spread our collective financial management and operating expertise on a wide range of key business management issues.
During 2011, we increased the number of leadership development courses included in our Advanced Management Program and we extended the program to a greater number of our people. We also began the rollout of sophisticated distance learning tools that will ensure the Omnicom networks have a digitally capable workforce with full awareness of the new technologies available in their regions, as well as a deeper understanding of how they can be used to develop innovative ideas for clients
or help run their businesses more efficiently.
 
Our social commitments. Like our commitment to outstanding  talent  and great ideas, the socially  responsible policies and practices that we actively support create meaningful value for Omnicom. Investments in broadening the cultural diversity  of  our  agencies, reducing our environmental impact, and participating in meaningful social causes are not just responsible  business  -  they are smart business. Below  are  a  few  of the highlights of 2011:

•	Diversity. While the pace of change never seems fast enough, our workforce is increasingly a reflection of the diversity of our global community. We continue to cultivate and attract students from diverse backgrounds through programs such as the Omnicom Medgar Evers Associate Program. We are also sharing best practices for hiring and developing minority talent and increasing access for suppliers at our agencies through the Omnicom Diverse Suppliers Database.

•	Environment. We're making excellent progress on our goal to reduce electricity use by more than 10% by 2013, using 2008 consumption as a baseline. Omnicom's 2010 global usage
- the latest data available - was more than 13% lower than the prior year. What's more, 9% of our total electricity consumption in 2011 was generated by renewable sources, an amount that has tripled in the last three years. From office equipment to lighting to green technologies, our agencies are exploring every opportunity to reduce their environmental impact. One measure of the progress we're making can be found in Newsweek's Green Rankings of the top 500 U.S. companies. We placed 54th in the 2011 survey compared to a rank of 472 just two years ago.
 
•	Community. Omnicom and our family of agencies have a deep tradition of giving back to the communities where we work and live. We support a broad spectrum of worthy community causes with pra bana marketing work, financial contributions, disaster relief and countless volunteer hours lending a helping hand. One example of this community spirit in action takes place each year in conjunction with Omnicom Cares, our community service initiative, and our Financial Leadership Conferences. During 2011 service days, Omnicom employees refurbished the Carver Ranches Boys and Girls Club facility in Miami and painted, landscaped and installed computers at a therapeutic facility for severely disabled children in Barcelona. A soccer tournament among Omnicom agencies in Shanghai raised much-needed funds for the work of Braille Without Borders in Nepal. These are just a few examples of the work done by Omnicom agencies around the world.

Focus on growth. As a global corporation, we see distinct growth opportunities and challenges across different regions of the world. Additionally, new mediums and technologies are changing the way our clients engage with consumers requiring us to continuously innovate and develop our capabilities and talent. Our ability to execute on our core priorities - maintaining a culture of learning and creative excellence, expanding our presence in markets with the potential to be the next biggest economies, and investing in our digital capabilities across our networks and brands - will position us to excel in this environment. Overall, we are well prepared to face the challenges to the global economy and our industry and are even more excited about the opportunities we see to drive our growth.
 
Collectively, we have an exceptionally strong service platform that is very well diversified by geography and discipline. We will continue to add breadth to our services and brands and to adopt technologies that can drive efficiencies and effectiveness for our clients and ourselves, all of which will enhance our offering to our present roster of clients and aid our efforts to collaborate to win new business and compete in the marketplace.

I am confident our exceptional performance and track record of growth will continue. In 2011, our agencies proved that through perseverance and innovation they can drive substantial expansion in their businesses. I expect growth to continue in 2012 and beyond as we leverage the tremendous talent, creative excellence and business acumen of our teams around the world. Given the hard work already done to achieve a more efficient organization, we expect that our focus on growth will lead to meaningful gains for all Omnicom stakeholders.


Sincerely,

John D. Wren
President & Chief Executive Officer April 2012
