LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
We are pleased to report that 1998 marked the 12th consecutive year that Omnicom reported record results, and the fourth quarter of 1998 was the 30th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in revenue and earnings.
Total revenues from commissions and fees increased 31 percent to $4.1 billion in 1998, from $3.1 billion the previous year. Most notable is the revenue balance that Omnicom now produces — nearly evenly split between traditional advertising and marketing services, and between the United States and the rest of the world. This balance and diversification provides both areas of new business opportunity and a buffer against downturns in individual industries or economic regions.
Net income reached $285 million, an increase of 28 percent from 1997, and diluted earnings per share rose 23 percent to $1.68 per share from $1.37 per share.
Our operating margins increased to 13.7 percent from 12.9 percent in 1997, reflecting a continuing focus on costs. Our vendor and real-estate management processes, for example, allow all Omnicom agencies, no matter how small, to benefit from our economies of scale.
Reflecting this strong performance, our Board of Directors increased the quarterly cash dividend on our common stock by 20 percent to $.15 a share.
During 1998, each one of our agency brands continued to strengthen its market leadership position, while we completed acquisitions that added new complementary capabilities.
We have achieved these results by assembling the world’s most notable advertising, marketing and communication brands and developing an entrepreneurial culture. This allows our people to provide global clients with all aspects of strategic counseling and creative excellence in every world region. Evidence of this success includes:
• $2.4 billion in net new business billings in 1998, eclipsing our previous record of $1.8 billion set in 1997 and marking the sixth year in a row that net new business wins exceeded $1 billion.
• Industry recognition for creative excellence. In 1998, the three Omnicom global agency networks (BBDO Worldwide, DDB Needham Worldwide and TBWA Worldwide) again dominated the International Advertising Festival
at Cannes — the most prestigious creative award show in the industry — picking up 94 Lions awards, 55 more than the next-closest competitor. Goodby Silverstein captured the Grand Prix at Cannes and Agency of the Year honors at the Clios.
Market Recognition
We are gratified that, once again, the business and financial news media has also recognized our performance. On February 25, 1999, The Wall Street Journal’s Shareholder Scoreboard (a ranking of 1,000 major U.S. public companies) named Omnicom the No. 1 advertising company with a five-year average return of 40.5 percent and a one-year average return of 38.3 percent. We captured the 30th spot in BusinessWeek’s annual ranking of the best performing companies in the S&P 500. And a Financial Times survey named Omnicom the world’s most respected company in the “media/leisure” category.
Change and Evolution
We achieved this record performance against a backdrop of economic and industry change. Client consolidation has created global brands that, accordingly, require global agency networks capable of providing an array of corporate communications services. The continuing fragmentation of media means more choices for consumers, more ways for advertisers to reach their target markets and more opportunities for companies with a full complement of communications services. The digital economy is creating new economic models of commerce that bear both enormous opportunities and challenges for clients.
In anticipation of those trends, we have strengthened, restructured and added to our portfolio of agencies. In BBDO Worldwide, DDB Needham Worldwide and TBWA Worldwide, we now own three of the top 10 global advertising networks. In addition, we own four outstanding national advertising agencies: Goodby, Silverstein and Partners in San Francisco; GSD&M in Austin; Martin/Williams in Minneapolis; and Merkley Newman Harty in New York.
All other agency and marketing services brands are housed within Diversified Agency Services, (DAS). Through both internal development and acquisitions in DAS, we have assembled a group of communication and marketing service companies that are leaders in specialty advertising, direct response/consultancy, public relations and sales promotion.

 In October 1996, we also formed Optimum Media Direction (OMD) in response to client demands for unbundled media buying with global capabilities and reach. We believe the future of media will reward a handful of large, sophisticated global media brands, and OMD will become one of those brands.
Acquisitions
In March 1998, we completed the acquisition of the GGT Group. GGT was combined with TBWA Worldwide, resulting in TBWA moving from the 18th largest to the 10th largest agency in the world, and creating our third global advertising network.
Another significant acquisition in 1998 was the completion of the purchase of Fleishman-Hillard, which, together with existing Omnicom public relations brands Porter Novelli, Ketchum, Gavin Anderson, Clark & Weinstock and GPC International, created the largest group of public relations capabilities in the world.
Finally, we announced in December 1998 that we would acquire those shares of Abbott Mead Vickers (AMV) PLC that we did not already own, this purchase was completed in February 1999. AMV and BBDO have worked together since 1991, and AMV’s principal advertising agency, Abbot Mead Vickers•BBDO, is the largest advertising agency in the United Kingdom. In addition, AMV’s group of media and marketing services companies will complement both our Optimum Media Direction and our other affiliated companies in Europe.
Advertising Agency Brands
BBDO Worldwide again delivered strong growth in revenue and profits, while winning significant new business and capturing awards for creative excellence. In 1998, BBDO continued to expand its global network that now includes 291 offices in 73 countries and 27 multinational clients in 10 or more countries. In addition to the AMV acquisition, I&S/BBDO Tokyo joined the BBDO network, marking the first time a U.S. company has taken direct equity in a major Japanese agency in order to merge operations.
BBDO’s major new account wins in the United States included Charles Schwab and PepsiCo media. Key new multinational assignments for BBDO included Dell Computer, Frito-Lay, and Duracell.
During 1998, BBDO won numerous awards in creative contests worldwide, receiving 32 Lions at the
International Advertising Festival at Cannes and dominating the Clio awards with 58 awards. BBDO New York alone won 19 Clios, making it the most awarded U.S. agency. It also captured the Grand Prize for advertising effectiveness for Mars Snickers’ “Hungry? Why Wait?” campaign at the Effies, and TV Guide named two BBDO spots among its Top 10 for 1998. In USA Today’s Ad Meter poll conducted during the 1998 Super Bowl, BBDO’s Pepsi commercial “Flying Geese” ranked first among viewers rating the commercials. In seven countries, BBDO Network companies won Agency of the Year honors.
DDB Needham Worldwide added three offices and representation in one country for a total of 206 offices in 96 countries. The network also had another strong year in terms of revenue and profits. New business wins included the global Compaq Computer account, now one of its four largest clients worldwide. Among other wins, DDB captured US West, Epson, Polo Ralph Lauren, Merck’s Vioxx, Nicorette, Heinz’s Weight Watchers foods, and additional new business from Parmalat.
The DDB network further solidified its creative reputation by winning 34 Lions at the International Advertising Festival in Cannes, more than any other agency for the sixth year in a row. Included in this count was the first ever Cyber Lion. It also captured ten “One Show” awards; the only other agency to do so was sister Omnicom agency Goodby, Silverstein & Partners.
Among the nine DDB agencies that were named agency of the year in their countries, DM9 DDB, Sao Paulo, Brazil, also took Agency of the Year honors at Cannes. In the U.K, BMP DDB won Campaign of the Year for Volkswagen and Agency of the Year for its overall body of work from Campaign magazine. The Volkswagen campaign also prevailed at the International Automotive Advertising Awards in Michigan, where it captured the Gold Triomphe Best of Show, the first time the Best of Show was awarded to a foreign campaign.
DDB captured the Grand Prix at the New York Festivals for TV and Cinema advertising for Budweiser advertising and also saw a McIlhenny Tabasco spot voted one of the Top 10 Super Bowl spots of all time by TV Guide. In recognition of the networks’ creative legacy, agency founder Bill Bernbach was named by Time magazine as one of the men who most influenced advertising in this century.

Adding greatly to its strength, DDB continued to acquire top agencies around the world with the acquisition of Palmer Jarvis in Canada and Moss Dragoti in New York. In the United States, the agency also formed DDB Digital, an interactive agency as an independent unit of Beyond DDB, the agency’s integrated marketing arm that encompasses such disciplines as direct marketing and sales promotion.
TBWA Worldwide’s growth stemmed in part from completing its acquisition of the GGT Group and executing its merger with BDDP Worldwide to create TBWA Worldwide. Bringing these two agencies into the fold vaulted TBWA into the ranks of the top 10 advertising agencies in the world with 136 offices in 63 countries. In Europe, the merger of TBWA/Simons Palmer and GGT created one of the most powerful agencies in the London market. Headquartered in Paris, BDDP@TBWA is now the third largest agency in France.
In August 1998, the agency announced the acquisition of Square One in Africa and the consolidation of all marketing services in that market under the Tequila brand. In London, Tequila also merged with Payne Stracey to create one of the largest marketing services businesses in the United Kingdom and a crucial hub in the Tequila Worldwide system.
TBWA also acquired Nippo, the 11th largest agency in Japan, now called TBWA/Nippo.
In addition to growth through acquisitions, TBWA won several new clients, including NatWest Bank in the United Kingdom, the worldwide account for Societe Bic as well as Levi’s, Kinko’s and Barnes and Noble’s on-line bookstore in the United States. In the United States, TBWA Chiat/Day was named Creative Agency of the Year for the second year in a row by Creativity magazine. BDDP@TBWA was voted No. 1 and No. 2 for strategy and creative, respectively, in France. Teran/TBWA was Agency of the Year in Mexico and won several awards at Cannes, while Frederick & Valenzuela/TBWA was the most awarded agency in Chile at the 1998 Chilean Advertising Film Festival and TBWA/Germany was named top agency for 1998 by an influential trade paper. In addition, People, Life and TV Guide all named TBWA Chiat/ Day’s Taco Bell campaign the best liked advertising campaign of the year.
In the new TBWA Worldwide management lineup, William G. Tragos, co-founder of TBWA, announced his retirement. Michael Greenlees, previously Chairman
and CEO of the GGT Group PLC, became CEO and President of TBWA Worldwide; Lee Clow, previously Chairman/Chief Creative Officer, TBWA/Chiat Day, became Chairman and Chief Creative Officer of TBWA Worldwide.
Goodby Silverstein & Partners had an excellent year in 1998, adding Cracker Jack, The Wall Street Journal, Pacific Bell Wireless Communications, Mattel/ Intel, The Learning Channel and Breyer’s ice cream to its client roster.
Acknowledged for its creative excellence, the agency greatly expanded its relationships with existing clients Hewlett Packard, Nike and Pepsi. Its Budweiser “Louie the Lizard” campaign was picked as the No. 1 all-time favorite by USA Today’s Ad Track. Its work for Polaroid was No. 6 and its “Got Milk” campaign No. 7. No other agency had three on the top 10 list.
Diversified Agency Services (DAS)
DAS continued to build upon the momentum it has generated over the past 10 years through a strategic balance of internal growth, acquisition and geographic expansion. DAS now holds 76 marketing services companies in 22 marketing disciplines, all working through a combination of networks and regional organizations to serve international and local clients through 476 offices in 62 countries.
In public relations, DAS now comprises three of the top six worldwide public relations networks – Porter Novelli, Fleishman-Hillard and Ketchum. Technology and healthcare public relations have helped drive this sector’s growth and Omnicom is the worldwide leader through its full service agencies and its technology-focused agencies Brodeur/Porter Novelli and Copithorne & Bellows.
Omnicom has built the most influential healthcare franchise globally and it operates, under the TARGIS network, a broad based international network of healthcare agencies. In the United States, Omnicom owns nine healthcare agencies, six of which are in the top 20 healthcare agencies as ranked by Medical Advertising News. Two of its agencies, Harrison & Star and Cline Davis Mann, have been recognized as Agency of the Year over the past several years by the same publication.
In direct response/consultancy, Rapp Collins is recognized worldwide as an innovator in relationship marketing and database technologies with an expertise in telecommunications and pharmaceuticals. In early

1999, Rapp Collins formed Acuity Healthcare Group, a strategic consulting unit to the healthcare industry. Acuity develops relationship marketing programs directed toward both physicians and patients to solidify brand loyalty and retention. Interbrand is one of the world’s leaders in brand strategy, valuation and development, environmental design, research and trademark consulting.
In early 1999, Mercedes-Benz of North America selected DAS to handle its full range of marketing communications for the Mercedes-Benz product portfolio in the United States. The DAS national advertising agency, Merkley Newman Harty will serve as the lead integrator on the Mercedes-Benz assignment, working with other DAS units including The Designory, Rapp Collins, Alcone Marketing Group and Case•Dunlap.
DAS has assembled the leading worldwide sales promotion network through its ownership of four of the top 10 promotional marketing agencies. Through Alcone Marketing Group and The Integer Group, we emphasize strategic and tactical retail execution, database linked incentives and loyalty programs. We continued to expand these capabilities through the 1998 acquisitions of Claydon Heeley and GMR Marketing.
The Digital Economy
Despite its infancy, the growth of the digital economy is exponential and clients look to high-end strategic, technical and design solutions in interactive media as increasingly vital to their overall marketing efforts. Three years ago, we created Communicade as an umbrella for our portfolio of investments in interactive, e-commerce, digital design and technology companies.
Today, we have significant minority investments in five interactive companies – AGENCY.COM, Organic, Razorfish, Red Sky Interactive and THINK New Ideas. All five companies were named by AdWeek to its Top 10 ranking of interactive companies during 1998. In addition to these specialist companies, our existing companies in the United States and Europe have added groups under their own brands to work with clients on digital marketing.
Chief Financial Officer Changes
During 1998, we announced the appointment of Randall J. Weisenburger as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Omnicom effective January 1, 1999, succeeding Fred J. Meyer, who was named Vice Chairman. Randy joined Omnicom from Wasserstein Perella & Co., where he was President and Chief Executive Officer of that company’s merchant banking subsidiary.
Fred Meyer has served as Omnicom’s chief financial officer for 10 years and he has been a key member of the team responsible for our outstanding financial and operating performance. We gratefully acknowledge Fred’s many contributions to Omnicom as chief financial officer.
A Business Balance for Future Growth
The market and geographic balance that we have built into Omnicom now provides for multiple economic engines to drive future growth. This balance also gives us an excellent platform from which to pursue our strategic objective – to become worldwide leaders in each of our market segments and in each of our key geographic markets.
Finally, as we pursue these objectives, it is the skill, creativity and commitment from employees within this company that provide value for our clients and, ultimately, drive financial value for our shareholders. To all Omnicom Group employees throughout the world, I offer my deepest appreciation for your continuing efforts.
 