Letter from the President
 Dear Fellow Shareholders
Two thousand ten was a marked, and welcome, contrast to 2009. In 2009, our focus was on aligning the cost structures of our agencies in response to a very difficult revenue environment. In 2010, clients around the world returned to investing in their expansion. Omnicom’s own return to growth was tempered by the understanding that the pace of economic and technological change in our industry is rapid. With that perspective, we continued to improve our operations while investing in our higher growth markets and businesses. We also pushed ourselves and our agencies to be innovative in our business models and service offerings to deliver more value to our clients.
Omnicom’s financial performance for 2010 speaks for itself, but it does not reflect the significant challenge we presented to our agencies at the beginning of the year: get closer to clients in the face of tightening budgets, maintain strict cost discipline, and continue to focus on growth. Through hard work and unrelenting professionalism, our people made tremendous progress meeting those challenges while maintaining industry-leading quality – accomplishments for which they deserve great credit.
Financial overview. Omnicom’s worldwide revenue increased 7.0% in 2010 to $12.5 billion. The gains we made were driven by strong organic growth across all the industry sectors we serve and each of our marketing disciplines. Economic recovery was certainly a major factor in the increase, but the gain was also driven by our networks’ and agencies’ focus on delivering value and innovation to existing clients, as well as on winning new clients.
Operating income rose 6.2% in 2010 to $1.5 billion and diluted earnings per share totaled $2.70, an increase of 6.7%. Our operating margin, at 11.6%, was on par with the prior year and we finished 2010 with a cost structure that is better aligned for growth. Our focus now is on improving our margins back to the pre-recession levels of 2007 by the end of 2012. As part of this effort, we launched a strategic review to identify under-performing and non- core agencies across the Omnicom portfolio that need to be repositioned or considered for disposal. We expect to see progress toward our margin goal as we continue to invest in, merge or dispose of some agencies and implement cost-reduction strategies at others to drive further efficiencies in our back-office functions.

Letter from the President
Returns to shareholders. With more than $1 billion, our free cash flow remained very strong last year, as did our balance sheet. Over the past two years, we’ve taken advantage of the attractive pricing and availability of capital to lengthen the maturities of our debt. That in turn has given us a great deal of flexibility to deploy capital and free cash flow through a combination of dividends, share repurchases, and acquisitions – the ways that we believe returns to shareholders are delivered most effectively.
We returned nearly $1.4 billion to Omnicom shareholders last year through dividend payments and share repurchases, and our Board recently approved a 25% increase in our quarterly dividend to
$0.25 per share. Our financial strength also enabled us to be more aggressive in making acquisitions and investing in start-up business initiatives. We significantly increased acquisition-related expenditures during 2010, and we expect to see another increase in 2011.
It’s worth repeating that acquisition is a complementary rather than core strategy for Omnicom. Acquisitions give us the opportunity to continue to build our product and service offerings, including digital capabilities, and to expand more quickly in rapidly growing markets like Asia. As always, these purchases must meet our rigorous tests of strategy, fit and price.
Growth in Asia. We completed several acquisitions or investments during 2010, among them a move to a 100% stake in our field marketing operations in China. One of our biggest investments, which we completed in early 2011, was to buy a controlling interest in Clemenger Group, the largest marketing communications group in Australia and New Zealand. Our step up to majority ownership gives us the flexibility to truly leverage the skills, reputation and people of Clemenger. We have worked closely with the group for more than three decades through BBDO Worldwide, and our increased investment makes it integral to the continuing growth of Omnicom’s business in the region.
In terms of the volume and quality of our work in Asia, we’ve met all of the goals we set for Omnicom five years ago. We are now in a far stronger position to serve our multinational clients’ needs for integrated marketing in Asia, and to provide marketing services and best practices to Asian companies with global ambitions. Our

Letter from the President
growth in the region has been substantive and organic. More importantly, it is growth that has been driven by an unrelenting focus on quality and a deep commitment to developing the best people and practices in the industry.
No discussion about Asia can be complete without recognition of the recent, tragic events in Japan. Our thoughts are with the people of Japan, and the families of our clients and staff members who were affected. Our agencies are standing by their clients to recover and push through the many obstacles facing the country, and are doing their utmost to help ensure a swift return to business as usual.
Great work, everywhere. The creative awards won by our agencies and networks in 2010 are strong evidence that our brands in Asia are stronger and more widely recognized for their work on behalf of clients.
• In the 2010 Campaign Asia-Pacific awards, Asia’s premier ranking, DDB Group Asia-Pacific was named Creative Agency Network of the Year and Tribal DDB Asia-Pacific won Digital Agency Network of the Year, while PHD was the top Media Agency Network.
• At the Spikes Asia Advertising Festival, which focuses on creative excellence, our agencies won all Agency of the Year titles, four of seven Grand Prix and the most Gold awards.
• In China specifically, BBDO, DDB and TBWA won the top awards in the prestigious China International Advertising Festival and DDB Group China was named Ad Age China’s Agency of the Year.
Asia is not an exception, however. Around the globe, 2010 was also a stellar year for our agencies across a range of disciplines, highlighting the breadth of creative talent in our organization.
• In The Gunn Report, which accumulates all creative awards given throughout the world, BBDO Worldwide was the Most Awarded Network in the World for a remarkable fifth consecutive year. DDB Worldwide ranked as the second Most Awarded Network, with TBWA Worldwide in fifth spot.
• DDB Stockholm was The Gunn Report’s Most Awarded Digital Agency in the World, and Omnicom agencies took nine of the top 20 digital agency rankings.

Letter from the President
• In The Directory Big Won ranking, BBDO and DDB clinched the No. 1 and No. 2 spots, respectively, while Almap BBDO Sao Paulo and BBDO New York led the Top 20 Agencies in the World listing.
• At the International Advertising Festival in Cannes, agencies from each Omnicom network won a total of five of the coveted Grand Prix awards in 12 categories, as well as the first-ever Grand Prix for Good.
Digital innovation and collaboration. Digital was a key component in most of these award-winning campaigns. The battle to focus on individual consumers is not only driving continual technological innovation, it is requiring unprecedented integration across marketing disciplines to promote client messages and brands. That suits our business model well. Omnicom’s client-centric culture enables us to collaborate in formal and virtual networks across agencies and disciplines to deliver the value and innovation our clients need.
While digital is both a tool and a medium for creating and delivering effective messaging, the combination of technology and integration continues to shift the landscape dramatically. This is making new demands on the creativity, efficiency and accountability of our agencies. We have always recognized that each of our agencies must develop digital skill sets in their respective disciplines, and they are meeting these demands extremely well. We continue to facilitate this development by focusing on talent recruitment and education initiatives.
We are also collaborating with technology leaders, as demonstrated by our recent partnerships with Google, Microsoft, Yahoo! and AOL, to provide our clients with more innovative services and to enhance our agencies’ competencies in digital marketing, media and analytics. At the same time, we continue to make selective acquisitions of agencies with deep digital skills, and fund start-up business initiatives, that can add depth to our offerings or round out our services in certain geographies.
Investing in talent. Ultimately, we believe that the best capital investment we can make is in our human capital. Our agencies and networks have always placed strong emphasis on training and development of their people. Omnicom University has offered

Letter from the President
management-level courses on digital trends for many years. Now, after a trial run with thousands of employees, we intend to expand digital education programs to every Omnicom employee through sophisticated distance-learning tools. A digitally capable and highly skilled workforce across all of our networks has the potential to be a defining competitive advantage, not just for our agencies but for their clients as well.
We will also continue to build on the success we’ve had over the past 15 years in disseminating our collective knowledge and best practices in professional services. Each year, we invest millions of dollars in training our future leaders through executive education programs like those offered through Omnicom University in North America, Europe and Asia. The three primary programs were initially developed with the faculty of the Harvard Business School and have been continually enhanced ever since. In 2010, we also re-introduced our Financial Leadership Conferences in the U.S., Europe and Asia. These gatherings disseminate our expertise on key business management issues such as working capital management, accounting, financial systems, risk management and business planning.
Last year, we increased the number of leadership development courses, like the Advanced Management Program, that we make available to our senior managers in China. We offered the first MBA Residency program to students in China and marked the third year of the Omnicom MBA Scholarship Awards, which are presented to outstanding students enrolled in MBA programs in China. Omnicom’s MBA Residency program, now in its seventh year, provides recent graduates of top business schools the opportunity to rotate through four marketing disciplines at different agencies.
Meeting our social responsibilities. Our commitment to developing the next generation of talent runs deep in the Omnicom ethos. So does our obligation to be a responsible member of the communities where we operate. Our objective is to harness the same creativity and quality with which we serve clients to do the right thing for the communities that support us. Among the many highlights of 2010:
• Diversity. We are very committed to using best practices and tools for recruiting and retaining a workforce that reflects our global community. Under the guidance of our Chief Diversity

Letter from the President
Officer, we continue to attract students from minorities under- represented in our industry, share best practices for hiring, development and inclusion and increase access for diverse suppliers at our agencies.
• Environment. Over the past two years, we have refined our measurement of the carbon footprint of our 1,500 agencies worldwide. With our 2008 consumption as a baseline, we have a goal to reduce our electricity usage by more than 10% by 2013. We’re also exploring more ways to facilitate continuous energy efficiency improvements and increase sustainable business practices across our agencies. We are making substantial progress. In the 2010 Green Rankings of the top 500 U.S. companies compiled by Newsweek, Omnicom was ranked 106, a dramatic improvement from our rank of 472 in 2009.
• Accountability. We launched Omnicom’s corporate social responsibility (CSR) website, which details our CSR and sustainability policies and progress, along with highlights of individual agency accomplishments, projects and donations. http://csr.omnicomgroup.com.
• Community. Omnicom and its family of agencies have a strong tradition of supporting worthy community causes with a combination of creative talent, financial contributions and old- fashioned volunteerism. In conjunction with our 2010 Financial Leadership Conferences, for example, Omnicom employees refurbished Kids Village in Budapest, Hungary, helped give a much-needed facelift to St. Jude’s Ranch for Children in Las Vegas, and donated funds and time to a 24-hour children’s drop-in and crisis center in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
As part of a multi-year commitment, Omnicom leveraged considerable creative and financial resources, and its global network of contacts, for Plan International’s work on behalf of the world’s most marginalized children. Our support has ranged from securing water purification products in Zimbabwe to youth training skills in India and Vietnam, as well as strategic advice in planning, brand development and cause-related marketing programs. Omnicom employees have also supported Plan’s global “Because I am a Girl” campaign, which fights gender inequality, promotes girls’ rights and is focused on lifting millions of girls out of poverty.
   
Letter from the President
Looking ahead. Over the past two years, our agencies have done an excellent job with the difficult challenge of aligning their cost structures. With an expected return to a relatively normal economic environment in 2011, we believe that the growth we experienced last year will continue as stronger margins take hold. In short, we’re optimistic about Omnicom’s opportunities.
We recognize there are some global risks to the economic recovery, but we are more enthusiastic about the growth prospects we see around the world than we have been in some time. We believe we have the right service platform to harness that growth, a platform that is as well balanced by business skills and creative talent as it is by discipline and geography. We intend to continue to expand our digital skill sets to leverage new and constantly changing technologies, both inside our existing agencies and with new partnerships and acquisitions. And we will also look for strongly managed organizations that meet the tests of strategy, fit and price to help expand our presence in rapidly developing markets.
We are truly grateful for the opportunity to collaborate with the world’s leading businesses and for the tireless efforts of our agencies on behalf of those clients. Serving more of the needs of our largest clients, wherever they operate, and in any medium they require, has always been the cornerstone of our strategy for Omnicom. It is a strategy that has proven its worth time and again, through all types of markets and dramatic evolutions in technology. Harnessed to a more efficient organization, we expect that strategy to drive sustainable operating gains in the years ahead.
Sincerely,
John D. Wren
President & Chief Executive Officer
April 2011
 