LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
2000 was an excellent year for Omnicom Group.
I am pleased to report that it was our 14th consecutive year of record-breaking financial results. The fourth quarter was Omnicom’s 38th quarter in a row of year-over-year gains in revenue and earnings. Our company’s 16.6% organic growth continued to outpace the market, whose overall advance last year was at a single-digit rate.
In 2000, our operating companies won $4.9 billion in net new business – another record. We achieved these results in a challenging economic climate because we have built positions of strong market leadership in each category of services we offer. Clients engage our companies for their excellent strategic counsel and outstanding creative execution in all key marketing disciplines, and in every important geographic region of the world.
Today we have built leadership positions in more than 30 marketing disciplines, and we provide our services in more than 100 countries. Non-advertising marketing and communications services account for 56% of our revenue, up from 30% at the start of the last decade. Advertising and media services account for the balance. Approximately one-half of our revenue came from the U.S. in 2000, vs. 57% in 1990, with the rest coming from a mix of mature and emerging markets around the world.
This balance of breadth, depth and diversity reduces our exposure to any single industry or an economic reversal in any world region. It also provides us with significant opportunities to benefit from growth in marketing expenditures.
Our success last year was also evident from the significant industry and media recognition we received.
• Omnicom’s standing as the creative leader in advertising was reaffirmed yet again. Our advertising agencies, BBDO Worldwide, DDB Worldwide, TBWA Worldwide and Goodby, Silverstein & Partners, dominated the International Advertising Festival at Cannes, winning 64 awards, including the Grand Prix, the industry’s most prestigious.
• Fortune magazine ranked Omnicom Number One among our competitors on its list of America’s Most Admired Companies. Out of more than 600 companies in 52 industries, Omnicom ranked First in Quality of Management; First in Employee Talent;
Second in Quality of Products and Services; Second in Use of Corporate Assets; Third in Financial Soundness; and Third in Long-Term Investment Value.
These achievements are a credit to both our holding company and our operating company employees everywhere, who make up some of the most entrepreneurial and talented individuals in management today.
FINANCIAL REVIEW
Worldwide revenue increased 20% to $6.2 billion in 2000, from $5.1 billion in 1999. Domestic revenues increased 29% to $3.3 billion, compared with $2.5 billion in 1999. We reported international revenues for the twelve months of $2.9 billion, an 11% increase from the $2.6 billion in 1999. The growth of our international business in dollar terms was cut nearly in half by currency translation effects.
Net income increased 37% last year, to $498.8 million, up from $362.9 million in 1999. Diluted earnings per share gained 36%, reaching $2.73 per share in 2000, an advance from the $2.01 per share earned in 1999. This includes a pre-tax realized gain of $110.0 million ($63.8 million after-tax) on the sale of a portion of the company’s ownership position in Razorfish. Excluding the Razorfish gain, net income for the twelve months increased 20% year-over-year to $435 million and diluted earnings per share increased 19% to $2.40 per share.
Our operating margin widened to 14.3%, compared to 14.1% in 1999.
2000 OPERATING REVIEW
Advertising and Media Agency Brands
Omnicom Group’s three global advertising networks – BBDO Worldwide, DDB Worldwide and TBWA Worldwide – were, once again, ranked among the most creative agency networks in the world by the Gunn Report, placing first, second and fifth.
BBDO Worldwide expanded its business with established and new clients, including the award by DaimlerChrysler of its recently consolidated account. Other notable new assignments included: Cingular Wireless, Kentucky Fried Chicken, Miranda and 7Up from PepsiCo, Gillette’s Venus for Women and Pharmacia’s Nicorette.
BBDO Worldwide won more awards at the International Advertising Festival at Cannes than any other agency, a feat duplicated at the Clios. As a

result of its strong overall performance, BBDO was named Global Agency of the Year by Advertising Age and Eastern Agency of the Year by AdWeek. Almap/BBDO of Brazil was named Agency of the Year at Cannes.
BBDO operates 323 offices in 76 countries. During 2000 it made five agency acquisitions: Allansson, Nillson & Riffi in Sweden, now known as BBDO ANR; D’Adda, Lorenzini, Vigorelli, in Italy (now DLV BBDO); Sancho Publicidad in Colombia (Sancho BBDO); Net#work in South Africa, which was subsequently merged with Berry Bush BBDO; and in Korea, BBDO acquired a majority stake in the creatively recognized Dongbang agency.
In September, BBDO launched a new customer relationship management (CRM) network called Proximity Worldwide. Proximity operates in 23 countries, helping clients integrate their offline and online marketing and brand-building efforts. In November, BBDO expanded its PentaMark unit to provide support for DaimlerChrysler on a worldwide basis.
DDB Worldwide, which has 206 offices in 99 countries, won a number of assignments from new and established clients. Notable wins included: AOL, DHL, ExxonMobil, Energizer, Hasbro Toys, Henkel and J.C. Penney.
At the International Advertising Festival at Cannes, DDB won the Grand Prix in TV – the industry’s premier award – for its “Whassup” work on behalf of Anheuser-Busch. That campaign also won the Grand Clio for TV, while a campaign for Volkswagen won the Grand Clio for print.
DDB’s Chicago office was named as one of the top two agencies in the world on the 2000 Global Zenith list published by Creativity magazine, and for the second straight year, DDB commercials were the most popular, according to USA Today’s Super Bowl Ad Meter. DDB Colombia, Palmer Jarvis DDB (Canada), BMP DDB in the U.K., Result DDB in Amsterdam and DDB Paris all won Agency of the Year accolades in their markets.
DDB made several acquisitions last year. Among them were: Court Burkitt in London and Generator in Denmark. The company formed Lee DDB in Korea. DDB continued to grow its integrated marketing, specialty services and consulting capabilities. In the expanding field of healthcare marketing, DDB and Frank J. Corbett, another Omnicom unit, formed DDB Corbett, and in France, DDB acquired Ciel & Terre, a leading healthcare marketing communications company.
DDB also launched Brand Capital, a proprietary research tool that reveals how consumers relate to and bond with more than 500 brands. During the year, DDB consolidated its major interactive units around the world, including DDB Digital in North America, and formed Tribal DDB, a global company specializing in consulting, marketing, customer relationship management programs and e-commerce.
2000 was a great year for TBWA Worldwide as the agency continued to solidify its reputation for creating brand campaigns that work. TBWA won assignments from Kmart, Earthlink, Seagram and Sony and it earned 23 Lions at the International Advertising Festival at Cannes, while earning its eighth Grand Effie for advertising effectiveness — the latest for Apple Computer’s “Think Different” campaign.
In a series of strategic moves, \G1, a joint venture between TBWA and Japan’s Hakuhodo, was formed to provide global marketing and communications services to Nissan Motor Corp. TBWA acquired the FKBG agency and Mode en Images, both in France, and formed TBWA\Raad\Middle East in the United Arab Emirates. Whybin TBWA & Partners was named Australia’s Agency of the Year for 2000 by Ad News for the third year in a row.
TBWA\Digerati was implemented in 2000 – an initiative dedicated to raising overall agency competency with the digital environment and its implications for business. TBWA proprietary tools have been developed and implemented to support this program.
Goodby, Silverstein & Partners added Sirius Satellite Radio and Turner Broadcasting’s TNT to its client roster in 2000. Goodby was also named Agency of the Year by Advertising Age. The trade magazine cited GS&P for its excellent body of work for clients ranging from E*Trade, Hewlett-Packard and SBC to Discover Card.
GSD&M was named Southwest Agency of the Year by AdWeek magazine. This was the sixth time the agency received that honor. Also last year, GSD&M became the first Southwest ad agency to generate billings in excess of $1 billion. The agency’s new-business wins last year included the U.S. Air Force and Land Rover.
Martin/Williams continued its mission of delivering a range of services to clients and launched TurbobrandingTM — a set of interlocking techniques that helped the agency win significant new work for Donato’s Pizza (a subsidiary of McDonald’s), L.L. Bean and Steelcase.

Omnicom Media Group is among the leading media services companies in the world. It ended 2000 with more than $2.5 billion in new — media only — business won in cooperation with Omnicom global advertising agencies. OMG is comprised of two global media buying and planning networks, Optimum Media Direction (OMD) and PHD Group.
OMD opened a dozen new offices in 2000, including seven new offices in Europe, bringing its total European coverage to over 20 countries. OMD also launched in Australia and added offices in several Latin American countries. OMD USA began operating in April 2000 with offices in eight cities and as the largest buyer of television in the U.S.
OMD also was the recipient of several industry awards in 2000, including a Media Lion at the International Advertising Festival in Cannes. OMD U.K. and OMD France were the most highly awarded companies at the U.K. Media Week Awards and the French Effie 2000 Awards, respectively. OMD Asia was recognized for Best Use of Media in the Media Asia 2000 Awards.
Following two consecutive years as Campaign’s Media Agency of the Year, PHD was recognized by the magazine as having the top media-planning capability among all media agencies in the U.K. Headquartered in London, PHD was formed in 2000 by combining Omnicom’s strongest independent media agencies in Canada, the U.S. and the U.K. as its nucleus. While providing buying and strategic media services as well as dedicated international planning, PHD also offers a range of specialist services from sponsorship to program placement, econometric modeling, data mining, online strategy and media buying.
Marketing Services and Specialty Communications Brands
Diversified Agency Services (DAS) continued its strong growth in 2000. DAS now includes more than 100 marketing services companies in 30 professional disciplines, with 600 offices in over 65 countries.
DAS companies are market leaders in the fields of public relations, customer relationship management and such specialized areas as healthcare communications, recruitment advertising, financial communications, sports, entertainment and event marketing. DAS also owns top-performing units serving the brand identity, custom publishing and research needs of global clients.
The strong performance within DAS results from its companies’ abilities to meet the growing demands
of clients seeking diversified marketing strategies that address a fragmented media environment.
Public Relations remains the largest sector within DAS. Our global PR agency networks — Fleishman- Hillard, Ketchum and Porter Novelli — rank among the top seven public relations networks globally. Specialist agencies Brodeur Worldwide, Clark & Weinstock, Cone, Inc. and Gavin Anderson round out DAS’ public relations portfolio – the largest in the world.
Fleishman-Hillard finished first among all PR agencies in quality reputation in the Thomas L. Harris/Impulse Research Survey. Fleishman-Hillard added to its slate of services with the acquisition of one of Washington, D.C.’s largest public affairs agencies, Greer, Margolis, Mitchell, Burns & Associates. Fleishman-Hillard also added to its global technology base with the acquisition of Herald Communications, as well as Lois Paul and KVO public relations. Recently, GPC joined with Fleishman-Hillard to create a leading global public affairs group.
Ketchum launched a multi-year digital strategy to transform its global client service model that provides a new system of knowledge-sharing within its network. Ketchum also expanded its base of client services with acquisitions in Spain and Brazil and the introduction of Ketchum Entertainment Marketing. Ketchum won PR Week’s business-to- business Campaign of the Year award and both Fleishman-Hillard and Ketchum shared a record eight Silver Anvils from the Public Relations Society of America.
Porter Novelli continued to expand its core business and acquired Nelson Communications, a Sacramento agency focused on California-based public affairs. Inside PR magazine cited Porter Novelli for the Best Public Relations Campaign in 2000. Cone, Inc. won three awards from Inside PR for its work in cause marketing and Brodeur was named PR Week’s 2000 PR Agency of the Year overall.
Gavin Anderson & Company acquired Chlopak, Leonard, Schechter & Associates to strengthen its public affairs capabilities in Washington, D.C.
During the year, DAS also acquired Washington Speakers Bureau, the number one lecture agency in the world that represents distinguished world leaders, members of the media, futurists and humorists for corporate and organizational appearances.

Customer Relationship Marketing is one of the most rapidly expanding of DAS’ services. Clients are pursuing the commercial benefits of developing more focused communications that produce measurable results. Traditional direct response channels combined with digital technologies are allowing companies like Claydon Heeley Jones Mason, Direct Partners, Rapp Collins, and Targetbase — all innovators in customer relationship marketing and database technology — to benefit from this trend.
In the area of promotions, events and field marketing, DAS had a good year. Alcone Marketing Group and the Integer Group focus on the strategy and tactics of retail programs, including database- linked incentives and customer loyalty programs. GMR Marketing grew strongly in event marketing and DAS acquired US Marketing and Promotions (USM&P), which Promo magazine named the number one agency for 2000. USM&P joins three other strong brands in field marketing, including U.S.-based Marketstar, TLP-Tracy Locke Partnership and European leader CPM International Group.
In 2000, DAS continued to expand its global healthcare marketing practice. Under the TARGIS brand, DAS oversees an international network of healthcare agencies, six of which are ranked among the top 25 healthcare agencies by Medical Advertising News. DAS acquired Eden Communications Group in 2000, a leading provider of healthcare education and marketing services and took a minority stake in Apothecom Associates, a medical communications company. DAS also completed the acquisition of Mathews Media Group, which works with its pharmaceutical company clients at the earliest stages of product development to design clinical evaluation programs as well as commercialization and branding strategies.
Merkley Newman Harty successfully integrated Consumer Health Networks into its operations and also joined two other DAS companies — Bayless Cronin and Team South (now I2i Communications) — while forming strong partnerships with other Omnicom and DAS agencies including Footsteps, a multicultural marketing agency.
Bernard Hodes Group remains the world’s leading human resource communications company and in 2000 expanded its award-winning creative work in all areas of recruitment advertising and employee communications.
Interbrand retained its position as a global leader in brand consulting. New Solutions, the leading U.K.-based strategic marketing consultancy that specializes in brand and business strategy
and consumer insight, was acquired. M/A/R/C Research provides marketing insight and proprietary research for both offline and online marketing communications.
DAS expanded its presence in sports and sponsorship marketing last year with The Marketing Arm’s acquisition of Steiner Sports Marketing, a collectible and memorabilia marketing company. DAS also acquired an equity stake in Horrow Sports Ventures, an advisor on sports and entertainment sponsorship facility opportunities.
Digital Services Brands
Despite the slowdown in technology spending, digital media represents an increasingly important means for enriching customer relationships and delivering sophisticated marketing communications messages. Our companies will continue to pursue a variety of interactive initiatives to benefit from the long-term trends in this sector, and we will consider strategic investment opportunities presented by the currently depressed conditions in the capital markets for digital businesses.
A Balance for Future Growth
In conclusion, despite the weakening economic environment in the United States, 2000 was an outstanding year for our company. We continued to perform well across all of our operating divisions. Our strategically balanced advertising and marketing services portfolio and diverse geographic reach allow us to continue to increase our services to existing clients and win new accounts. Our sound financial position and strong balance sheet provide a solid foundation for our ongoing operations, and serve as a base for our expansion.
Our primary goal: to remain the leading marketing communications company in the world, measured in terms of the quality of our employees, the quality of our client relationships, the quality of our work and the rewards we provide for our shareholders. As we continue our relentless pursuit of these objectives, we are thankful for the skill, creativity and commitment of our employees around the world and the commitment and confidence of our shareholders.
Thank you all for your continued support.
John Wren
 