Letter from the President
Dear Fellow Shareholders
Time magazine called it the advertising industry’s “big bang.” Advertising Age characterized it as “positively awesome.” We saw the 1986 merger of BBDO, Doyle Dane Bernbach and Needham Harper to form Omnicom as an audacious plan to serve the needs of the world’s largest advertisers more effectively.
In 2006, we celebrated the twentieth anniversary of that bold beginning. Our businesses not only drove new levels of revenues
and income but also strengthened their reputations as the world’s most creative agencies. That performance is a corroboration of the strategy articulated by Omnicom’s first CEO, Allen Rosenshine, who said in the 1986 annual report, “More and larger clients want fewer and larger agencies to handle their total business. We intend to capture our share of this ongoing consolidation trend.”
And so we are capturing it, guided by our founding strategic rationale of making investments that enable our agencies to serve more of the needs of our largest clients, wherever they do business. Omnicom’s revenues were
2006 Financial Highlights
Diluted earnings per share rose 14 percent to $4.99.
Net income increased 9 percent to $864 million.
Worldwide revenue rose more than 8 percent to $11.4 billion.
Advertising revenues advanced 6 percent, CRM 13 percent, Public Relations 10 percent and Specialty Communications
4 percent.
Operating income grew more than 10 percent to $1.5 billion; operating margins rose to
13 percent.
Cash flow from operations was $1.7 billion.
$754 million in 1986. Since that
time revenues have grown 15-fold to $11.4 billion. We believe that both our strategic priorities and the incredibly capable people who have brought them to life across our agencies have served the interests of Omnicom shareholders very well over the past two decades.

Letter from the President
Omnicom’s growth into the world’s largest and most successful marketing and communications firm has been built on the vision and leadership of its founders. While there have been some important transitions over the past year in day-to-day leadership, these founders leave the core values of creativity and service deeply embedded in the ethos of Omnicom’s agencies.
Allen Rosenshine, one of Omnicom’s founders, retired at the end of March 2007 after a remarkable 44-year career that earned him a place on Advertising Age’s list of the “hundred most influential people in advertising over the last century.” Under Allen’s guidance—and that of CEO Andrew Robertson since mid-2004— BBDO Worldwide became one of the largest, and most-awarded, agency networks in the world. He also served as the first chief executive officer of Omnicom before returning to run his first love, BBDO. We’re delighted that Allen has agreed to stay on as Chairman Emeritus of BBDO.
In April 2006, Keith Reinhard moved to Chairman Emeritus at DDB Worldwide after a distinguished career that established the agency as a global creative powerhouse and earned him a place on the
Ad Age “100 Most Influential” list. Keith, also a key architect of the Omnicom strategy, was succeeded as Chairman by Bob Scarpelli, who retains his responsibilities as the network’s Chief Creative Officer. We chose the very talented Chuck Brymer, former Interbrand Group Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, to become President and CEO of DDB Worldwide following the passing of our colleague, Ken Kaess.
Our legacy of creative excellence
A central rationale for the creation of Omnicom 20 years ago was to enable our subsidiaries to focus on the quality of services provided to clients rather than the challenges of managing standalone public companies. Underpinning quality was creativity: creative excellence became—and remains—the touchstone for almost every major strategic decision at Omnicom. As a result, over the past two

Letter from the President
decades our agencies have amassed a remarkable legacy of creative success in all markets and across all marketing disciplines.
In the 2006 Gunn Report, BBDO Worldwide, DDB Worldwide and TBWA Worldwide placed first, second and third, respectively, as the most-awarded agency networks in the world. This was the third consecutive year that Omnicom’s global agency networks have captured the top three spots in the Gunn Report, which also noted that in the eight years it has been compiling the results of global creative awards, only one network that is not part of Omnicom finished first in the network rankings. The 2006 Gunn Report rankings were echoed by those of Creativity magazine, which gave our networks the top three spots in their annual rankings of the most-awarded agency networks.
There are common strategic priorities behind these accomplishments. The first is the focus on creative excellence that characterized our agency networks at the formation of Omnicom, and which has continued ever since. The second is two decades of ongoing investment to strengthen our creative product and broaden our strategic platforms, marketing disciplines and geographic reach. As we’ve often said, this is not about size for its own sake: it is about following our strategic priorities. The third strategic priority is to serve more of the needs of our largest clients by investing in the creative and strategic resources we need to serve them best. That core premise has been enhanced by a vitally important evolution of our business model, which is the integration and collaboration between agencies when it makes sense to deliver client service that is not only highly creative but also consistent and cost-effective.
Omnicom’s investments in the skills required for digital marketing communications are a good example of how we see our continuing growth. We were early believers in the potential of the Internet. More than a decade ago, we began to invest in our own agencies as well as in companies that served clients who wanted a presence in this new marketing space. We certainly didn’t know how it would evolve, but our early presence in digital media, and the full breadth of capabilities we have developed and acquired since that time,

Letter from the President
have positioned our agencies to take advantage of the many opportunities that now exist to serve new client strategies.
The trajectory of change in communicating to consumers remains challenging to map. Audiences continue to fragment, and reaching them effectively is more demanding as the consumer is for the first time in control over what messages they receive and how they receive them. Unlike any time in history, this change is now constant and requires our agencies to be more innovative and organizationally flexible in collaborating with clients to deliver appropriate information to the right audiences as efficiently as possible.
Deepening skills and relationships
Like the quality of our creative product, a founding principle of Omnicom is the continuing education of employees throughout our family of agencies. Our goal is not simply to ensure our businesses are run efficiently. We also want to attract, retain and motivate a new generation of leaders with the managerial skills and entrepreneurial vision to lead our agencies through their next
20 years of growth.
Omnicom University, for example, is now in its 12th year of operation. To date, more than 1,300 of our senior executives have attended the University’s Senior Management Program. This leadership development program focuses on a variety of important issues in our businesses, such as managing in a digital world, the changing consumer, entrepreneurship and personal leadership. The idea dissemination, relationship building and concept testing that have taken place over the past dozen years have not only contributed meaningfully to Omnicom’s overall performance but also built a legacy of loyalty and commitment among our senior managers.
We’re now in the fourth year of the Omnicom MBA Residency Program, which offers a 30-month paid internship to recent graduates of top business schools. Residents rotate through six of our disciplines under the guidance of a management-level mentor

Letter from the President
within each operating company. Twenty-eight men and women have graduated from the program to date, with about two-thirds accepting employment with one of our agencies and the others taking positions with current or prospective clients. While the experience gives interns valuable cross-training in how to serve clients in multiple disciplines, they also bring a well-rounded mix of business skills to Omnicom’s agencies. We intend to begin the roll-out of a similar MBA Residency program in China during 2007.
Each of our global networks, and especially Diversified Agency Services’ (DAS) Business Learning Program, also offer business development programs that focus on technical and practical skills for managers. Each year, our networks invest thousands of employee-hours in agency-specific skills development, offering or requiring courses that cover a very broad range of client service and business management topics.
Our agencies also have a long history of investing in a diverse workforce that enables them to better represent our clients and the communities they serve. Our goal is for Omnicom networks and agencies to continue to build cultures that promote creativity and innovation in the multicultural mainstream marketplace. During 2006, for example, we committed funding to the initiatives of the Diversity Development Advisory Committee, a group of New York- based business, political and community leaders whose primary mandate is to improve the advertising industry’s ability to identify, attract and employ minority talent. We have also agreed to partner with Medgar Evers College to bolster the College’s curriculum in advertising, marketing and media skills.
Looking ahead
We entered 2007 with strong momentum on all fronts. We anticipate continuing organic growth during the year from the perennial drivers of our business—client-centered networks, exceptional creative talent, balance and diversity across disciplines, and depth and breadth in all major global markets. We believe these capabilities make a compelling case to clients who are seeking ways

Letter from the President
to ensure their marketing dollars are well spent. And we expect our agencies to make that case aggressively to continue to build our share of markets around the world.
Where investments or acquisitions make sense we will pursue them. Asia, including China and India, are among our strategic priorities in this regard, as are additional investments to ensure our agencies continue to develop a full complement of capabilities in new media. Our strategic touchstone here is always appropriateness in strategy, fit and price. An investment must meet the test of enabling Omnicom agencies to deepen their relationships with our largest clients by offering broader skills in more markets around the world.
Near the end of his first letter to shareholders in 1986, Allen Rosenshine wrote, “We move forward in the firm belief that the people of our companies are unsurpassed in their talent and in the quality of the product they provide.” It is a tribute to the people of Omnicom that, 20 years later, his statement still stands as unequivocally true. Superb creative product, delivered with innovation and collaboration, is the life force of Omnicom and the engine of the Company’s strong record of performance. We intend to keep that record going.
Sincerely,
John D. Wren
President & Chief Executive Officer
April 2007
 