 LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
A host of forces, including the rapid adoption of digital technologies and the Internet, has changed forever the way business is conducted. Increased computing power, high-speed distribution and digital access to everything makes brand building a crucial business priority — without regard to industry, nationality or geography. Omnicom Group is already capitalizing on the opportunities created by these changes.
Throughout the past decade, we executed a strategy to benefit from media fragmentation, industry consolidation and the convergence of marketing disciplines. We moved early and quickly to build significant positions in over 20 companies involved in digital interactive marketing. These holdings now represent substantial shareholder value.
As a result, our company enjoys a well-earned reputation for innovation and market leadership. We have aligned our assets and focus with today’s economy and our investments and initiatives with tomorrow’s.
Omnicom is a company with a relentless focus on shareholder value. Over the last decade, Omnicom Group delivered a 10-year total annualized return to its shareholders of 34.7 percent. This exceptional performance made Omnicom the 32nd best-performer among all companies in the S&P 500 index.
Last year, as you will see on the following pages, our company posted the best financial performance in its history. It was our 13th consecutive record- breaking year. The fourth quarter was the 34th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in revenues and earnings.
Non-advertising marketing services now represent 53 percent of our consolidated revenue, up from 30 percent at the beginning of the decade. Advertising and media buying services now represent 47 percent of consolidated revenues, down from 70 percent in 1990. Geographically, our consolidated revenues are about evenly split between the United States and International markets and no single client is responsible for more than five percent of our consolidated revenues.
This balance dramatically reduces our exposure to any single industry, client or geographic economic cycle while at the same time enabling us to profit from the powerful forces that are reshaping our industry.
1999 FINANCIAL REVIEW
Total revenues from commissions and fees increased 20 percent to $5.1 billion in 1999, from $4.3 billion in 1998. Net income increased 30 percent to $362.9 million in 1999, from $278.8 million in
1998, and fully diluted earnings per share rose 28 percent to $2.01 per share, from $1.57 per share. At the same time, our operating margins widened to 14.1 percent from 13.1 percent, amongst the best in our industry.
The reported amounts have been restated to include the results of the February 10, 1999 acquisition of Abbott Mead Vickers Group Limited (AMV), which was accounted for as a pooling of interests.
Every major operating unit of our company contributed to our strong financial performance. Increased spending by both established and new clients fueled across-the-board gains. In 1999, our operating companies won net new business of more than $3 billion for the first time in our history.
As a reflection of this strong performance, on December 7, 1999, our Board of Directors increased the cash dividend on Omnicom Group common stock by 16.7 percent from 15 cents to 17.5 cents per share per quarter.
During 1999, Omnicom’s performance also attracted important industry and financial community recognition:
• Our general media agencies BBDO Worldwide, DDB Worldwide, TBWA Worldwide and Goodby Silverstein & Partners again dominated the International Advertising Agency Festival at Cannes. At the industry’s most prestigious creative awards show, Omnicom’s agency networks won 78 Lion awards, 64 more than our closest competitor.
• Fortune Magazine ranked Omnicom Number One in its list of America’s Most Admired Companies in our industry. Fortune cited “Eight Attributes” as the basis of their rankings; Omnicom ranked Number One in “Quality of Products and Services” and Number Three in “Quality of Management” considering all companies in all industries.
• Business Week ranked Omnicom 32nd in its annual review of the best performing companies in the S&P 500.
• The Wall Street Journal’s Shareholder Scoreboard (a ranking of 1,000 major U.S. public companies) ranked Omnicom Number One in its peer group for our ten-year average annual total return to shareholders.
All of these honors are a credit to the enormous dedication, entrepreneurial talent and management skill that resides within our operating companies.

 1999 OPERATING REVIEW
Advertising and Media Agency Brands
Omnicom Group’s three global advertising networks – BBDO Worldwide, DDB Worldwide and TBWA Worldwide all took the top slots in the 1999 ranking of the most creative agency networks, according to The Gunn Report.
BBDO Worldwide expanded its business with key clients, including Gillette, PepsiCo, FedEx, Charles Schwab, Henkel, Dell and DaimlerChrysler while adding the New York Stock Exchange, the New York Yankees, and interactive assignments from Visa, General Electric, the Financial Times and Realestate.com.
BBDO continues to win acclaim for its creative excellence, receiving twice as many awards for print and television than any other agency at the London International Advertising Festival, and capturing the American Association of Advertising Agencies’ highest honor for creative excellence, the O’Toole Award, for the second time in three years. TV Guide ranked four BBDO commercials among the top 10 Super Bowl ads of all time.
The agency opened several new offices last year, bringing its network to 298 offices in 74 countries. During the year, BBDO merged existing agencies to create Myres BBDO in Norway, NOS BBDO in Poland, Sancho BBDO in Colombia and DLV BBDO in Italy. BBDO also took equity positions in Pages BBDO in the Dominican Republic and increased its equity ownership of Swamy BBDO in India and I&S BBDO in Japan.
BBDO also established a digital interactive division, @tmosphere Interactive, as part of an expansion of its integrated marketing services. Sixteen of the 25 companies added to the network in 1999 practice non-advertising disciplines.
With 206 offices in 98 countries, DDB Worldwide continued to expand its integrated marketing capabilities while cementing its reputation as a creative leader in traditional advertising.
Last year, the agency and its subsidiary Griffin Bacal launched Kid Think Inc. in 16 countries on five continents, making it the first global kid- marketing consultancy. DDB Worldwide also expanded its Beyond DDB integrated marketing unit in the U.S. and overseas. In the UK, DDB entered into a joint venture with DAS through Claydon Heeley to form Jones Mason Direct Marketing Group. DDB also established DDB Matrix, a consulting unit specializing in the development and use of statistical models to determine advertising effectiveness.
DDB dominated 49 U.S. and international award shows, including the International Advertising Festival at Cannes and the Effies. At the Clios it was
named global agency network of the year. The Gunn Report recognized DDB as the award winningest agency network in the world. Three of DDB’s 1999 Super Bowl commercials for Anheuser-Busch were ranked in the Top Ten on USA Today’s Super Bowl Ad Meter.
New business wins for the agency included the consolidated Clorox Co. account as well as Starwood and its subsidiary Sheraton Hotels, Coty, Exxon Mobil, Credit Suisse, DHL, Henkel, Dial, Scott Garden Products, and FTD.
DDB Digital, which was founded in 1998, continued to expand its capabilities and client list in the burgeoning digital interactive marketing services area.
TBWA Worldwide delivered a top-level performance in 1999, bringing in significant new business and capturing many awards for creative excellence. Major new clients include the International Olympic Committee, Fila, USA Films, WebStreet and Circuit City.
The agency further solidified its reputation for creating advertising that works as TBWA Chiat/Day in Los Angeles won the Grand Effie for its Taco Bell work. In addition, TBWA GGT Simons Palmer in London captured the Grand Prix for Print and Poster at the International Advertising Festival in Cannes for its Sony Playstation work.
TBWA continued its international expansion through acquisitions, which included Zimmerman and Partners in the U.S., Austria 3/Mediaplan in Austria, and Bossa Nova SA in France. In Italy, the agency acquired Pro Ad Services, a sales promotion, direct response and interactive marketing agency. TBWA also created the Digerati Program, dedicated to raising employee awareness, comfort and competency with the Internet and digital technology. The program, initiated in Los Angeles in October 1999, will be implemented throughout the network in 2000.
GSD&M was named Adweek’s Southwest Agency of the Year for its creative work and client wins, including Dreamworks SKG and SBC Communications. GSD&M was also listed among Advertising Age’s top national agencies.
Martin Williams received creative award recognition for its work for Coleman, Catholic Charities, Rubbermaid and Target.
Goodby Silverstein & Partners significantly expanded its client roster with, among others, Discover Card, E*Trade, Polaroid Kids and travelscape.com. The agency also increased its business with Hewlett Packard and Dreyer’s Ice Cream.
Notable advertising from the agency included work for Cracker Jack, E*Trade, Pacific Bell and

 Discover Card. USA Today selected the agency’s “Lizards” campaign for Budweiser as the Super Bowl’s best commercial of all-time.
Early in 2000, we established a new subsidiary, Omnicom Media Group (OMG), to manage our many media services assets. OMG has since aligned our media planning and buying companies into two international media-service networks, one called OMD, and the other PhD.
At OMD, which was already a major international force, the change meant expanding into the U.S. market by combining the domestic programming research and broadcast media buying activities of our global advertising networks into OMD USA. OMD is now a truly global media- services company, with about $14 billion in media billings.
PhD is an entirely new network that combines Omnicom’s independent media specialist companies, including Advanswers and Creative Media in the United States; HYPN in Canada and New PhD in the UK (which was named UK media agency of the year). The new network will enable us to accommodate a very broad array of clients. PhD handles nearly $3 billion in media billings.
Clients, increasingly, are consolidating their media buying at companies that specialize in media services only. Our new structure is a key strategic initiative that anticipates further development of this trend. We offer clients the choice of two high-caliber international media networks, each with its own distinct character of service. OMD was built on the heritage and global scale of our advertising agencies, and the PhD network is a culture of independent and entrepreneurial media specialists.
Marketing Services and Specialty Communications Brands
With over 100 separately branded companies under its umbrella, Diversified Agency Services (DAS) is the largest component of Omnicom Group. DAS has experienced significant growth since it was founded in 1986, with operations across 28 marketing services and specialty communications categories and over 13,000 employees.
To support its growth, DAS made several management changes in 1999. Reporting to DAS Chairman-CEO Thomas L. Harrison is Michael Birkin, Worldwide President of DAS, who has relocated to New York from London. Anthony Wreford, who for 10 years has been a consultant to Omnicom and DAS as well as companies such as McKinsey, Lehman Brothers and Nike, was named President and Chief Executive of DAS Europe. In addition, Carmen Baez was named President of Latin America where DAS public relations, direct response and branding companies now have 69 offices in 17 countries.
In 1999, Mercedes-Benz of North America entered into a strategic marketing alliance with DAS covering the full range of marketing communications for Mercedes-Benz in the U.S. Merkley Newman Harty was named the lead agency on the account. Other DAS agencies involved include Alcone Marketing Group, the Designory, Footsteps, GMR Marketing, Kaleidoscope Creative and Rapp Collins Worldwide.
Merkley Newman Harty (MNH) also formed an alliance with direct-to-consumer healthcare agency Consumer Healthworks (CHW) calling for the merger of CHW’s operations with MNH this year. This unit will capitalize on the explosive growth in client spending for direct-to-consumer marketing services in the healthcare industry.
Omnicom has established the leading global healthcare franchise. In the United States, we own 10 healthcare ad agencies, three of which are in the top 20 as ranked by Medical Advertising News. As a group, our agencies work for more than 40 of the top 50 pharmaceutical manufacturers. In 1999, DAS acquired a minority position in SCIREX, a contract research organization. This acquisition was the first of its kind in our industry and will provide earlier entrée by DAS agencies in the brand development and commercialization process.
Public relations has become the largest business component of DAS, with three of the top seven worldwide public relations networks – Fleishman- Hillard, Ketchum and Porter Novelli International. Fleishman-Hillard, the largest agency in the United States in terms of revenues, was also named Agency of the Decade by Inside PR. Fleishman-Hillard acquired UpStart Communications and Lois Paul, both companies primarily focused on high- technology marketing and public relations. Ketchum began implementing an internal digital business initiative to transform how its professionals work with one another, deliver client service and engage in the practice of public relations in the digital economy. Through Copithorne & Bellows and Porter Novelli, DAS formed the Porter Novelli Convergence Group, which focuses on technology-based public relations business.
The DAS public relations portfolio also includes Brodeur Worldwide, Clark & Weinstock, Gavin Anderson and GPC International. In addition, in 1999, DAS acquired public affairs specialists McDermott O’Neill and Cone Communications.
Rapp Collins Worldwide acquired a 50 percent equity interest in Critical Mass, a Canadian based direct response Internet services company with offices in Chicago and Stockholm. Rapp Collins also formed Rapp Digital; an interactive agency that provides clients with a range of advanced electronic

 customer relationship management (e-CRM) services. Critical Mass is an integral component of Rapp Digital. The combination of the two makes Rapp Digital one of the top 20 interactive agencies.
Customer relationship management is a major component of direct marketing strategies and customer research and web-based techniques are converging. In November, DAS acquired M/A/R/C, a database driven relationship management and marketing company using interactive web-based applications. M/A/R/C is one of the largest marketing intelligence firms in North America.
Also in 1999, DAS acquired a third direct marketing company, West Coast based Direct Partners, which is emerging as a major player in direct marketing strategic consulting and electronic customer relationship management using digital, web-based technologies.
As this letter was written, DAS announced the acquisition of Washington Speakers Bureau, which provides celebrity speaker services for the lecture circuits and for corporate management and marketing events.
Promotional marketing is another facet of customer relationship management and Alcone Marketing Group and The Integer Group performed strongly through their mix of services – strategic and tactical retail executions, database-backed incentives and loyalty programs. In the area of live event marketing, GMR Marketing continued to expand its breadth of client services. In the UK, Claydon Heeley had an outstanding year.
DAS also recently strengthened its global field marketing capabilities with a 40 percent investment in MarketStar, one of the leading U.S. firms specializing in the computer and communications industries. MarketStar will complement the CPM Group, which continues to dominate field marketing in Europe.
In brand consulting, Interbrand confirmed its position as a global leader in its field, with strong performances in all regions. A particularly exciting development for the company was the launch of its BrandWizard proprietary design system software.
Digital Brands
Omnicom established Communicade three years ago to serve as a sub-holding company for our investments in interactive, e-Commerce, digital design and technology companies. In 1999, two of our initial investments, AGENCY.com and Razorfish went public, and in early 2000, Organic and L90 issued their first public shares. Since January 1, 2000, we have significantly increased our investments in this high-growth area and
we presently own significant positions in public companies AGENCY.com, Organic, L90, AnswerThink and Razorfish. We also own positions in Red Sky Interactive, DASH.com, Nuforia, Post Communications, Replay TV, RecruitSoft, WML.com, and Critical Mass.
Several of these companies are featured on the perennial lists of top interactive agency brands. For example, Adweek named four Omnicom-affiliated companies (AGENCY.com, Organic, Razorfish and Red Sky Interactive) to its annual Top 10 ranking of interactive agencies for 1999.
Among our internal digital initiatives, DDB Digital was launched by DDB in 1998 and BBDO formed @tmosphere Interactive in 1999. Bernard Hodes, our recruitment agency developed Career Mosaic internally, an online job search system, and Critical Mass aligned with Rapp Collins to form Rapp Digital, an interactive direct marketing company.
As our reputation for leadership in the interactive/digital markets has grown, our Communicade team has seen a dramatic increase in the number of business plans and investment proposals we receive. Omnicom is widely regarded as the strategic and financial partner of choice by the creative innovators in this fast-growing and important sector. Clearly the pace of investment in this sector will remain robust.
A Balance For Future Growth
In summary, 1999 was a great year. It proved again that Omnicom Group’s mix of businesses can deliver a consistently strong performance for our shareholders. We matched our global financial and market leadership with global creative leadership. Our established brands are stronger than ever, yet our flexibility and capacity for change allows us to move quickly to capture emerging opportunities.
Our goal is nothing less than to remain the finest and most admired professional services holding company in the world. For that I will continue to rely on – and be grateful for – the entrepreneurial nature of our management teams and employees around the world and the faith and confidence shown by our shareholders.
Thank you all for being the true foundation of Omnicom Group.
John Wren
 