JOSE PH SCAMINACE Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Dear Fellow Stockholders
At OM Group, we remain committed to creating long-term, sustainable value for all of our stockholders.
Our strategy includes optimizing the performance of the Company's portfolio of attractive businesses, building out our existing growth platforms, and continuing to return capital to stockholders through dividend and share repurchase programs. We are executing on our strategic plan and taking the right steps to accelerate the pace of change throughout the organization. I am confident that the positive changes we are making will enhance our ability to deliver high-quality products, technologies and applications expertise to meet the evolving needs of customers, and create a highperforming investment for our stockholders. In 2014, we heightened our focus on improving the operating performance of the Company. During the year, we recruited new business leaders in four of our five business units, and completed a strategic review of our business objectives and path forward. As a result of this process, in early 2015, we announced decisive actions to create a more efficient global organization, align cost structures with market conditions, and enhance our competitiveness and performance. Our goal is to make a substantial, near-term impact to further improve our operations and financial performance, while advancing our longer-term objectives of organic growth and innovation. To accomplish these strategic objectives, we are drawing on the experience of our strengthened leadership team and collective ability to "think forward" and execute.

1

A TIME OF ACTION AND PROGRESS For 2014, we reported strong operating cash flows of $85 million, adjusted pro forma EBITDA of $113 million1 and income from continuing operations of $0.92 per diluted share on an adjusted pro forma basis. We
1

2015 and for which we expect to double profit within three years. This acquisition is an example of the value-creating, synergistic transactions through which we are seeking to build out our existing platforms. Given the challenges in some of our markets (most notably in Europe), we have identified competitive repositioning and cost optimization opportunities that we believe will deliver stronger financial performance, enable us to better serve customers and improve our competitive position in the global marketplace. During 2014, we began cost reduction actions in our Specialty Chemicals and Battery Technologies businesses. In early 2015, we announced further opportunities across the enterprise, including additional headcount reductions; site consolidations; relocation of certain operations; better alignment of various research and development, marketing and technical activities with customers' next-generation products and applications; and additional corporate cost reductions. In total, we anticipate our actions will drive annualized savings of $30 million to $40 million by 2017, at a cash expense of $50 million to $65 million. Another important improvement over the past year is our strengthened management team. In 2014, we appointed four new leaders of our business units who are accelerating the pace of change, including identifying growth initiatives and business improvement opportunities, enhancing our capabilities, and positioning the businesses for future success. We are confident that our business leadership team has the required focus, capability and experience to help execute our strategic plans and capture the value of the solutions that we are providing to the marketplace. We remain committed to maintaining a sophisticated, engaged and independent Board with a diverse set of relevant experience, expertise and backgrounds. To this end, two new Directors have been added to the Board ­ Carl Christenson, President and CEO of Altra Industrial Motion; and John McFarland, retired Chairman, CEO and President of Baldor Electric. Both Directors bring strategic perspective and extensive relevant experience in running international industrial companies with a focus on technology, innovation and maximizing stockholder returns. William J. Reidy retired from the Board after 12 years as a director, and we thank Bill for his distinguished service. Together, our Board and management team are committed to successfully executing the actions we've outlined and to creating long-term stockholder value.
1

delivered another year of strong operating cash flows to support the execution of our strategy, though profit fell short of our expectations due largely to weaker macroeconomic conditions in Europe that we are taking steps to address. We used our strong cash flows in 2014 to support reinvestment in our businesses, complete a valuecreating acquisition and responsibly return capital to stockholders. In the first quarter, we initiated our first regular quarterly cash dividend since 2002 and paid over $9 million to stockholders during the year. In February 2015, our Board of Directors declared a 10 percent increase in the quarterly dividend, raising it to $0.0825 per share. We also returned $35 million to investors in the form of share repurchases, and our Board authorized an additional $50 million of future repurchases. Through the end of 2014, we repurchased a total of $49 million in shares since initiating the share repurchase program in January 2013. Our disciplined approach to allocating capital reflects our commitment to long-term stockholder value creation, and the increase in the dividend underscores our confidence in our strategy and ability to generate continued strong cash flows.

We used our strong cash flows in 2014 to support reinvestment in our businesses, complete a value-creating acquisition and responsibly return capital to stockholders.
During 2014, we completed the complementary acquisition of Ener-Tek International, Inc., which operates under the Yardney Technical Products brand name and is a supplier of high-performance lithium-ion and silver-zinc cells and batteries for niche applications in the defense and aerospace markets. This acquisition, which is a great fit into our Battery Technologies platform, provides OM Group with an additional lithiumion foothold into critical defense programs that are expected to grow at attractive rates and enables us to better serve customers with an even wider range of innovative solutions. We are excited about the potential of this acquisition, which is expected to be accretive in

2

 These non-GAAP measures are provided to facilitate a comparative assessment between periods. Please refer to reconciliations for these non-GAAP measures, which are pro forma excluding Advanced Materials, in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, or in the reconciliation table on page 4 of this annual report.

THINK FORWARD: OUR GROWTH AGENDA Building on the progress we made in 2014, we are creating a high-performing investment for our stockholders, leveraging: · · · · · Differentiated business platforms serving attractive markets; Businesses positioned to deliver higher growth and margins; A highly qualified and engaged leadership team; Strong cash flows and balance sheet capacity to support execution of our strategy; and A balanced and disciplined capital deployment strategy. We will continue to work diligently toward this vision in 2015 and beyond. We have identified business improvement initiatives in each of our platforms to accelerate growth and margin expansion. To grow the top line, we are driving innovation across the Company ­ with a focus on increasing sales from new products, applications and markets. We will achieve margin expansion through a combination of

improved mix of higher value-added products, organic sales growth and cost reductions. With our strong balance sheet, typically robust cash flows and availability under our revolving credit facility, we have the capacity and flexibility to execute our strategy. We will continue to take a balanced and disciplined approach to allocating capital. Our top priority remains supporting our existing businesses with capital investments that will promote growth and provide attractive returns. We expect to leverage our acquisition program to identify complementary acquisitions that will accelerate growth in our existing platforms, as we did with the Yardney acquisition. And, finally, we will continue to responsibly return capital to stockholders, thoughtfully evaluating all capital allocation options and pursuing actions that create sustained value for our stockholders.

Magnetic Technologies is continually pushing toward designing and delivering co-developed, high-end solutions, where we have a distinct competitive advantage over smaller and/or lower-end manufacturers. In the automotive market, for example, we are leveraging our technology and applications expertise to develop innovative solutions including the highest-quality sensors for electric power-assisted steering, seat detection systems and fuel injection. Our products benefit from trends such as electrification of vehicles, stricter auto emissions standards, and industrial automation and efficiency, and we continue to focus on collaborating with customers to help them succeed with innovative new product technologies. In the short term, the current challenges in the European economy and increased competition from China in the permanent magnets product line have been creating pressure on this business, but we are confident that our competitive repositioning and cost optimization actions will improve effectiveness and performance.

Our Battery Technologies business continues to deliver the highest-quality solutions to the defense and space markets, while developing commercial applications in areas such as medical, commercial aviation and grid energy storage. We have begun building our new, state-of-the-art 100,000-square-foot Lithium-Ion Center of Excellence in Joplin, Missouri, to lead our efforts in developing and commercializing new products and applications in lithium-ion technology. In 2014, the Department of Defense (DOD) awarded $22 million to OM Group to expand our next-generation lithium-ion production capabilities and enable our participation in the Lithium-Ion Battery for Military Applications (LIMA) project. And we continue to add to our storied history in aerospace applications, as our battery technologies have contributed to every major U.S. space mission since 1958. In fact, we are proud to highlight that, during 2014, our batteries surpassed 2 billion cell-hours in space without a mission failure.

In Specialty Chemicals, we are focused on delivering high-value products, technologies and chemistries to customers in attractive end markets. For example, in 2014, we continued to capitalize on our strong market position in electronic chemicals for memory disk applications, which experienced increasing demand in mass data storage servers. We also continue to grow our high-valueadded Borchi® OXY product line in Advanced Organics. The Specialty Chemicals segment, with new leadership in place in each individual business unit, is finding success in introducing our higher-end technologies to new markets and customers. We expect this trend to continue in 2015.

3

OUTLOOK AND SUMMARY We believe our Company will benefit over the long term from our focus on products and applications that are aligned with global megatrends such as lithiumion technology, automotive safety and fuel efficiency, miniaturization of electronics, alternative energy storage, and medical device proliferation. We expect progress throughout 2015 as we execute our strategic growth initiatives and business improvement actions. We expect our progress to accelerate in late 2015 through 2017, based on the projected benefits of the strategic initiatives outlined for each of our businesses along with our actions to optimize our cost structure. OM Group is built on a strong portfolio of valueadded businesses in attractive niche markets with tangible improvement opportunities; a strong balance sheet and cash flows; and quality leadership, including a highly qualified and engaged management team

and Board of Directors. As we "think forward" and help you see the bright future that lies before us, we are confident that our actions will be successful in unlocking OM Group's full potential to create sustainable, longterm stockholder value. On behalf of our management team and Board, I thank you for your ongoing support and look forward to keeping you updated on our progress. Sincerely,

Joseph Scaminace Chairman and Chief Executive Officer April 2, 2015

Financial Highlights
(in millions, except per share data)

2013 $1,158 $ 41 $ 51 $121 $ 38 $ (2.27) $1.20 $ 63

2014 $1,068 $(165) $ 46 $ 113

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS
(in millions of dollars)

Net Sales Operating Profit (Loss) Adjusted Operating Profit 1 Adjusted EBITDA1

85

63

Net Income (Loss) Attributable to OM Group2  $(72) Adjusted Net Income
1, 2

$(172) $ 29 $ (5.54) $ 0.92

Diluted Earnings per Share 2 Adjusted Earnings per Share 1, 2 Cash Flow from Operations

$ 85 13 14

RECONCILIATION OF ADJUSTED NET INCOME
(in millions, except per share data)

2013
2

2014 $ $ $ 22 (7) 29

Adjusted Net Income including Advanced Materials Less: Advanced Materials business Adjusted Net Income 1,2 Adjusted Earnings per Share 1,2

$ $ $ $

36 (2) 38 1.20

$ 0.92

 1

4

These non-GAAP measures are provided to facilitate a comparative assessment between periods. Please refer to reconciliations for these non-GAAP measures,   which are pro forma excluding Advanced Materials, in Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, or in the reconciliation table above. 2 From continuing operations and attributable to OM Group, Inc. common stockholders.

