I am pleased to report that, in 2009, we were able to create meaningful market value for our customers, employees and shareholders through the diligent execution of our established business strategy. And, while 2009 was a year of unique challenges given the recession that gripped global markets, it was also a year to demonstrate resiliency and seize opportunity, and we were successful on both fronts.

2009 Performance
In the first half of 2009, the significant drop in volume within every industry we serve, coupled with falling cobalt prices, Joseph M. Scaminace put tremendous downward pressure on our top line. As a result, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer net sales in 2009 were down 50 percent year over year. We responded to the economic environment by quickly taking decisive actions to mitigate the downward pressure on our profitability. Our moves, which included salary freezes, reduction in headcount and lower discretionary spending, were vital to our ability to not only survive, but to deliver sequential earnings growth in the second half of the year, creating meaningful momentum for the company as we entered 2010. Equally notable, we were able to implement these profit-enhancing initiatives without sacrificing product quality or reliability. Additionally, our employees did an outstanding job of maintaining safe work practices during difficult conditions. As a result, our lost-time accident rate dropped 53 percent in 2009 from 2008. Perhaps the greatest testament to our success in 2009 was our ability to generate cash from our operations. While both net sales and income in 2009 were well off year-ago levels, cash flow from operations nearly equaled the record set in 2008. Our total cash balance grew 45 percent to $355 million through a combination of working capital management and capital expenditure prioritization. A strong cash balance and the financial flexibility it affords are keys to funding our growth strategy while also making necessary investments in our operations. In the first quarter of 2010, we laid the groundwork for our future capital structure by replacing our credit facility, which was due to expire in December of 2010, with a new facility that will provide financial flexibility through 2013.

Transforming the Business
Since I became CEO of OM Group in 2005, we have remained committed to a simple, yet powerful, strategy for
creating an earnings profile that is both sustainable and predictable. Our growth hinges on continuing to transform our business to leverage our two key growth platforms, portable power and electronic chemicals. Our future requires our taking more control of our destiny through a market-focused approach of moving up the value chain and getting closer to customers. During the year, we continued to make steady progress in transforming and growing the company. Most notably, in December, we announced the acquisition of EaglePicher Technologies LLC, and we closed the deal during the first quarter of 2010. EaglePicher is a leader in designing and manufacturing batteries, battery management systems and energetic devices for the defense, aerospace and medical industries. The Joplin, Missouri-based company adds broad R&D and technical expertise in battery chemistries, which will be critical to our growth in battery and battery materials applications. Funding for this acquisition was provided by our existing cash and the new credit facility. The acquisition is another example of the disciplined and methodical approach we are taking to transform the business and accelerate our ability to create market value for our shareholders. As we emphasize our growing capabilities in portable power and electronic chemicals, EaglePicher represents a critical extension of our portable

power business in the same way our 2007 acquisitions enhanced our presence in the electronic chemicals sectors. Both acquisitions have brought strong management teams, with positive earnings and cash flow. And both acquisitions bring us closer to realizing the strategic objectives we have established. As you'll see on pages 8 and 9 of this report, EaglePicher not only adds market-leading technologies to our product line, but also provides us meaningful access to large and established markets such as defense and aerospace, as well as a platform to serve fastgrowing, emerging markets such as medical and alternative energy storage.

Our Strategy for Creating Value
Our strategy for growing the business and creating lasting shareholder value is based on three fundamental elements:  ·Leveragingourexistingcompetenciesinvalue-added offerings such as particle size control, surface modification and high-purity, functional organic and inorganic materials ·Broadeningourmarketreachandcustomerbaseinto logical market adjacencies, focusing on stable and highgrowth industrial and consumer end-markets ·Expandingourproductportfolioandtechnologybase, with emphasis on our two primary growth platforms, portable power and electronic chemicals





Outlook

As we enter 2010, while we've seen some very encouraging signs, there are many reasons to remain diligent. Globally, economies are showing signs of recovery, end markets have stabilized, and credit markets have started to thaw. Yet, even with the improvements we have witnessed in the macroeconomic environment, there are still reasons to be cautious. While demand in most of our markets has rebounded from 2009 lows, we have yet to see a return that approaches the levels prior to the downturn. Additionally, high unemployment and lingering economic concerns may continue to weigh on markets. Our challenge is to remain focused on delivering value to our shareholders by maintaining a low, variable cost structure while being measured and prudent in approaching investment opportunities.

In implementing the strategy, we will continue to focus on profit enhancement and operational excellence, which will improve productivity and safety performance, and create enviable financial flexibility for us. Likewise, we will pursue tactical and transformational acquisitions, with prudent evaluation and execution that will enable us to participate in high-growth markets and broaden our geographic footprint.

Our longer-term view is even more optimistic. We are in a great position with an expanding portfolio of businesses serving end markets with growing secular trends such as proliferation of electronic devices; need for clean, safe and reliable energy; and requirements for environmentally friendly chemicals and processes. Our balance sheet is constructed to fund growth, strengthened by our 2009 cash generation and our new revolving credit facility. And we have a Board of Directors aligned with the management team and employees in their understanding and support of our strategy. We know where we are going and are well on our way to becoming the type of organization I know we can be. On behalf of the men and women of OM Group, I thank you for your continued interest and investment in our company. We look forward to updating you on developments as we move ahead.

Sincerely,

Joseph M. Scaminace Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2010

3

