For a company that will mark its 132nd year in operation in 2014, we can point to many achievements since we opened our doors in 1882. However, I believe that one of our most important achievements is our enduring ability to focus on the future, no matter what conditions we face in the healthcare market and in the economy. Over the generations, we have been able to chart a steady course by staying focused on delivering long-term value and making investments that will serve us well over the long run.
With 2013 behind us, we accomplished most of the operational and financial goals we established for the year, and certain of these milestones illustrate our ability to move our company forward. We celebrated our first full year of operations in Europe with our Movianto team. Shareholders’ equity exceeded the $1 billion mark for the first time in 2013, and we made a record amount of shareholder distributions last year. Annual revenues exceeded $9 billion for the first time, and we reached our targeted revenue growth range on a consolidated basis, thanks to the hard work of our sales teams in the U.S. and Europe. We achieved this revenue target despite certain challenging macro economic conditions, including: lower rates of healthcare utilization, new healthcare legislation, and negligible price inflation
on medical products.
Despite these conditions, our Domestic teams
achieved positive revenue growth in the second half of the year. And, with new leadership in place at Movianto and the hard work of our European teammates, our International segment steadily improved throughout the year. I am pleased to report that the Movianto team achieved two consecutive profitable quarters in the second half of 2013 and improved operating earnings over the course of the year.
Last year, we reached another milestone by completing the last of the contract renewals with the major group purchasing organizations (GPOs). Putting this 18-month
  2013 Annual Report & Form 10-K
                 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, TEAmmATES, AND FRIENDS:
 “Together, our Domestic and International platforms are positioned to serve the two regions of the world where three-quarters of the global healthcare expenditure occurs –
the United States and Europe.”
2

                                                                                                                                                                                              process in our rear-view mirror enables us to fully concentrate on building our relationships with the individual GPO members – the provider hospitals and health systems who are our customers.
During the year, we also refocused our management teams so that we have the ex- pertise and resources dedicated to serve not only our healthcare provider customers, but our manufacturer customers, as well. Our relationships with healthcare manufac- turers are important building blocks for our future. Domestically, we provide valu- able services to our manufacturers such as warehousing, distribution, sales, invoic- ing, collections, and channel access to more than 40% of the acute-care distribution market. Internationally, where our primary customers are healthcare manufacturers, we provide a range of outsourced logistics services. With our legacy expertise and re- lationships in healthcare and our established platforms on two continents, we believe we are uniquely positioned to execute our vision of Connecting the World of Medical
TM Products to the Point of Care .
Finally, we continued our tradition of creating value for our investors with total shareholder distributions of nearly $80 million in dividends and share repurchases in 2013. With an attractive dividend yield and new share repurchase program, we have the strategy and the means to enhance our long-term value for our shareholders.
74%
of the global healthcare spend occurs in North America and Europe
 While there were many challenges in the healthcare market over the last four years, we remained focused on our future. We have invested more than $330 million in growth investments, including the acquisition of Movianto, an established, leading European healthcare logistics business. The investments we made over this period share a common focus – expanding our addressable market in healthcare and building our infrastructure to support evolving customer needs. For example, in response to a growing demand from manufacturers for logistics services, we invested in developing our healthcare logistics business. We also established a sourcing arm in Asia, which is supporting our three-pronged sourcing strategy – growing our private label, working with branded manufacturers and working with diversity suppliers. In addition, over this same time period, we distributed approximately $260 million to our shareholders. We firmly believe that these achievements over the last four years have put us in a much stronger position than ever before to embrace emerging opportunities in healthcare.
Turning to our financial results for 2013, consolidated revenues grew 2.3% to $9.07 billion, including revenues of $384 million from the International segment. Offsetting this increase in International revenues was a slight decline in Domestic revenue results, primarily resulting from the continuing headwinds we cited consistently throughout the year.
Adjusted consolidated operating earnings, excluding $12.4 million in pre-tax acquisition-related and exit and realignment charges, were $211 million, or 2.32% of revenues, which is an improvement of $4 million compared to the year before. The International segment narrowed its operating losses throughout the year by $4 million and reported an operating loss of $1.4 million for the year. The Movianto team did a great job in improving their performance under the guidance of the new leadership team. For the year, adjusted consolidated net income was $120 million, or $1.90 per diluted share, an improvement of five cents, when compared to the year before.
In looking back, we see that 2013 was another solid year of investment in our strategy to expand our reach into the global healthcare markets and modernize our platforms so that we may continue to adapt to changes in our markets and embrace emerging opportunities. With every strategic decision we make, we know we must also deliver long-term value to our shareholders. Part of this value
O&M’s domestic facilities are within four hours of
       90%
of the nation’s hospital beds
17%
of the U.S. GDP is spent on healthcare
   3
 2013 Annual Report & Form 10-K
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                    O&M made $80 million in shareholder distributions in 2013
creation comes from our capital allocation strategy. We are in the final year of a three-year, $50 million investment in upgrading and modernizing our information technology systems. This phased investment strategy is enabling us to improve our key systems and prepare for handling new types of business and services.
Another important element of our capital allocation strategy is paying dividends to our shareholders. In all, this will be the 85th straight year that Owens & Minor has paid a dividend. The ten-year cumulative total return for Owens & Minor of 214% exceeds that of the S&P 500 over the same period. Already this year, our board has approved a 4% increase in our first quarter 2014 dividend and established a new, three-year, $100 million share repurchase program. This share repurchase plan gives us an additional means of returning value to shareholders.
Also, as you can see from this year’s annual report, we are adapting our approach to the market in response to developments in the healthcare market and an evolution in our customer mix. Because we provide much more than traditional healthcare distribution services today, we are positioning Owens & Minor in the market as the go-to logistics provider for healthcare manufacturers and providers. Our new tag line
TM sums it all up: HEALTHCARE LOGISTICS. EVOLVED .
Together, our Domestic and International platforms are positioned to serve customers within the two regions of the world where three-quarters of the global healthcare expenditure occurs – North America and Europe. By expanding the range of services we provide and our customer base, we believe we are better equipped today than ever before to tap a larger portion of the global healthcare spend. This is an exciting prospect for all of us at Owens & Minor.
   Strategic investments have more than
doubled
With every passing year comes change. This year, I would like to welcome two new directors to the Owens & Minor family: Stuart M. Essig, the former chief executive officer and current board chairman of Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation; and David S. Simmons, chairman & chief executive officer of Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC. We are very pleased to welcome both gentlemen to our board. Stuart and David bring a new dimension to the table with expertise in global commerce and the medical device and pharmaceutical sides of healthcare.
O&M’s addressable market
  Shareholders’ equity exceeds
As we welcome two new board members, we also say farewell to the long-standing chairman of our audit committee. I would like to acknowledge the generous service of Richard Fogg, who joined our board in 2003 and who has been our audit committee chairman since 2006. Dick Fogg has been a steady leader and expert resource for the company throughout his time on our board. We deeply appreciate the work he has done for Owens & Minor and the guidance he has provided. I want to personally thank Dick for his many contributions to Owens & Minor and for his friendship. I know I speak for all of us, when I wish him well as he retires from our board after our Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in May.
I would also like to thank Jim Bierman for stepping into the role of president of Owens & Minor last year. Jim took on this significant new responsibility with great enthusiasm and has done an admirable job of preparing our company and our teammates for the opportunities ahead. In addition, Randy Meier joined Owens & Minor as our new chief financial officer, and his considerable experience in operating global healthcare products businesses is strengthening our efforts.
Every day, we serve thousands of healthcare provider and manufacturer customers in the United States and in Europe. We work hard to expand our business, improve our earnings power and deliver value to shareholders. Our success depends directly on
$1,000,000,000
4
 2013 Annual Report & Form 10-K
 
 our 6,700 teammates stationed in the United States, Europe and Asia. Their hard work is the foundation of our success today, but their teamwork, expertise and energy will make an even greater impact as we prepare for our future. I commend them for their enthusiastic commitment to Owens & Minor. Our teammates are also generous volunteers, giving their time, energy and talent to serving the needs of our communities. Each year, our teammates participate in a wide range of community events, raising money and donating time to various community service organizations such as food-banks, veterans’ organizations, and schools in need. Our teammates place great value on making a positive impact in our communities.
In closing, I would like to thank our shareholders, provider and manufacturer customers, and business partners for their ongoing support of Owens & Minor. And, I especially want to thank our teammates in the U.S., Europe and Asia, who serve our company with such dedication every day. I am convinced that every great success is the result of teamwork, and that is what we celebrate every day at Owens & Minor.
Best wishes for a great year to come,
Craig R. Smith
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
“I am convinced that every great success is the result of teamwork, and that is what we celebrate every day at Owens & Minor.”
O&M U.S.
• Medical Devices
• Buy-Sell
• ProviderCustomers • OrderAggregation • UtilizedDelivery
O&M Europe
• RX/Biotech
• Fee-for-Service
• Manufacturer Customers
• ColdChain/ Controlled
Substances
O&M Asia
• Sourcing
• Product Quality
• Regulatory Compliance
• Manufacturer Qualification
• Price,Logistics
5 2013 Annual Report & Form 10-K
