Letter to Shareholders
Craig R. Smith President &
Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholders, Teammates, and Friends:
Another year has passed for Owens & Minor, and as we open the door to 2007, we proudly begin the celebration of our 125th anniversary.We have come a long way from supplying the 19th-century citizens of Richmond,Virginia, with tonics and elixirs.Today
we are the market leader
in serving the needs of
the nation’s hospitals with unmatched distribution services, advanced supply- chain management tech- niques, clinical inventory management, technology innovation, and outsourcing and consulting services.
    
“I am very proud that Owens & Minor has made its
125-year journey without sacrificing what is most important — our culture.”
In today’s fast-paced economy, it is a real milestone to reach a 125th anniversary with essentially the same company name and the enduring leadership of the founding family — in our case, the Minor family. But we have done more than just survive, we have thrived. Owens & Minor is now the leading distributor of medical and surgical supplies to the nation’s acute-care market.We have been recognized in recent years for our technology leadership and for our ethical business practices.
Over the years, we have worked every day to fulfill an important element of our mission, vision and values — delivering long-term value to our shareholders. Some years may be more difficult than others, but we know that our performance over the long term has benefited our investors.The year 2006 was no exception.Though we faced some obstacles along the way, it was a good year for our shareholders.With a closing price on December 29, 2006, of $31.27, we saw a 14% improve- ment in our share price over the previous year. Our total return for the year was 16%, while our five-year total return was 13%.
Looking back at 2006, we saw significant activity in just about every area of our company.We moved into a new Home Office.We refinanced $200 million in bonds at a more favorable rate.We renewed agreements with two of our important GPO partners.We renegotiated our out- sourcing arrangement with Perot Systems Corporation.We weathered some storms in our direct-to-consumer business. Organic revenue growth was the strongest we have reported in at least ten years, and late in the year we acquired the acute-care business of McKesson Medical- Surgical Inc. All of this activity sets the stage for us in 2007 and 2008 to focus on serving our customers, improving our processes, creating better services and growing our company. Our teammates, new and veteran alike, are focused on delivering the difference for our customers.
We began the year by moving to our new Home Office facility, which finally allows our team to work under one roof. Designed with suggestions from our teammates, the building gives us all a comfortable, collaborative work environment that facilitates our culture of teamwork.The new
Back in 1882, Owens & Minor served the healthcare industry from a storefront in downtown Richmond,Virginia.
The Owens & Minor company baseball team of 1907 was a great example of early teamwork.
Using a fleet of leased trucks, Owens & Minor serves hospitals around the nation.
Annual Report 2006
 3
    
 Running an efficient warehousing system is as important today, as it was several generations ago.
Owens & Minor embarked on a period of rapid growth after the acquisition of the Bodeker Drug Company in 1955.
Once a drug wholesaler, Owens & Minor now concentrates on the distribution of medical and surgical supplies.
Owens & Minor began trading on the NYSE under the symbol OMI in1988.
building also houses a real campus for Owens & Minor University, or OMU. This in-house training facility now has sufficient classrooms and meeting space for large and small groups of students.We are very pleased that OMU is now extending its course offerings to our customers, providing classes in supply-chain management.
We refinanced $200 million in bonds at a more favorable rate in April 2006, lowering the borrowing rate from 8.5% to 6.35%. For this bond issue, we were given investment grade ratings from Fitch Ratings and from Standard & Poor’s consistent with our existing corporate credit rating.
We renewed agreements with two of our important GPO partners, Novation and Broadlane, and completed the associated customer sign-ups during the year.Along with a new Premier contract signed late in 2005, we now have agreements in place for approximately 70% of our business.
By extending our agreement with Perot Systems Corporation in 2006, we cemented our information technology (IT) outsourcing relationship until 2014 and committed to an important mainframe migra- tion project that will improve our flexibility and capacity for growth. Perot Systems also played a crucial role in the fourth quarter, as we began the conversion of the acquired McKesson business, by helping us link our systems to those of our new customers.
Unfortunately, we experienced some stormy weather with our direct-to-consumer business, following a period of rapid growth. After adding teammates with expertise in day-to-day operations and accounts receivable portfolio management, we discovered the need to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts receivable for this effort.Although we were disappointed with third and fourth quarter results, we are now focused on daily blocking and tackling, which allows us to efficiently run the business.We have become the third largest player in the direct-to- consumer mail-order diabetes supply sector in less than two years.
We are extremely excited about the acquisition of the McKesson acute-care business.We anticipate that it will add in excess of $900 million in new business. At this writing, we are on schedule with our aggressive, six-month conversion plan, under which we are paying McKesson to serve our new customers until they are transitioned to Owens & Minor. With this important acquisition, Owens & Minor is now the leading provider of medical and surgical supply distribution to the acute-care sector. This added scale and volume will allow us to operate even more
 4
Annual Report 2006
   
efficiently and effectively once the conversion is completed.With the McKesson acquisition and the re-signing of much of our business, we are well positioned to work with our hospital customers and suppliers to improve the cost and efficiency of the healthcare supply chain. In turn, executives of large healthcare systems know that by working with Owens & Minor, they have the opportunity to collaborate with a trusted partner to reach their supply-chain goals.
I am very proud that Owens & Minor has made its 125-year
journey without sacrificing what is most important — our culture.We were founded on the principles of business integrity, exceptional customer service, and caring for our teammates and our communities. Even today, in our fast-paced digital world, we take time to care for our customers
and celebrate our teammates and their successes.We have been very fortu- nate over the years — through good times and bad, through highs
and lows — to effectively manage our company with the highest ethics and integrity, and to provide real value for our shareholders.This continues to be our culture and way of life here at Owens & Minor.We manage
our business for the long term and intend to do so for another 125 years. Happy Anniversary, Owens & Minor!
Sincerely,
Craig R. Smith
President & CEO Owens & Minor
 By upgrading our distribution centers and deploying technology throughout, we have developed a highly efficient warehousing system.
Owens & Minor believes in supporting the communities it serves and encourages teammates to volunteer
with a variety of organizations.
In 2006, we acquired the acute-care business of McKesson Medical-Surgical Inc.
Owens & Minor moved into its new Home Office in 2006.
Annual Report 2006
 5
    