Dear Shareholders,
2
Teammates, Customers, Suppliers
We are in the business of creating and distributing value. We did an out- standing job of doing just that in 2000. Shareholders received a 98.5% increase in share price and a stronger balance sheet. Customers received the best service this industry has to offer and innovative technology to support it. Suppliers received a proactive effort to make our business together more efficient, and teammates received a share of the profits and the care and respect they richly deserve.
Sales were $3.5 billion, up 10 percent from sales of $3.2 billion in 1999. This was a record for the company. Earnings per diluted common share before restructuring were $0.93, up 16 percent from the year before.
We accomplished our sales, profit and asset management goals for the year. We completed the conversion of Medix by mid-year; we grew our business profitably; and we improved productivity throughout the company. Our successes show that the technol- ogy we have invested in is working and is making a difference for us and our customers.
 We did all this with the greatest team in the world. As our company has grown we have worked hard as a team to preserve the values that drive our compet- itive spirit. Values such as integrity, respect for each other, super service, and trust in our customers and suppliers dominate every day. This foundation, and our nur- turing culture, coupled with an indomitable spirit and a will to win honorably gives us an edge in the marketplace.
Financial Results
Sales were $3.5 billion, up 10 percent from sales of $3.2 billion in 1999. This was a record for the company. Earnings per diluted common share for the year were $0.93, up 16 percent from 1999. Net income for 2000 was $32.7 million compared to $27.4 million in 1999, an increase of 19 percent. These compar- isons, and all of the other full year com- parisons in this letter, exclude the effects of $0.4 million and $0.6 million after-tax restructuring credits taken in the second quarters of 2000 and 1999, respectively. The 2000 results include a full year
of sales for Medix, which was acquired in late July 1999. Excluding the sales generated by Medix, sales growth was 6 percent for the year.
CostTrack is our activity-based man- agement system that employs a rational
   
   pricing matrix that rewards mutual process improvement. In 2000,
22 percent of our sales were on the CostTrack matrix, up 67 percent from
and Friends,
last year. We also grew our PANDAC® wound closure sales by 28 percent, leveraged by our recently formed medical specialties sales team. This team concentrates specifically on the operating room and clinical areas of the hospital.
Gross margin for the year was 10.7 percent of net sales, unchanged from 1999. SG&A expenses were
7.7 percent of net sales compared to 7.8 percent in 1999 as the company continues to spread costs over a larger revenue base. Operating margin was 2.4 percent of sales compared to 2.3 percent last year. Return on common equity was 16.5 percent, compared to 16.0 percent last year.
As a result of strong cash flow for the year, debt decreased by $47.3 million. The company’s debt
to capitalization ratio decreased to 40.4 percent at year-end, down sub- stantially from 47.2 percent at the end of 1999. The company’s focus on balance sheet improvement produced positive results for the year. Days sales outstanding dropped 1.6 days to 33.3 days in 2000 and inventory turns increased to 9.5 turns, up from 9.2 in 1999. Capital expenditures
for 2000 were $19.6 million, largely focused on technology initiatives.
Behind the Numbers
Our business plan for 2000 called for us to return to a growth track by raising our top line revenue growth with good solid account penetration, by using our industry leading technology to attract new customers, and by enticing direct selling manufacturers to use our effi- cient distribution network. We set out to improve our operating productivity throughout the company. Strengthening our balance sheet was another high priority for 2000. We accomplished all of these things.
where we would provide outsourced logis- tics services for the direct selling units of their business. We signed logistics agree- ments with Mead Johnson NutritionalsTM and American Health Products Corporation, a manufacturer of a wide variety of med- ical gloves. These projects are in various stages of implementation and should all be operational by the end of 2001. During the year, we won acclaim
for the development and use of leading- edge technology. Owens & Minor was ranked 15th in InformationWeek maga- zine’s annual survey of the most
Owens & Minor was ranked 15th in InformationWeek magazine’s annual survey of the most innovative users of information technology in the country, and number one among healthcare companies.
Our overall sales growth was fueled by strong improvement among our three major customer groups: Novation, Premier, Inc. and Broadlane (formerly Tenet-BuyPower). During the year we signed a distribution agree- ment with the Marketplace@Novation, becoming the first national distributor to join this online e-commerce venture. We also signed a strategic data shar- ing agreement with Premier allowing access to WISDOM, our industry-lead- ing Internet-based decision support tool. We continued to strengthen our partnership and grow our business with Broadlane.
In mid-year we announced our intentions to provide enhanced supply chain services for three different manu- facturers. The first was C.R. Bard, Inc.
innovative users of information tech- nology in the country, and number one among healthcare companies. Our busi- ness relationship with our technology partner, Perot Systems Corporation, continues to work very well by adding fuel to our technology initiatives.
Productivity measures are an indica- tion of how well we run our business in the trenches. Boring stuff? Nosireebob! Distribution is a pennies business,
and improving productivity is bread and butter to everything we do. We measure most ever ything, especially in the ware- house. We collect buckets of data and analyze our business from ever y angle. This has helped us understand how we fare in good times or bad. Let’s talk about how we have improved our pro- ductivity since 1998.
3
 
We are in the business of creating and distributing value. We did an outstanding job of doing just that in 2000. Shareholders received a 98.5% increase in share price and a stronger balance sheet.
In our business, everything starts with a line ordered. Since 1998, we have increased sales by 13 percent, and gross margin by 12 percent. Also, we have increased warehouse lines processed by 12 percent. During this two year period, we held constant the number of hours worked by our team- mates. This resulted in productivity gains as follows: sales per full time equivalent teammate (FTE) increased by 13 percent and gross margin per FTE grew by 12 percent. New internal warehouse technology contributed to this excellent gain in productivity.
Our success shows that the technology we have invested in is working and is making a difference for us and our customers.
Productivity improvement is the fundamental measure of success in our business. We do an excellent job in this area. Complemented by our technology investment, we expect to continue to improve.
Comings and Goings
During the fourth quarter, David R. Guzmán joined the company as corpo- rate senior vice president and chief information officer. He comes to us from Office Depot where he served as senior vice president, systems develop- ment. As CIO, David has taken on responsibility for all of Owens & Minor’s industry leading technology initiatives and will oversee the technology out- sourcing relationship with Perot Systems.
  A. Marshall Acuff, Jr. was elected to our board in December. He is senior vice president and managing director of Salomon Smith Barney, Inc. respon- sible for equity strategy as a member of the firm’s investment committee. Marshall brings to us a wealth of expe- rience in the financial markets and will be a great benefit to the company and our shareholders.
At the annual shareholder’s meet- ing in April, E. Morgan Massey will retire as a director. Morgan has served the company for the past thirteen years and has made a significant contribution. During these thirteen years, he has served on every board committee and currently chairs the strategic planning committee of the board. Morgan has helped guide us through some tremen- dous growth and a few bumps along the way. His progressive, aggressive and analytical mind has been a great source of strength. Thank you, Morgan, for a job well done. We will miss you.
The Year Ahead
Let us lay out for you in simple terms what we will all work very diligently to achieve in 2001. We anticipate sales growth in the 8 to 10 percent range. We anticipate the gross margin will remain in the same percent range as reported in 2000. We anticipate that SG&A expense as a percent to sales will con- tinue its downward trend. We anticipate continuing to invest in technology to maintain our leadership position in our industry, and we anticipate growing our earnings per share in the range of
4
 
 11 to 14 percent. We are off to a good start with the recent signing
of a five-year distribution agreement with the Baylor Health Care System in Dallas, Texas. Over the life of the contract, this represents the potential for $150 million in new sales volume for Owens & Minor. Overall, we expect another excellent year in 2001.
And Beyond
Distribution has been our business for 119 years. We are very good at it. We want to become the master distributor for healthcare, which means being the most trusted and reliable partner to our customers and suppliers for all distribution services. We want to remain the best service company in the industry; the most innovative when it comes to providing technology solutions; the most respected and trusted partner
in the supply chain. By doing these things we will grow our business profitably, we will help our customers and suppliers reduce supply chain costs, and
we will become indispensable
as a focused technology-driven partner. We see growth coming in healthcare with the baby boomers, and we plan to be a part of it.
Building on Strength
We are a determined lot. There
is a great deal of bulldog tenacity and competitive spirit within our organization. Both of us spend a great deal of our time on the road visiting with our teammates and
G. Gilmer Minor, III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of care. Our strategy fits right into the needs of our customers and suppliers. Our investments in technology have helped us be more productive internally, to provide information and management tools to our customers, and together we have been able to take costs out
of the supply chain through process improvement. We plan to leverage exist- ing assets such as our technology plat- forms, supply chain systems and skilled logistics expertise in the pursuit of new business as a logistics provider for our manufacturer partners. The strength of our company continues to be our peo- ple, our technology, our service and our focus on distribution. Our success this
year is traceable to our industry leader- ship in all these areas.
Thanks
Now it is time to thank those who helped make our year so successful. To our teammates,
we are grateful for your spirit, your tenacity and above all else,
your commitment to customer service; to our suppliers, we
thank you for being there again and again to partner with us in such a positive way; to our cus-
tomers, we thank you for the opportunity to serve you and to be a part of your team; and to our shareholders, we thank you for your loyalty and patience, as it
paid off in 2000.
We believe the best is yet
to come. Warm regards,
Craig R. Smith
President and Chief Operating Officer
our customers and suppliers. We listen carefully to their concerns and their ideas. We take their praise and cele- brate, but only for a New York second, because there is no room or time for resting on our laurels. We work on the feedback we get and we take the enthusiasm and goodwill, pass it on, and build upon it.
We have much to do in an industry that is beginning to turn around in a positive way. The hospital industry has toughened up, cut costs and, so far, has been able to maintain the quality
   5
 