 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS, TEAMMATES, CUSTOMERS AND FRIENDS
 G. Gilmer Minor, III
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Craig R. Smith
President and
Chief Operating Officer
We have grown our business profitably and given our shareholders excellent value. 2003 was no exception.
Financial and Financing Highlights
Sales grew a strong 7.2% to $4.2 billion. Less than 1% of this was inflation. Most came from increased penetration of existing accounts. Gross margin was 10.5% of net sales, down slightly from 10.6% last year. There is competi- tive pressure in the market, but we are working a plan to offset gross margin erosion. Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses were unchanged from last year at 7.8%, another remarkable achievement given the investment we have made in new people and new processes to support our new strategic initiatives.
Productivity gains, as measured by sales per full-time equivalent teammate, increased 7.6%, helping to hold down SG&A. Net income rose 13.5% and earnings per diluted common share were $1.42, an increase over last year of 11.8%.
Our share price increased 33.4% compared to 28.7% for the S&P 500 index. We increased our dividend 12.9% in 2003, and recently announced a 22.2% increase over the fourth quarter dividend for the first quarter of 2004. Our focus will continue to be on total return
to shareholders and outperforming our major competitors and the S&P 500 index, as we did in 2003 and for the past five years.
Asset management again played a positive role in our success in 2003. Accounts receivable days outstanding declined (this is very good)
to 27.8 days from 32.0 days at the end of 2002. Inventory turns improved to 10.3 turns com- pared to 9.6 last year. Annualized return on assets improved from 4.8% at the end of 2002 to 5.2% at the end of 2003. Total cash flow from operations was $94.9 million.
 2
We have just completed another outstanding year, a splendid and remarkable year in our book. We blended the new strategies introduced at the end of 2002 with our core competencies and company values to produce quality results. We grew the top and bottom lines; we balanced the working parts of gross margin, expenses, interest costs, cash flow, and asset management to achieve these quality results just as we have in the past. Certainly there were obstacles in 2003, but there will always be obstacles. Every business in America deals with challenges, but for us, we see more opportunities, more green fields, and that’s what we focus on—that’s the spirit of Owens & Minor and always has been.
2

Our share repurchase program, initiated
in the fourth quarter of 2002, was concluded after we purchased $10.9 million of common stock and $27.6 million of the then outstanding term convertible securities. Subsequent to
the repurchase, we successfully converted to equity virtually all, or $104.4 million, of these outstanding securities, further strengthening our balance sheet.
growth in the numbers of people requiring healthcare. Demand is high and growing. Funding healthcare has been strained by the introduction of new drugs, and devices and procedures that help extend the quality of life with less physical impact on the patient. One outcome of innovative new practices is the shift of surgeries from inpatient to outpatient with less invasive surgical procedures. Perhaps an oversimplification is that philosophically we have a choice. Do we want the innovative research that prolongs life and enhances the quality of life, or not? The answer is yes. We want a prolonged quality of life.
Given this framework of more growth and more cost, our role in healthcare is to partner with the acute care hospitals in America, to deliver care efficiently and at the lowest possi- ble total cost without sacrificing quality. Areas such as inventory management, information services, technology interfaces, internal logis- tics, transportation costs and clinical support have become our expertise, our focus and our commitment. We have invested in providing solutions to these growing challenges. We will continue to collaborate with organizations that are focused on these and similar challenges, such as our “best of class” manufacturing partners and other service and technology companies inside and outside of healthcare.
Operating Highlights for 2003
We were ranked first in InformationWeek maga- zine’s 2003 survey of the most innovative users of technology for the second time in three years. We also were the leader among all health- care companies for the fourth year in a row.
We opened the doors to Owens & Minor University (OMU) for the purpose of
* Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services: National Health Care Expenditures Projections: 2003 – 2013. Projections are produced annually by the Office of the Actuary at the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services.
Owens & Minor Total Return
 35.6%
1 year
29.7%
3 year
52.3%
5 year
-2.8% 5 year
  Standard & Poors 500 Index Total Return
28.7% 1 year
Some Industry Dynamics
-11.7% 3 year
By all accounts, healthcare is a growth industry. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services* projects that between 2002 and 2013 real hospital spending will grow from $486.5 billion to $934.3 billion, or 92%. This translates into health expenditures growing to 18.4% of
GDP in 2013, up from 14.9% in 2002. Wow! What an opportunity!
However, it seems that on the front pages of newspapers every day across the country we read about the rising cost of healthcare, the safety of healthcare, the access to healthcare, and the financial woes of some healthcare institutions. Go back 20 years and you will find similar concerns. Does this mean we haven’t made any progress? Absolutely not! Much
has been done to control costs and improve personnel productivity to extend quality care throughout the healthcare system, while continuing to provide uncompensated care
to millions. The variable that has changed is
  3

 becoming a better learning organization, to train and develop our teammates, and through training to enhance our productivity and cus- tomer service. For the nine months OMU was up and running full time, we touched over 1,000 teammates with classroom training, dis- tance learning, programs and seminars. We have already seen positive results, and our teammates have a thirst for more. We also introduced Six Sigma initiatives to focus on improving certain areas of our internal processes. We want to extend our efforts to include customers and suppliers. We have been aided greatly in our Six Sigma efforts by 3M, which provided us with early and ongoing guidance for Six Sigma, as well as resource support and training to get us going. Thank you very much, 3M.
We introduced three strategic initiatives for 2003 and beyond:
First, we set out to improve the offering of our core distribution. This is our “bread and butter,” and we freshened it with a renewed focus on our technology offerings, more train-
technology programs such as WISDOM2 SM. Under the leadership of Mark Van Sumeren, Senior Vice President, OMSolutionsSM, and Tim Gill, Operating Company Vice President, OMSolutionsSM, we ended the year with 24 out- sourcing accounts, 43 consulting agreements and 22 WISDOM2 SM agreements. Mission accomplished for the year!
Third, our third party logistics model
has been slower to evolve than we originally thought. We have redirected our focus to con- centrate on healthcare providers. This effort will enhance our offerings to our customers, allowing them to more efficiently channel products they are now buying direct from manufacturers through our distribution system. We are also providing a service to manage inbound and outbound freight for our cus- tomers to lower their transportation costs.
We are confident this refocused direction
will bear fruit. Mission to be accomplished!
Worthy of note are two new relationships that increased our sales. We announced a five-year contract with HealthTrust Purchasing Group LP to pursue business relationships with its membership. We signed an estimated $100 million in new business from this contract, which is expected to be fully implemented by June 2004. Also, through OMSolutionsSM, we signed a comprehensive five-year distribution and outsourcing agreement with The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, ranked as the best pediatric hospital in America by U.S. News & World Report and Child magazines. This agree- ment provides process improvement targets and benchmarking to measure cost savings and the effectiveness of our state-of-the-art technology tools.
We also entered into a very innovative strate- gic logistics partnership with the Department of Defense to cross dock medical supplies bound for Europe, Iraq, Afghanistan and other points in the Middle East. Together, we created a sin- gle military air bridge to the Middle East and
 Warehouse Lines Per Hour
15.2
ing and development of our sales team, improved customer service, and
the introduction of MediChoice®, our one-year-old private label line. In addition, our focus on efficiency and internal process improvement has led to steadily improving warehouse lines picked per hour. Mission accom- plished for the year!
Second, OMSolutionsSM was created to provide
14.7 13.6
   4
’01 ’02 ’03
supply chain management consulting and implementation services such as outsourced materials management, integrated operating room supply management, clinical inventory management and the implementation of our

 Europe to efficiently expedite supplies to our troops. This logistics solution has worked very well and could become a model for advanced supply chain initiatives in the future.
Community Outreach
For 122 years, Owens & Minor has been in the business of caring, caring about our teammates, suppliers, shareholders and the communities we serve. From our Home Office in Richmond and 41 locations throughout the United States, Owens & Minor teammates take active roles in their communities. They are involved in feed- ing the homeless, school reading programs, delivering meals to shut-ins, Special Olympics and serving on community boards. Other organizations where Owens & Minor has played an active role include the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation, Salvation Army Shoe Fund, National Kidney Foundation, YWCA Women’s Shelter, a number of cancer
research centers and the Virginia Healthcare Foundation. By volunteering we have devel- oped a spirit of camaraderie second to none.
We partner in our community outreach with Perot Systems, just as we partner with them in business. This nearly doubles our ability to make an impact through volunteerism. We are a team in all respects. Teammates love to feel they make a difference, and what happens in the community is reflected in their attitudes at work. Community building is team building at its utmost.
More Management Strength
In early August, Mark A. Van Sumeren
joined Owens & Minor as Senior Vice President, OMSolutionsSM. Mark was a Vice President at Cap Gemini Ernst & Young, and a former partner at Ernst & Young. He is a twenty-four-year veteran in healthcare. His leadership ability, reputation as a consultant and his remarkable energy have already made a positive impact for us.
Looking Ahead
It’s very exhilarating to close a great year and begin a new one. However, retrospection is enjoyable for all of a New York second, because the beat goes on and there are more fields to conquer and hills to climb. This business of healthcare is growing, and we are right in the middle of it. We have continued to change, adapting to the times, knowing what our
role is, and listening to our customers, always as a leader.
The character traits of our company that will keep us in the lead include our determina- tion to be the best, our uninterrupted passion to fulfill our customers’ needs, the hearts of our teammates who show up every day, rain
or shine, with smiles on their faces, and an indomitable “will to win” spirit. This is
Owens & Minor, past, present and future.
The future beckons and we are ready. We know where we want to go and how to get there. Come on along for an exciting and enjoyable ride. After all, you are part of
our team!
We want to extend our gratitude to our customers and suppliers, our teammates and shareholders, and our many friends in and out of the industry for being there for us, always. Let’s keep a good thing going.
Warm regards,
G. Gilmer Minor, III
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Craig R. Smith
President & Chief Operating Officer
  5
