                 to our ShareholderS Dear Shareholders, Teammates, and Friends:
As we mark Owens & Minor’s 131st anniversary management partner of choice for many of the most sophisticated
this year, we will also celebrate a significant step
forward. In 2012, we opened the doors to a global marketplace and new opportunities for growth with the acquisition of the majority of the Movianto Group (Movianto). This pan-European, healthcare-focused, third-party logistics provider gives us an established platform in a segment of the healthcare market that represents an untapped opportunity for us. Of course, we know that the economies across Europe have endured a protracted downturn, but we also know that Europe is a significant market for the global healthcare industry. Of the healthcare dollars expended on a global basis, approximately 74% of the expenditure occurs in North America and Europe. With our legacy business in the United States and our new third-party logistics service in Europe, we believe we are well positioned to capture opportunities associated with this concentration of healthcare spending, as well as a growing demand for outsourced logistics services in healthcare.
Throughout the year, healthcare utilization trends in the United States remained soft, providing us with less opportunity for organic growth. At the same time, the hospital market continued to consolidate, as large integrated healthcare networks acquired smaller hospitals and developed or acquired complementary service offerings, such as ambulatory service centers and physician practices. We have also witnessed our hospital customers forming their own alliances. With their larger size and geographic scope, these systems and alliances have greater leverage in the marketplace. However, with our wide range of services and expertise, we represent the supply chain
3
2012 Annual Report & Form 10-K
systems around the nation.
Our relationships with our manufacturer partners are
an important building block for our future. We provide valuable services to our manufacturers such as warehousing, distribution, sales, invoicing, collections, and channel access to more than 40% of the acute-care distribution market. We now also provide outsourced logistics services on two continents. As we move forward, we intend to work closely with the manufacturers who appropriately value our ability to provide the logistics services they need to take their products to market.
In order to provide enhanced services to our manufacturers, our leadership team and our board of directors made a pivotal decision in 2012 to acquire Movianto from Celesio AG for approximately $157 million, giving us business operations in Europe for the first time in our history. This third-party logistics platform consists of a team of seasoned supply chain professionals and 22 logistics centers, spanning 11 countries in Europe and serving approximately 600 clients, representing a wide range of pharmaceutical, device and other healthcare products manufacturers. We were very pleased to welcome the 1,700 Movianto teammates to the Owens & Minor family. Our teams are working closely together to fully integrate the business.
Ever since launching our domestic third-party logistics (3PL) business, certain manufacturers told us that while they wanted to partner with us, we would need to offer more than just U.S.-based services. The addition of Movianto gives us a broad portfolio of services and offerings that are fully
 
                 AT OWENS & MINOR, WE HAvE LEARNED TO TAkE THE LONG vIEW. WE kNOW THAT THE kEy TO OWENS & MINOR’S LONG-TERM SUCCESS IS FOR US TO STAy FOCUSED ON OUR STRATEGIC GOALS, WHILE OPERATING OUR BUSINESS TO THE vERy BEST OF OUR ABILITy EvERy DAy. WE HAvE LEARNED THAT IF WE TAkE THE LONG vIEW, WE WILL PRODUCE LONG-TERM vALUE FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS.
 From a storefront in Richmond, Virginia, in 1882, to a presence on three continents today, Owens & Minor is providing leading-edge logistics to the healthcare industry.
 In 2011, Owens & Minor established a foothold in Asia when it established Mira MEDsource, a joint venture for sourcing, in Shanghai .
complementary to our domestic third-party logistics business. In fact, soon after we announced the Movianto acquisition, inquiries from existing and prospective manufacturers about our expanded platform and capabilities increased.
Europe is not our only foothold overseas. We have also established our own product sourcing division in Shanghai, called Mira MEDsource (Mira). The Mira team has done an outstanding job in managing the selection of and relationships with companies in Asia. We are very pleased with the expertise of our sourcing teammates, who provide quality assurance, sourcing, procurement and logistics services. With their help, we will be better able to grow our MediChoice® private label offering in terms of both quality and quantity.
In our domestic business, we noted quite a few achievements in a very busy year. We completed contract renewals with two of our most significant group purchasing organizations. Facility and sales organization realignment actions in late 2011 and early 2012 yielded expense reduction benefits; and we completed the first year of a three-year information technology platform modernization investment. By modernizing our systems and aligning our network more efficiently and effectively with the needs of the market, we believe we can become faster, more flexible and more efficient. And, for a logistics provider today, those qualities are essential.
Turning to our financial results for 2012, we are now reporting consolidated results, as well as results for both our Domestic and International segments.
In looking at our 2012 financial results, we grew consolidated revenues 3.2% to $8.91 billion, including a
contribution of $177 million from Movianto. When looking at just the Domestic segment results, we see revenue growth of slightly more than 1% when compared to the year before, largely as a result of market utilization trends, lack of inflation and other macro economic forces. Consolidated net income for the year was $109 million, or $1.72 per diluted share. Once adjusted to exclude the effect of acquisition-related and exit & realignment charges in 2012, net income per diluted share (non-GAAP) was $1.85. Domestic segment operating earnings declined when compared to the year before, while the International segment reported an operating loss of $5.4 million, due to the cost of supporting underutilized capacity in the European network. With a new leader in place, the European team is intently focused on selling our services and achieving necessary expense reductions.
In any given year, a company faces challenges – some of them are easy to overcome and some are difficult. At Owens & Minor, we have learned to take the long view. We know that the key to Owens & Minor’s long-term success is for us to stay focused on our strategic goals, while operating our business to the very best of our ability every day. We have learned that if we take the long view, we will produce long-term value for our shareholders.
In fact, one way we create value is with our capital allocation strategy. We have always taken care to invest in our business and its infrastructure. For example, we are in the second year of a $50 million information technology investment strategy. But, we also place a strong emphasis on our dividend. Our board of directors has demonstrated robust support for our dividend, which we have paid consistently since 1930, and
2012 Annual Report & Form 10-K
4
  
                 74%
2x Over time, we have put in place strategic capabilities that more than double our ad- dressable market in
healthcare.
The World Health Organiza- tion estimates that nearly 74% of the global healthcare spend occurs in North America and Europe, markets now
served by Owens & Minor.
 Today, manufacturing, R&D, logistics and sourcing for medical products are global activities. We are proud to have a team working on our behalf in China.
 In 2012, we opened the doors to Europe with the acquisition of Movianto, a pan-European, third-party logistics provider with logis- tics centers in 11 countries and access to many others.
believes it is an essential element of our shareholder value creation. In looking at the ten-year cumulative total return for Owens & Minor, we see that it is nearly 223%, compared to 98.6% for the S&P 500 over the same period.
Operating our business successfully takes the commitment and cooperation of more than 6,500 teammates across the globe. I know, without question, that our teammates are the key to our success. They handle our customer relationships; they efficiently operate our distribution and logistics centers across two continents; they source our products; they handle and deliver billions of dollars worth of vital medical and surgical supplies; and they accomplish all of the complex back- office duties required of a publicly traded company. They do these tasks every day and every year in a spirit of enormous enthusiasm and teamwork.
Even after working hard all day, our teammates take time to volunteer in their communities. Across our network in the United States and Europe, our teammates volunteer to deliver meals, raise money for charities, help veterans and make sure that children have school supplies. Our teammates, who decide which groups to support each year, highly value these volunteer opportunities and feel strongly about helping the communities we serve.
In the coming year, we will see some changes at Owens & Minor. I would like to extend a special welcome to our newest board member, Martha Marsh, the Retired President & Chief Executive Officer of Stanford Hospital & Clinics. We believe she will make a strong contribution to the board based on her extensive experience in hospital management and the healthcare industry. And, we must say farewell to two retiring
board members: Marshall Acuff and Al Broaddus. Together, these two leaders contributed 21 years of wisdom, experience and knowledge to the Owens & Minor board. We salute their generous service and thank them for their many contributions to our efforts. I know I speak for all of us in saying that they will be missed.
Finally, our Chairman, G. Gilmer Minor, III, is also retiring after the April 2013 Shareholders’ Meeting, when he will assume the title of Chairman Emeritus. It would be impossible to list all of Gil’s contributions to the board, the company, the customers, the teammates, the communities, and to me personally. His tenure at the company has been a defining part of our history and most importantly, our culture. Gil’s legacy will endure, because while teammates may come and go, every single one of us knows that this is a company that plays by the rules and honors the success of the team rather than the individual.
Thank you to our investors, customers, supporters and teammates, who now extend from Richmond, virginia, to Shanghai, China. During my time at Owens & Minor, one thing has become clear to me – teamwork is the secret to our success.
Best wishes for a great year to come,
Craig R. Smith President & CEO
 5
2012 Annual Report & Form 10-K
  