                 Dear Shareholders, Teammates, Customers and Friends:
After joining Owens & Minor as president and chief executive officer at the mid-point of 2015,
I elected to devote my first 100 days to an intense immersion into our business. During these months, I developed a keen appreciation for our legacy in healthcare. For more than a century, Owens & Minor has played a vital role in connecting the world of medical products
to the point of care. After working through the immersion process with our board of directors and company leaders, we produced a transformation agenda that we believe will position Owens & Minor for sustained profitable growth.
Our healthcare industry customers—both providers and manufacturers—are facing unprecedented challenges. We must find innovative ways to serve their needs while also growing our company. As we move forward, we intend to act from a position of strength to create new services and point of care solutions to attack the complexity of the current healthcare system.
As we enter 2016, I am pleased with the progress we are making with our transformation agenda to re-position Owens & Minor as a global healthcare services company. We have launched initiatives designed to improve near-term performance and strengthen our value- added services for both provider and manufacturer customers. We are also investing in new global resources and capabilities, which will expand our healthcare solutions and position the company for long-term success.
Our transformation agenda has four key elements:
• Build and align the senior team
• Strengthen our domestic services business
• Enhance the execution of our current growth strategies • Develop future strategies
In my view, one of the most important catalysts for our transformation agenda was establishing the right team to lead our efforts, which are now global in scope. To that end, I made a number of enhancements to build and align our leadership group, bringing in new talent and changing certain leadership roles. I also simplified reporting structures and created clear lines of accountability. I am very pleased with our leaders and the progress they are already making toward achieving our goals.
As for strengthening our domestic business, we have taken a big first step by changing the
way we manage our domestic platform. We developed a new, simplified regional structure for sales and operations, which we began implementing in the first quarter. In addition, we are implementing enhanced standard operating procedures, and we are moving toward a shared services approach. These changes are designed to simplify the organization, improve our service to customers, and achieve continuous operations improvement—key goals for the future of our organization.
The third element of our transformation agenda is to enhance the execution of our growth strategies. A key component is optimization of our platform in Europe, where the team has made excellent progress in stabilizing the business, which spans more than 11 countries.
The O&M Movianto team is now well-positioned to focus on driving growth by developing new services and diversifying its growing customer base. An additional growth strategy is focused on optimizing the Clinical & Procedural Solutions (CPS) business. This global business unit focuses on the needs of provider and manufacturer customers by delivering custom-procedure trays and minor kits and trays used in clinical settings. ArcRoyal and Medical Action, which we acquired
P. Cody Phipps
President & Chief Executive Officer
  
in 2014, will play a key role in the future of this business. The CPS team will also expand and develop our global sourcing efforts, including the efforts of our Mira MedSource team in Asia. To date, we have made solid progress in these important growth areas.
The final element of our transformation agenda is to develop future strategies for sustained profitable growth. As a team, we will begin to tackle this goal later in the year. We intend to embark on a review of our business and our market opportunities in order to refresh our long- term strategic plan.
I am very pleased with the progress we are making with our transformation agenda, and I am genuinely excited by the potential that I see in our business. Our focus going forward will be on delivering consistent earnings growth, while investing in our business.
Finally, I would like to comment on our financial and operational performance in 2015. By working together and staying focused on our goals, we were able to achieve record earnings for the year. I commend our teammates for their efforts. This was a significant achievement, especially in the face of great change in 2015. Everyone on the team is to be congratulated for these record breaking results.
As we bring our comprehensive solutions to market, we know that our customers trust us to deliver the results they need. This trust is an important part of our commercial value in the market, and it is our responsibility to uphold the values that represent the legacy of our company. These values are timeless. We will work hard with integrity. We will support the communities that we serve. And, we will take care of our teammates. With newly energized leadership, a great culture, and a new plan for the future, we are well-positioned to drive sustained, profitable growth in the years ahead. Our future is bright!
Thank you to our shareholders, customers, and friends for your support throughout the year. Sincerely,
P. Cody Phipps
President & Chief Executive Officer Owens & Minor
 