 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS, TEAMMATES, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND FRIENDS
 G. Gilmer Minor, III, Chairman, CEO and Coach
For the first time we are breaking the shareholder letter into two parts. I will report on our position in the industry and the state of the company,
as well as other matters pertaining to the board of directors. In a separate letter in this report, Craig Smith, President and Chief Operating Officer, will focus on the results for the year, our strategic plan and future direction, and changes that are taking place in and around the organization.
STATE OF THE INDUSTRY
By any standard, healthcare is a growth industry. People may debate the degree of growth, whether growth is good or bad, or what the financial implications are to all of us. But, our population is growing older, and older people just require more medical attention.
I believe this phenomenon has begun to take place. I am hearing about more hospitals being at capacity more often, with emergency rooms over- worked and overburdened, and patients who need to stay in the hospital are sicker and stay longer. Surgeries, a bellwether for hospital activity, continue to increase, especially outpatient procedures.
There are many organizations and people working on the financial issues in the healthcare industry, which
won’t be solved easily or quickly. It will take all of us in healthcare, coming together, each of us willing to give up something and each of us willing to examine the whole picture, not just our individual interests. It will take bold leadership to get us there.
Intermediate and long-term care has been shifting to alternative sites for some time now. More and more patients will be treated at home, more comfortably, and at less cost. Makes sense! Our strategic direction of following the patient through the continuum of care is right on target for the opportunity ahead. I really like how we are positioned. The key for Owens & Minor will be to utilize our talents and expertise to earn an increasing share of this growth, and do so profitably. That is our goal. We have our eye clearly on that ball.
STATE OF THE COMPANY
We are the market leader for distributing brand name medical and surgical supplies to hospitals in the country. The traditional med/surg market potential is approxi- mately $13 billion, and with our $4.5 billion in revenue we have a market share of approximately one third. We also believe there is another $12 – 13 billion of sales opportunity in products that are not currently sold through traditional distribution. Our plans and programs are geared to tapping that potential, as well as growing our traditional business.
People like to do business with organizations
they trust. We have a reputation in the industry for our integrity, dependability, consistency and doing what we say we are going to do. These characteristics are part
of our culture, and our culture helps make us a great company to work for and do business with.
The vitality and innovation of our teammates never ceases to amaze me. There is a sense of urgency to continually reinvent our value proposition to our customers and suppliers every three to five years to make sure we are in touch with market trends. We are willing to try new things, such as OMSolutionsSM; to go in different directions, such as our recent acquisition of Access Diabetic Supply; and to reach out to non-tradi- tional partners, such as our technology partnership with Perot Systems, to create value for our shareholders.
We have a strong balance sheet made stronger every year by outstanding asset management. We have a well- documented track record of success in managing our inventory and receivables, which has allowed us to minimize our debt and generate positive cash flow from operations. Our debt to capitalization ratio was 31.1% as of the end of 2004, which has improved compared to five years ago when our debt to capitalization ratio was
 2 Owens & Minor Annual Report 2004

62.7%*. Cash flow generation has been a positive feature for us over the last five years generating an average of $36.8 million in cash flow from operations per year.
Our technology proposition, both internally and for our customers, is leading edge and noted as such by the number of awards we have been given. For two of the past five years, InformationWeek magazine has named us #1 out of 500 companies for being the most innovative user of technology in America. Our partner- ship with Perot Systems has given us the capability to provide solutions to help lower health care costs for our customers. Perot is critical to our success and we value highly our partnership.
We’ve also given our shareholders an excellent total return on their investment. For the past five years the cumulative total return on our stock has been 242.3% compared to the S&P 500’s five year total return of -11.0%. Included in our total return has been an aggressive dividend policy accentuated by dividend increases of 25.7% for 2004, and 18.2% for the first quarter 2005.
The state of the company is sound; our position in the industry sector we serve is strong and improving; and we know where we are going, how to get there, and we have the team in place to make it happen.
TRANSITIONS
Henry A. Berling, Executive Vice President, retired from the company on December 31, 2004, and will step down as a director this April. He has been a quiet, effective leader who has set a positive example for doing whatever it takes to get the job done right. He has been instrumental in the success of the company for each of the 38 years he has been a part of it. Thank you, Henry, for all you have meant to Owens & Minor and to me personally.
Craig R. Smith, President and Chief Operating Officer, has been nominated for the board of directors. Craig came to the company in 1989 as a result of an acquisition on the West Coast, moved east in 1992, and has been a key figure in the success of the company since then. He was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer in 1999, and has had his hand on the throttle ever since.
Vernard W. Henley is retiring from the board after 12 years of faithful service. He has been a stead- fast, dependable, insightful leader amongst his peers and a staunch advocate for our shareholders. He has seen us through many ups and downs but has always been there with his good advice and wise counsel. I am grateful to you, Vern, for your outstanding service to Owens & Minor.
Eddie N. Moore, Jr., President of Virginia State University (VSU) in Petersburg, Virginia, has been
nominated to join our board of directors. He comes to us with a strong background in finance having been the Commonwealth of Virginia’s treasurer. His leader- ship and vision at VSU since 1993 have been exemplary in every respect. He will make an excellent director.
J. Alfred Broaddus, Jr., former President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, was elected to our board of directors on August 1, 2004 immediately after his retirement from the bank. Al has great leadership skills also and an unparalleled sensitivity to the financial markets and monetary policy. He has been a very effective director. Al is on the ballot in the proxy for you to confirm the board’s actions last August.
A NEW HOME
In the first quarter of 2006, we plan to move into a new home office building fairly close to where we are now. We have been in our present location since 1989 and have enjoyed it immensely. But, we have outgrown our space to the extent that almost half of our team is across the street in a separate building. We all want to be together and that is the primary impetus behind this move.
In the new building, we will expand the space for Owens & Minor University (OMU) for our teammate training and development. We will also have a cafeteria for the first time ever. This might seem to be a small thing, but having a cafeteria will be a great convenience for us, great for visitors, and will provide an oasis for our hardworking teammates. Our partner, Perot Systems, will have its own space in the new building, whereas now they are across the street from our current location. We will also have a fitness center to promote better health habits amongst our teammates. Our
goal is to have the April 2006 Annual Meeting of Shareholders in our new quarters. I will keep you posted on future developments.
In closing, thank you for your loyalty to and support of Owens & Minor in 2004. Please come to our annual meeting on Thursday, April 28, 2005 to meet our teammates, as well as our management.
Warm Regards,
G. Gilmer Minor, III
Chairman, CEO and Coach
 * Includes mandatorily redeemable preferred securities as debt.
 Owens & Minor Annual Report 2004 3
