 Letter to Shareholders
Craig R. Smith President &
Chief Executive Officer
 2 • Owens & Minor 2005
 
 Dear Shareholders, Teammates, Customers, Suppliers and Friends:
I have had the opportunity over the last year to visit customers, teammates and supplier partners all over our great country, and
I heard a consistent message. Our healthcare customers are looking for cost-effective products and services, and programs that will improve operating margins, streamline supply-chain efficiency, and enhance quality of care. Our supplier partners are looking
to improve operational efficiency for our mutual customers and grow their market share. At Owens & Minor, with the help of our dedicated and knowledgeable teammates, we are providing the advanced supply-chain expertise, the tools and the technology to meet the objectives of our customers and suppliers.
A glance at our results from 2005 shows earnings and revenue improvement for the year, along with exceptional operating cash flow. A deeper look at our performance reveals ongoing success in working our long-term plan to increase operational efficiency, help customers improve supply-chain processes, and develop
new markets in healthcare.We continued to invest in training
our teammates so their skills keep pace with the rapidly evolving healthcare market. In 2005, we entered a new market — the direct- to-consumer healthcare distribution market—with the acquisition of Access Diabetic Supply, which markets diabetes testing and monitoring supplies direct to consumers in their homes.
Financial Progress in 2005
Our financial results for this year included revenue growth of 6.6% and earnings per diluted common share of $1.61, after a fourth-quarter software asset write-off. Operating earnings as a percent of revenue held steady for the year, despite the write-off and the impact of history-making hurricanes. As our company
 Owens & Minor 2005 • 3
 “A deeper look at our performance reveals ongoing success in working our long-term plan to increase operational efficiency, help customers improve supply-chain processes, and develop new markets in healthcare.”

grows in complexity, we will point to improve- ment in operating margin as a good measure of our success.
In 2005, gross margin improved compared
to the year before, thanks to success in margin- building initiatives, such as our direct-to-consumer effort. Our core business productivity was strong in 2005 with improvements in measurements such as lines per hour and sales per teammate, enabling us to keep core-business expenses under control, while we invested in our new direct-to-consumer effort, a higher- expense business model than our traditional business.
A very bright story for us in recent years, and again in 2005, was asset management. As
a result of strong “days sales outstanding” trends and good inventory management, our operating cash flow for 2005 was exceptional. In fact, over the last three years, we have generated nearly $300 million in operating cash flow. As a result of this strong asset management and a strengthened balance sheet, Standard & Poor’s upgraded our corporate credit rating to investment grade.
In some areas during the year, we could have improved our performance. Sales of our private label, MediChoice®, were strong compared to 2004, but did not quite meet our own aggressive growth targets. However, customer acceptance
of MediChoice® is strong and growing, and our team is committed to 2006 growth goals. And, while OMSolutionsSM, our consulting and out- sourcing effort, brought on a number of new engagements in 2005, the team continues to work toward its profitability goals. However, by collabo- rating with our traditional core business teams, OMSolutionsSM helped to generate an estimated $130 million in revenue for our traditional busi- ness.These areas will be among the targets of our short-term focus in the coming year, and we are committed to reaching our goals in 2006.
Investing in our Future
Looking ahead at our longer term goals, we will maintain our strategic focus on investment
in technology, margin improvement, advanced supply-chain solutions, teammate development, and our direct-to-consumer healthcare supply business.
Technology remains high on our agenda. We constantly review our systems, develop
technology solutions for our customers, and, when appropriate, acquire new technology. During 2005, we acquired Cyrus Medical Systems, developer of an implant-tracking soft- ware solution for hospitals. At the end of the year, we acquired Perigon, a software company that has enriched our data-management offerings with contract management and data-cleansing capabilities for our hospital customers. Because technology is a vital element of our business,
we were pleased to welcome Richard W. Mears to our senior leadership team as our new chief information officer. Rick, who came to us from Perot Systems Corp., has two decades of tech- nology experience in various industries and a recognized expertise in healthcare.
During 2005, we invested in our future with the acquisition of Access. Under the leadership of its strong management team, Access doubled its customer base in 2005, successfully integrated two small acquisitions, and made an overall positive contribution to our financial results.We are pleased to have this high-energy team join the Owens & Minor family. Looking ahead, we intend to leverage this direct-to-consumer sales platform to fulfill our strategy of “following the patient.”
We continued to collaborate with our business partners, customers and suppliers to improve our supply-chain efficiency and grow our capabilities in healthcare. Supplier partners, such as Tyco International, 3M, and B. Braun, are working closely with us to improve efficiency, grow market share and serve the growing needs of our customers.
Committed to Strong Core Values
In just over a decade, we have doubled our revenues and entered new markets in healthcare. Despite these changes, we have successfully maintained our positive, teammate- and customer- centered culture.We know our culture plays a significant role in our success. In 2005, we were honored for our efforts to support minority- and women-owned businesses with the 2005 Premier Diversity Recognition Award from Premier Purchasing Partners, LP, the purchasing unit of Premier, Inc.We were also honored with the 2005 International Torch Award for Marketplace Ethics from the Better Business Bureaus, which
4 • Owens & Minor 2005

 “Over the years, we have evolved from an exclusive focus on product distribution to an expanded focus on product, process and people. Today, we complement our products and product-moving ability with effective process-improvement expertise, which we offer our hospital customers every day.”
cited our “commitment to and demonstration of ethical practices in the marketplace.” Our core values — high integrity, belief in teammate well- being, superior customer service, supporting our communities and delivering long-term value to our shareholders—are the very foundation of Owens & Minor.We are steadfast in our com- mitment to these values.
We are looking forward to moving into a new Home Office building in early 2006, allow- ing our team to work together under one roof. This is a long overdue improvement, as we have more than outgrown the building we entered
16 years ago, when we were barely a $1 billion company. This new facility will improve efficiency, communication and teamwork, and will allow us to increase the classroom capacity of Owens & Minor University, our in-house learning center, giving teammates, customers and business part- ners even greater access to courses in business ethics, finance, sales and leadership.
I especially want to recognize and thank our teammates and hospital customers in the Gulf Coast Region and Florida, as well as teammates throughout our organization, who all worked tirelessly together during and after the hurricanes in 2005. Putting aside personal concerns, our teammates immediately brought our facilities back on-line after these disastrous storms and went above and beyond to serve our hospital customers. Meanwhile, healthcare providers in the hurricane zones bravely continued to serve patients despite the devastation.We were all impressed with the dedication and courage of these professionals.
As a result of my meetings with hospital executives, suppliers and teammates in 2005,
I am convinced that now, more than ever, Owens & Minor is in the right place at the right time to serve the growing needs of the health- care industry. Over the years, we have evolved from an exclusive focus on product distribution to an expanded focus on product, process and people. Today, we complement our products
and product-moving ability with effective process-improvement expertise, which we offer our hospital customers every day. We are also reaching out beyond the hospitals to individual healthcare consumers at home.
Looking back at 2005, I want to thank our teammates for their hard work and dedication— they are essential to our success.Also during
the year, our former chief executive officer,
G. Gilmer Minor, III, took on the role of non- executive chairman of the board of directors.
I am grateful to Gil, who has been a teacher
and mentor to me throughout my years at Owens & Minor. I look forward to working with him in his new role, as he continues as a coach for our teammates, a liaison to our cus- tomers, and an advisor to our leadership team.
As we move into 2006, I know we can count on our teammates across the country to ensure that Owens & Minor capitalizes on the growing opportunities in healthcare. Looking forward, we are energized, excited and dedicated to meet the challenges ahead.
Sincerely,
Craig R. Smith
President & Chief Executive Officer
 Owens & Minor 2005 • 5
