    ABOUT THE COMPANY 1999 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS COMPANY AT A GLANCE
Dear Shareholders, Teammates,Customers,
Suppliers and Friends,
 We had a remarkable and successful year in 1999. We fully restored our business, fueling our momentum into 2000. The results we achieved in 1999, especially in the third and fourth quarters, bode well for a more robust future.
We said we were going to restore our sales volume, and we did. We said we were going to maintain our profitability on the new business, and we did. We said we were going to maintain our industry-leading service reputation, and we did. We said we were going to invest heavily in solution-based technology tools to help our customers, and we did. We said we were going to improve productivity, and we did. We accomplished all this as a team of committed souls, all focused on serving our customers and working to improve shareholder value.
Shareholder value is of paramount concern to all of
us at Owens & Minor. At this writing, our share price is well below our expectations, and, we believe well below the inherent value of Owens & Minor. Through hard work and determination in 1999, we more than restored our reputation and market presence, and grew our profitability. We increased shareholder value on our balance sheet, and we feel we are in position to earn a higher valuation in the equities’ market in 2000.
THE NUMBERS
Our financial results for the year were impressive. The following results include Medix, which we acquired on July 30. As we expected, Medix had no material impact on earnings in 1999.
Sales increased 3.4% for the year and 20.1% in the fourth quarter. Without Medix, sales were up 0.8%
for the year and 13.4% in the fourth quarter. Virtually all major group contract purchases were up. The Tenet business conversion exceeded our expectations. Gross margin dollars were up. In other words, we
didn’t “buy” the new business to replace the lost business. SG&A (Selling, General and Administrative Expenses) as a percent to sales dipped to 7.6% in 1999, down from 7.8% for the previous year. In the fourth quarter of 1999, SG&A was $62.5 million, up only 6% from a year ago, despite the 20% sales increase. Getting SG&A down even further as a per- cent to sales is one of our highest priorities in 2000.
Earnings per diluted common share for the year were $0.80, up 7% from last year, and $0.25, up 25%, for the fourth quarter, compared to the fourth quarter of 1998. These comparisons, and all other full-year compar- isons included in this letter, exclude the effects of a $6.6 million after-tax restructuring charge taken in the second quarter of 1998, and a related $0.6 million after-tax credit taken in the second quarter of 1999. Cash flow was healthy and allowed us to pay down debt by $26.9 million, net of the Medix acquisition. We were able to reduce our overall financing costs for the year through strong asset management. At year- end, however, we employed more working capital to fund our sales growth and experienced a modest increase in days sales outstanding from 34.7 days to 35.6 days, and inventory turns decreased slightly from 9.8 times to 9.2 times.
Capital expenditures were $22 million for the year, reflecting the emphasis on our strategic decision to invest in technology. Productivity improved, as sales per full time equivalent employee (FTE) increased 7%, and gross margin per FTE increased 7%.
A REVIEW OF OUR SUCCESSFUL STRATEGY FOR 1999
At the beginning of 1999, we knew we had to rebuild our business and restore our profitability. Strategically, we decided to focus on what we do best.
       2
   
    CORPORATE OFFICERS BOARD OF DIRECTORS DISTRIBUTION NETWORK FINANCIALS
 Our core competency is that we are the most effi- cient distributor in our industry, while adding value by providing great service and technology-based solutions to help our customers.
We turned up the pressure on ourselves. We knew we had the best technology tools in the business and the best service, so we packaged our offering that way. Price is always a factor, but we were deter- mined not to give our value away. We earned the Tenet business, and then put into play the smoothest and most comprehensive conversion this industry has ever seen. Our annualized sales rate for Tenet at the end of December 1999, was over $250 million.
By mid-year in 1999, we began to see new sales earned in 1998 come on line as expected. In July, we acquired Medix, a medical/surgical distributor based in Wisconsin. This acquisition increased our market share, particularly in the Midwest, and added signifi- cant new customers, especially Consorta Catholic Resource Partners.
To manage our costs more efficiently we downsized some warehouses that had extra capacity and installed our CSW (Client Server Warehousing) system in all of our divisions. CSW has improved accuracy, information flow and speed in our warehouses.
We also reorganized our field management to take advantage of the ‘close to the customer’ strength we have across the nation. We divided the country into eleven management areas, increasing firepower in the field for sales, operations, technology and human resources.
We knew we had to manage our assets efficiently, pay down debt and lower our interest costs. We accomplished all three with hard work, planning and execution.
G. Gilmer Minor, III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Craig R. Smith
President and Chief Operating Officer
We also continued our work with suppliers, figuring out ways to take real cost out of the supply chain. This cross-functional team effort is very important to Owens & Minor, as our commitment to national brands increases our value to our customers.
Nothing we achieved in 1999 would have been possible without the efforts and determination of our teammates, who rose to the occasion time and again until we accomplished our objectives.
EXPECTATIONS FOR 2000
Our strategy for 2000 is aimed at growing revenues at 8 to 10 percent, while maintaining our gross margin, lowering SG&A, and improving earnings by 13 to 15 percent or more. If we can do all this, we expect our stock price to increase, consistent with our perfor- mance and the health of our market sector.
Our hard work in three strategic areas over the past year had a significant impact on our 1999 results, and we will continue to exploit these areas in 2000. The first is maintaining operational excellence, which means running our business so that we provide the absolute best service in the industry. Second, we
  3
  
    ABOUT THE COMPANY 1999 FINANCIAL OVERVIEW LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS COMPANY AT A GLANCE
We BelieveThat Our
Most Important Product
 I s O u r Wo r d .
want to convert information into knowledge into profits. We have done an outstanding job here with CostTrack, PANDAC®, FOCUS and WISDOM in help- ing our customers manage their businesses more profitably. (These Owens & Minor tools are described more fully later in this report.) Third, we want to follow and support patient care. As patients migrate to non-traditional settings for healthcare, we will be there to supply their needs.
E-COMMERCE OPPORTUNITIES
Owens & Minor is on the leading edge when it comes to business-to-business, Internet-based com- munications with our customers. In fact, we won recognition for our innovative use of technology in 1999 when we were named to the “E-Business 100” by InformationWeek Magazine, and when we won the 1999 Leadership in Data Warehousing Award from the Data Warehousing Institute.
We are working closely with our largest customers, health alliances and group purchasing organizations, to implement e-commerce solutions involving the collection and organization of useful data, as well as more efficient order processing. We have developed our own e-commerce capability for order processing called OM Direct. Over 200 customers have signed up with OM Direct, and we are processing orders at a rate of over $3 million per month.
Also, we are partnering with several healthcare Web sites, such as Neoforma.com (NASDAQ: NEOF) and medicalbuyer.comTM, to explore the value of small package distribution to new markets for Owens & Minor, such as physicians’ offices. We call our small package initiative “eMedExpress” (soon to be a “dot-com” site).
We are developing an open business-to-business, e-commerce digital platform with Perot Systems
(NYSE: PER) to process customer orders for multiple vendors through one portal. This initiative will pro- vide our customers with the ability to do business with multiple best-of-class strategic partners, while achieving back-office savings and efficiencies through a more disciplined process.
We look at e-commerce as an opportunity to grow our business. Even in the exciting world of e-commerce, the function of distribution must be performed. The question is who can do it best. The answer is Owens & Minor.
PROMOTIONS AND ELECTIONS
Owens & Minor proved again in 1999 that it has both strength and depth on its management team. We made a number of important promotions during the year that made us even more effective.
Craig R. Smith was named President of the company in April 1999, while retaining his position as Chief Operating Officer. Craig has generated tremendous energy and a sense of urgency to restoring our market presence, and he has clearly been successful in this important leadership post.
Timothy J. Callahan was recently promoted to
the position of Corporate Senior Vice President, Distribution, with responsibility for our entire field organization and distribution network.
Charles C. Colpo was named Corporate Senior Vice President, Operations, after working his way through our field organization and making his mark in many areas of the company.
Erika T. Davis was promoted to Corporate Vice President of Human Resources. Erika has done
a magnificent job helping our Human Resources team be a most responsive and helpful advocate for our teammates.
 4
   
    CORPORATE OFFICERS BOARD OF DIRECTORS DISTRIBUTION NETWORK FINANCIALS
In 1999, two new Directors were elected to the Board. Peter S. Redding, President and CEO of Standard Register, joined the Board in April, and John T. Crotty, Managing Partner of CroBern Management Partnership, a healthcare investment, consulting and advisory firm, joined us in July. Both Pete and John bring supply chain management experience and leadership to Owens & Minor.
AND LOSSES
In March 1999, Ann Greer Rector, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, passed away after a short illness. She was our friend, a gallant lady and truly represented the best of Owens & Minor. We miss her terribly, but her can-do spirit is a legacy for us all.
In August 1999, we lost our beloved Director Emeritus, Royal E. Cabell, Jr. Roy had just retired from the Board in April after 37 years of service. He was a mentor, proactive in helping steer the company to growth, sometimes through perilous waters, and a dear, loyal friend. His hearty laugh and broad smile will always be missed.
A NEW YEAR, A NEW CENTURY, A NEW MILLENNIUM
Owens & Minor has provided service to the health- care industry in three centuries. Our sterling roster of customers proves we are leading the way in our industry. Each year U.S. News & World Report com- piles an “honor roll” of the nation’s best hospitals. Of these top 13 institutions, Owens & Minor is the primary supplier to eight of them. We see this as evidence that we are doing things right.
The industry we serve is in the throes of change
as the government, third party payors, providers and patients battle over the quality and cost of care.
Yet, healthcare is a growth industry any way you look at it, with our population aging and medical require- ments accelerating. We believe our strategy of providing innovative supply chain answers, working with strategic partners like Perot Systems, and providing the absolute best-of-class service, not only works for us, but provides dynamic solutions for our customers. If our strategy weren’t correct, how else could we have come back so strong, so fast? Owens & Minor keeps changing and keeps growing by doing things right.
To our suppliers and customers, we are grateful for your loyalty and support as we all work together
in a very tough industry; to our teammates, we are grateful for your courage, your determination and loyalty as we delivered on our promises in 1999. To our shareholders, we are grateful for your continued support. It’s hard to be patient in this market, but we do feel patience will be rewarded.
Thank you all for being part of the Owens & Minor team. Warmest regards,
G. Gilmer Minor, III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Craig R. Smith
President and Chief Operating Officer
  5
  