  To Our Shareholders
Dear Shareholders, Teammates, and Friends:
From the boardroom to the operating room, Owens & Minor is known for making things happen, and 2009 was no exception. During the year, we integrated a significant amount of new business, made progress with our strategic initiatives, and invested in the company’s infrastructure. We also improved productivity and decreased our expenses as a percentage of revenue. Throughout it all, we remained true to the Owens & Minor culture by focusing on the well-being of our customers, teammates, shareholders and the communities we serve.
During 2009, we integrated more than $700 million in new business, including the acquired Burrows business, as well as a number of other new accounts. In one way or another, nearly 1,400 of our teammates were involved in transitioning these new customer accounts, which generated extraordinary demands and operational challenges over a short period of time. The heightened activity associated with the integrations made our positive 2009 results even more satisfying.
While we committed significant time and resources to integrating new business, we also remained focused on our strategic initiatives throughout the year.Among the projects aligned with our operational-excellence initiative was the installation of voice-recognition technology in 40 of our distribution centers. This voice-enabled technology allows teammates to work hands-free as they compile customer orders.We believe this technology will help to enhance productivity by increasing the number and accuracy of lines picked per hour in the warehouse.At the same time, we also installed automation equipment in distribution centers where we serve a greater volume of low-unit-of-measure customers.We believe our investment in automation will enable us to grow this high-touch segment of our business in a more profitable way. Our teammates ensured the success of these installations by quickly adapting to the new equipment and technology.
Another operational improvement milestone was the successful completion of our mainframe migration project. With this innovative technology strategy, we avoided a major ERP replacement project and, instead,
Making Things Happen for Our Customers.
   
   transitioned more than 20 years of proprietary business systems and information to a more flexible, faster, scalable Windows environment, without losing the integrity of business processes embedded in our legacy systems. Information technology teammates, along with many others in the company, spent countless hours in testing and fine- tuning the new system.The fourth-quarter conversion was a great success, and we intend to reinvest operational savings in enhancements to important customer-facing technologies.
During 2009, we also invested in the development of a strategic service offering, known as OM HealthCare LogisticsSM (OM HCL), which is designed to provide outsourced third-party logistics (3PL) services to the healthcare supplier market.We believe that OM HCL represents the most advanced, full-service 3PL provider devoted strictly to healthcare suppliers. Our OM HCL Team is beginning to onboard customers, has earned IS0 9001 and ISO 13485 certification, and is fully compliant with all cGMP regulations, important for suppliers whose products are highly regulated.With this order-to-cash offering based out of a designated distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky, we believe we can leverage our logistics expertise and our strong relationships in healthcare, as well as the latest in technology and supply-chain management techniques, to offer supplier customers an alternative delivery model.
In other areas, we continue our strategic focus on expanding our services to healthcare providers outside the traditional hospital setting. Initially, we are targeting the growing ambulatory surgery center (ASC) market, especially those facilities owned by, or affiliated with, our acute-care provider customers. As acute-care providers expand their presence in this ASC market, we intend to provide them with programs and services that efficiently meet their supply-chain needs.
With our strategic initiatives over the longer term, we see the potential to leverage our traditions, expertise and culture as we bring new supply-chain solutions to market.The supply chain doesn’t begin
Making Things Happen for Our Teammates.
   2009 Annual Report & Form 10-K 3
 
  and end at our loading docks, but stretches from the supplier all the way to the patient.With that view, we believe that our supply-chain expertise can play a significant role in creating a more efficient, cost-effective healthcare supply chain.At the same time, we believe these initiatives will contribute to improvement in our operating margins over the longer horizon.
During the year, we experienced double-digit growth in our value-added programs and services, including SurgiTrack®, PANDAC® and MediChoice®. We are very pleased that MediChoice®, our private-label brand, is gaining acceptance with customers, and we believe it will continue to play a role in improving our operating margins going forward.While these programs and services are designed to reduce costs and improve efficiency in the healthcare supply chain, we also provide advanced supply-chain management expertise to our customers through our OMSolutionsSM Team.
As for our financial results in 2009, we had a very strong year. Revenues grew 11% for the year to more than $8 billion, aided by the Burrows transaction, as well as other new business. Now that we have passed the acquisition anniversary,we expect our revenue growth to revert to more normalized patterns.As we have said before,our goal is to try to grow our business 100 to 200 basis points above the market growth rate. Operating leverage came from distribution center productivity initiatives, as well as company-wide cost-management efforts.As a result, operating earnings increased 11% for the year, while operating margin held steady at 2.5% of revenues, even while we incurred the expense of bringing on new business. Looking ahead, we are focused on balancing effective management of our business with investment in our future so that ultimately we achieve our goal of operating margin improvement.
As for other results, income from continuing operations was $2.79 per diluted common share for the year, improved from 2008. Net income also improved, increasing 12% compared to the prior year. Asset management results were strong and, as a result, cash flow from continuing operations was $165 million for the year, increased more than $100 million when compared to the year before, allowing us to pay down debt by more than $150 million, thus reducing our borrowing costs.
Looking back at the performance of our common stock, we are pleased with a total return of 16.6% for our shareholders during 2009. I would also like to point out that OMI’s 10-year cumulative total return tops 475%, while over the same period the S&P 500 had a total return of negative 9%. Our board of directors remains committed to enhancing shareholder value and, therefore, has approved a 15% increase in the first quarter 2010 dividend. Citing its confidence in our strategic, financial and operational strength, the board also approved a three-for-two stock split. I think it’s fair to say that, over the long run, Owens & Minor truly has been making things happen for shareholders.
In facing the economic challenges of 2009, we helped customers improve supply-chain efficiency and lower costs with our supply-chain services and programs.We were recognized for our efforts with a 97% customer satisfaction rating in 2009. During the year, we also continued our efforts to broaden the diversity of our supplier
Making Things Happen for Our Shareholders.
  
  base. Our 2009 Healthcare Supplier Diversity Forum was our most successful yet, and we are very proud to report that a growing percentage of our MediChoice® suppliers are now women- or minority-owned businesses.As we begin 2010, the question of healthcare reform remains under discussion in Washington. While we continue to participate in the dialogue, we remain focused on serving our healthcare customers and bringing supply-chain solutions to the market.
At Owens & Minor, we have long been guided by our cultural focus on our mission, vision and values.These guideposts help us every day to conduct ourselves in an ethical way, while providing the best possible service to our customers, both providers and suppliers. Even something as simple as our focus on the “well-being of the communities we serve” has translated to a company-wide openness to volunteering and service to others. During 2009, our teammates donated countless hours to a variety of community service organizations. I am always proud of our generous volunteers, but I am especially proud when they rise to the occasion to confront a natural disaster or other event that heightens the needs of our customers and communities. Our teammates even helped organize donations of medical supplies to a variety of relief organizations sending missions to Haiti following the earthquake.
Finally, I want to acknowledge the promotion of one of our own. I am pleased to report that we announced at our Leadership Meeting in late February that Charlie Colpo, who has served Owens & Minor for nearly three decades, has been named Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer. Charlie, who led the integrations of two recent acquisitions, has served in senior leadership for the last ten years and is well-respected in our industry. We are very pleased he has taken on this new role.
We asked a lot of our teammates in 2009, and they responded by getting the job done and more. I want to thank our teammates for their support and dedication throughout the year. Owens & Minor truly owes its success to the teammates who come to work every day determined to exceed the expectations of our customers. I also want to thank our customers and suppliers for their enduring support.We count ourselves fortunate in doing business with innovative, fair and supportive business partners. And finally, I want to acknowledge our shareholders for their support as we continue to work toward creating long-term value for them.
To our customers, suppliers, teammates and shareholders, we extend a warm thank you for all that you did to help us make 2009 a success.
Sincerely,
Craig R. Smith President & CEO Owens & Minor
Making Things Happen for Our Communities.
  2009 Annual Report & Form 10-K 5
 