 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS, TEAMMATES, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND FRIENDS
 Craig Smith, President and Chief Operating Officer
In 2004, we made progress on our new strategies, while improving our sales and doing an excellent job managing our expenses. We are very proud of our sales teammates and our field organization, who worked together to grow revenue by 6.6% in 2004. We also reported a 12.8% improvement in net income and a 7.7% increase in diluted earnings per share. Asset management was also a high note for us in 2004, as we reported a very low “days sales outstanding” of 26.5 days as of December 31, 2004. Our financial perform- ance in 2004 came on top of a very strong year in 2003. We consider our final results for the year to be solid, but we do see room for improvement in the inventory management area. In the past year, we focused on investing in and growing our core business, which is very healthy. We invested in OMSolutionsSM, people, technology and acquisitions, and we increased our presence in the healthcare supply chain with the acquisition of Access Diabetic Supply, a direct-to- consumer distributor of healthcare products.
Every day we assist our customers in improving their operations through CostTrackSM, our activity based pricing model; MediChoice®, our private label line; and through our FocusTM program, which aligns
customers with our most efficient manufacturers. We made strong progress with CostTrackSM in 2004, and we grew our MediChoice® program at a fast pace. These are some of the tactics we use every day to demonstrate our value to our customers.
Last year, in order to strengthen our efforts in the field, we created a four region structure across the nation, promoting four of our top leaders to Regional Vice President. We then asked our long-time, team- mate-leader Scott Perkins to serve as Senior Vice President of Sales & Distribution to oversee these four regions. Over the next year, we plan to use this field structure to strengthen accountability to our customers and improve our already outstanding customer satisfaction results.
A big success story for us this year was the acceler- ating use of Owens & Minor University (OMU) by our teammates for learning, knowledge sharing and cross- training. In the year ahead, we will continue to invest in training our teammates through OMU. Collectively, our teammates have taken more than 7,500 classes in leadership, ethics, finance, sales and management since we opened the doors of OMU. With these classes, we are training our teammates to serve our loyal customers to the best of their ability every day.
Our new Six Sigma effort was successful in improving and adopting several new processes that will help us streamline old procedures, eliminate redundancy in our efforts, and improve or eliminate old technology. This small, but very effective, group is looking for ways to make internal process improve- ments that deliver real financial results.
OMSolutionsSM grew dramatically in 2004. We added new programs and services to the effort, offering new ideas and new solutions to our customers. Our first acquisition in 2004 of a company called 5nQ, a small clinical inventory management solutions company, brought us a superior technology tool called QSightTM, which helps our customers track, manage and utilize costly inventory in the clinical areas of the hospital. The two principals of this company, Thad McKrell and David Vanker, joined Owens & Minor and continue to expand the capabilities of QSightTM and market it to our customers around the nation.
In late 2004, we acquired HealthCare Logistics Services, (HLS), a California-based company led by Ron Denton and Scott Watkins. This new team brought experienced consultants and new services to OMSolutionsSM, strengthening our team nationwide and bringing new skills to the entire OMSolutionsSM effort.
 4 Owens & Minor Annual Report 2004

Financially, we did not meet our goals for OMSolutionsSM. However, by cooperating and coordi- nating with our core business sales team, OMSolutionsSM helped bring on seven new competitive accounts. Without this combined effort and new approach, it would have been difficult to secure this significant new business.
We are also starting to see some progress in our Third Party Logistics effort through OMSolutionsSM. In 2004, we added a new concept, the Integrated Service Center, to our roster of services, managing our customers’ warehousing, transportation and distribution needs. This will give Owens & Minor the capability to manage all direct shipments, plus traditional distri- bution, for our larger customers.
Traditionally at Owens & Minor, we have always provided services to hospitals. In recent years, however, we have developed a strategy of “following the patient.” With the acquisition of Access Diabetic Supply (Access), a direct-to-consumer distributor of medical supplies, we can now follow patients as they consume an increasing volume of medical supplies at home. The principals of this Florida-based company, Dave Wallace, Tim Stocksdale, and F.M. Byers, along with all the Access teammates, are committed to customer satisfaction with the highest degree of integrity and ethics, and we welcome them into the Owens & Minor family.
In 2005, we will lead by listening to our customers, teammates and suppliers. From the insight we gain from these constituents, we will develop and deliver new ways to serve our customers, ensuring that we meet or exceed our 2004 customer satisfaction rating of 98%. We will continue to work with key suppliers such as Tyco, Johnson & Johnson, Kimberly-Clark and 3M to improve our operations, allowing us to reduce our costs. Our supplier relationships have helped us to build our business and improve our processes.
Looking ahead, OMSolutionsSM will continue to design and bring to market services for our hospitals, which will help them improve inventory, labor and storage costs. Our goal is to have OMSolutionsSM contribute to the overall success of the company – strategically, tactically and financially. In the coming year, Access will continue to serve patients outside the hospital, and will seek new customers who need supplies to manage chronic illness at home.
Our biggest challenge and our biggest opportunity in 2005 is to continue to foster a culture that has endured at Owens & Minor since 1882, a culture of integrity, ethics, honesty, teamwork and customer satisfaction. We have grown dramatically in recent years as a result of our culture and team approach to customer service. As we add new teammates, we know
that we must continue to nurture the culture that has allowed us the success we have enjoyed. But more importantly, our culture ensures that we always focus on the right way to treat our customers, teammates, business partners and shareholders. Owens & Minor has always focused on success over the long haul, rather than on short-term results.
To our customers, suppliers and business partners, thank you for helping to make this a great year for Owens & Minor. Also, I want to thank our team- mates for all they accomplished in 2004. We made significant headway on our strategy, we made the core business stronger, and we invested in OMU, which has a direct impact on our teammates and our ability to serve our customers. Our loyal and dedicated team- mates work hard every day to serve our customers and make Owens & Minor stronger, and for that we are very grateful. With their help, we are well-positioned to tackle the year ahead.
Very sincerely,
Craig R. Smith
President & Chief Operating Officer
  Owens & Minor Annual Report 2004 5
