Dear Shareholders:
2012 was a year of tangible progress for OfficeMax. An unrelenting focus on our "Road to Success" strategic plan resulted in meaningful margin improvement, despite the absence of economic tailwinds. Strengthening the Foundation As part of our strategic plan, we committed to strengthen our foundation in 2012. The plan is built on three pillars: operational turnaround, balance sheet management, and disruptive and innovative moves. We made significant progress on the operational turnaround of our core business this year. We continue to launch value-added services for our business customers and plan to open our first new format prototype store in early 2013. Gaining Momentum Our long-term objectives remain to achieve peak operating margins, restore top-line growth and improve return on invested capital. A fundamental plank of the strategic plan is leveraging the talents of our people. In 2012, we bolstered our team through hiring, promoting and developing team members throughout the organization. Our team's sense of purpose and passion for the business will continue to propel us forward. I am immensely proud that OfficeMax has been named one of the 2013 World's Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute for the second consecutive year. I am also very pleased that OfficeMax and Office Depot have agreed to combine our companies in a merger of equals aimed at building a stronger, more efficient competitor able to meet the growing challenges of a rapidly changing industry. The Boards of Directors of both companies unanimously approved a definitive merger agreement in February 2013. The transaction is expected to close by the end of calendar year 2013, subject to stockholder approval from both companies, the receipt of regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Thank you for your ongoing support as we continue the successful execution of our Road to Success. Sincerely,

>> To counteract a lackluster economy and sector
weakness in technology, we aggressively pursued store network optimization, continued to focus our innovation efforts and refined our technology offering.

>> We achieved profitable growth within our Contract
business, recording the highest net win-to-loss sales metric in the U.S. in five years. Our team gained traction in key product and service adjacencies and expanded our small and medium business sales unit. The launch of our new name ­ OfficeMax Workplace ­ enables us to better convey our value proposition.

>> Our Digital team remained focused on transforming
our e-commerce properties. Targeted investments to enrich content and improve the user experience have positively impacted performance. Our enhancements, including a new search engine, drove double-digit traffic and sales growth on OfficeMax.com for the year. We also simplified our balance sheet, creating greater clarity for investors. The non-recourse Lehman-backed timber notes liability was extinguished, and we reduced our unfunded pension liability. We also generated strong cash flow from operations and a significant increase in earnings per share; and we were pleased to reinstate a quarterly dividend. In early 2013, we monetized a portion of our Boise investment. As part of driving innovative and disruptive moves, emphasis was placed on high-margin services to build on our foundation of ImPress® Print and Document Services and Ctrlcenter® computer services.

RAVI SALIGRAM President and Chief Executive Officer March 2013

This letter is not an offer to sell any securities or the solicitation of any vote by or on behalf of OfficeMax or Office Depot or their respective directors and executive officers. Investors should read the registration statement on Form S-4 to be filed by Office Depot that will include a Joint Proxy Statement of OfficeMax and Office Depot that also constitutes a prospectus of Office Depot. These documents will contain important information concerning the merger and can be obtained for free at the SEC's website or, as applicable, by contacting OfficeMax Investor Relations at 263 Shuman Blvd., Naperville, Illinois 60563 or by calling 630-864-6800, or by contacting Office Depot Investor Relations at 6600 North Military Trail, Boca Raton, Florida 33496 or by calling 561-438-3657.

