 
ear Fellow Shareholders:

Periods of challenge and change also present opportunities, if the proper foundations for the future are built. 2005 was just such year for our company. Prior to joining OfficeMax in April, I determined that the company was a "work in progress." Immediately upon assuming my role, I began identifying the specific operational and financial initiatives required at OfficeMax. Many f these initiatives were undertaken in 2005, while others will have roots in 2006.

As we look back on 2005, there are a range of solid achievements behind us that will serve as the foundation for the efforts we already have underway in 2006 to build shareholder value through higher operational and financial performance.

In 2005, the senior management team was dramatically reinvigorated with a number  of  new appointments.  We have brought on board individuals who  are injecting new ideas, critical leadership, and fresh perspectives to  augment the experienced team in our headquarters. Reflecting this successful leadership transition, 2005 was a year in which senior management focused on the "nuts and bolts" of our overall organization and we took steps to streamline our operations from the top, including the completion of our corporate headquarters transition to Illinois from Idaho, a process begun in 2004.

Our achievements in 2005 also include the continued integration of our retail acquisition with our contract operations, an effort we began in December 2003. This encompassed activities to align our merchandising and marketing activities across our retail and contract businesses. In 2005, we made significant progress toward completing the integration of these complementary businesses. And we will complete the integration when we complete the consolidation of our retail headquarters into our corporate headquarters in a new Illinois location by the end of 2006.

Consistent with our strategic focus in 2005, we also completed the disposition of our legacy Boise Cascade forest products assets, with a tender offer for nearly 25 percent of our outstanding common shares. This transaction returned approximately
$800 million in cash to shareholders as we promised.

With these groundwork activities completed in 2005, we also turned our full focus on establishing strategic initiatives for pursuing an effective turnaround. Looking ahead,  our  entire management  team  is committed to  continuing to  take the actions necessary to build sustainable shareholder value through enhanced performance over the course of 2006 and beyond.

In January 2006, we announced our Turnaround Plan for Higher Performance, the result of an organization-wide assessment, completed in late 2005, of the challenges and opportunities we face. We are concentrating on executing that plan, which consists of a range of performance-enhancing initiatives in three key areas: improving corporate infrastructure through initiatives in supply chain and information systems; driving operating performance improvement in our Retail and Contract businesses; and delivering financial performance through a combination of cost-saving initiatives and the allocation of capital for growth.

Sustained, meaningful turnarounds that create value for shareholders over the  long run do not happen overnight.  Rather, the most effective turnarounds are detail-driven and execution-heavy, focusing on fixing and enhancing the company's fundamentals and leveraging existing strengths to realize its potential. That is precisely what our plan entails, and we are confident that 2006 will represent a major - and positive - inflection point for OfficeMax.

As we move forward, we are intensely focused on generating increased returns over the long term to you, our shareholders. The senior management team is eager to build on the progress we have made thus far. All of our more  th  n  35,000 OfficeMax associates demonstrate unflagging hard work and dedication to their responsibilities, for which I would like to express my gratitude, both personally, and on behalf of the company.

Finally, I would like to acknowledge the support of our shareholders. On behalf of OfficeMax, thank you for your support. We will work tirelessly to earn it, throughout 2006 and beyond.

Sincerely,
Sam Duncan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2006
