Dear Shareholders:

As we entered 2009, we recognized that the economy would continue to be challenging and that we needed to remain highly focused on maintaining operational and financial flexibility in order to preserve our competitive advantage.
Throughout the year, businesses and consumers alike experienced some of the worst economic conditions in decades.
Key external factors that directly impact our business-such as white-collar employment-weakened throughout the year, acting as a headwind to our business.
Although macro challenges somewhat masked the improvements we made across our business, we successfully completed our business turnaround and made substantial progress on our key 2009 initiatives focused on growth, differentiation
and productivity.
Growth
Our growth plans were highly disciplined.
With minimal capital investment, we achieved incremental sales by expanding the channels and categories through which we offer value-added products and services. 2009 was the first full year that we managed Safeway's office and school supply category in its stores. This new arrangement enabled us to open new doors and reach additional customers without investing in brick and mortar. We also achieved momentum through our alliance with Lyreco, a European office supply contract organization, and won a number of new global contract customers. lmPress, our print and document business, and Managed Print Services, our office print outsource business, are both new services that we have introduced in the past few years that are contributing to our growth.
Differentiation
We sought to differentiate our business by offering our customers an unmatched breadth of services and products.
By increasing our focus on our core female customer-who makes the majority of purchasing decisions in both our contract and retail businesses-we have become more relevant to her with unique products and services as well as compelling value messages. Our expanded offering of premium private-brand products are designed to appeal to this customer. Additionally, we are expanding relationships with our customers by offering new and enhanced services. This includes FedEx domestic shipping in all of our U.S. stores and business solutions that enable our contract customers to spend more efficiently on their office supplies as well as in other related areas. Finally, we also enhanced the e-commerce functionality of our website and the service levels in our stores for an improved customer experience.
Productivity
We recognized that it was imperative to boost productivity and maximize our resources, particularly as we aligned our costs with lower sales.
We proactively took steps to preserve our strong balance sheet and are proud that we substantially increased our liquidity throughout the year. In every functional area, we took a hard look to ensure we were carefully managing our costs. Our supply chain has never been better, and we're positioned for even greater success in the future. Our efforts to enhance our labor productivity were achieved without sacrificing service levels to our contract and retail customers.
Positioned for Success in 2010 and Beyond
We believe we are well positioned as a leading provider of office supply products and services with a global reach. There are a lot of market-share opportunities in our very large and highly fragmented office supply and service sector. We are confident that we can independently grow and deliver shareholder value over the long term.
We are confident in our ability to execute our new 5-year growth plan that will enable us to achieve solid organic growth with a higher return on investment. We will continue to achieve productivity throughout our supply chain, stores and operations. At the same time, we will increase our focus on driving growth by differentiating our company in the marketplace through our product and service offerings. We believe we can begin to expand our top line without adding substantial incremental expenses back into our infrastructure. Although we plan to increase our capital investments over our 2009 levels, we will be highly opportunistic and selective about any new store openings.
On a personal note, I announced my plans to retire in early 2011, giving the board ample time to conduct a comprehensive search for a successor. I am proud of what we have accomplished during my tenure, as we completed a turnaround of the company, built a great executive team, and positioned our business to execute a new growth plan. And all of this has been achieved during a very difficult economic environment. Our focus now is on executing the new and ongoing initiatives which are part of our 5-year plan. I am confident in the company's future, supported by an expanded management team and the core values we have established.
Integrity and Accountability. Think Company and Customer First. Teamwork and Trust. Focus and Discipline. A Sense of Urgency. These are OfficeMax's core values, the shared principles that bind us and help us to move our business forward. We also believe they are key to driving long-term value for you, our shareholders. In closing, I would like to thank our associates, customers and shareholders for their ongoing support.


Sincerely,
J /lv
Sam Duncan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2010
