Letter To The Shareholders
In its 80 anniversary year, Old Republic posted the Company's best operating results ever:     Total revenues reached $3.28 billion, up 19.2% from $2.75 billion in 2002. Net operating earnings grew 16.5% to $447.2 million. Consolidated operating cash flow rose 12.6% to slightly more than $750 million. The common shareholders' equity account increased 12.6% to $3.55 billion. Excluding a special year-end cash dividend totaling $121.0 million paid to all shareholders of record, the account would have been up 16.4%.
th

As in many prior years, the Company's industry-leading performance reflected our long-term management policies regarding key factors such as the mix of insurance coverages and related services we market, risk selection and pricing standards, and the setting of capital allocations to our multifaceted business. We should acknowledge, however, that market conditions for many of our coverages were highly beneficial to the successful implementation of these policies. Our business is inherently cyclical, affected by the immutable laws of supply and demand and everchanging needs of a free society. For that reason, it is important for us to manage the Company's affairs from a traditional underwriting point of view:    We try to write only those risks we know something about, rather than attempting to be a purveyor of insurance peace of mind to all people. We do not put all our eggs in one basket because long-term experience shows that there is strength in diversity and dispersion of risk. We place the large sums of money that an insurance business gathers in perspective, knowing that no amount of investment yield or financial asset engineering can offset the effects of poorly chosen or inadequately priced insurance risks.

Yields on Old Republic's growing invested asset base have become increasingly paltry over the past several years. Results in 2003, like those of several prior years, were firmly grounded on our attainment of underwriting profitability for most of the insurance coverages we offer. Our overall consolidated underwriting results and the growing bottom line they have made possible continued to emphasize the benefits of the uniquely balanced risk profile of our four business segments. Operating Segment Results Old Republic General Insurance Group retained its preeminent position as our largest revenue producer. We have set our sights on doubling the size of this business by year-end 2005, starting from its 2000 base. Assuming currently favorable market conditions continue, we should meet that goal. In 2003, net premiums earned set a new record of $1.37 billion, which was 60.8% greater than the 2000 level and 16.5% higher than 2002 premiums earned. Significantly improved underwriting margins matched top-line premium performance. The composite ratio of claim and production costs dropped to 93.3% in 2003, from 98.4% in the preceding year. This indicates that underwriting profit margins grew to roughly 6.7% of earned premiums, from only 1.6% in 2002. The overall operating margin, which represents the combination of this underwriting component and investment income yield as a percentage of earned premiums, rose to 19.4%, from 16.2% in 2002. To place these results in perspective, the five-year period ended in 2002--a relatively lean time for General Insurance profitability--produced average operating margins of 15.5%. In this light, 2003 operations reflected a substantially improving profit picture. Nearly all insurance coverages and subsidiary operating centers contributed to the Group's record pretax operating profit of $259.0 million. Particularly noteworthy were our Great West truck insurance business and its associated Canadian operations, which continued their progress toward underwriting profitability. Also distinguishing themselves this year were our risk management, consumer credit indemnity, home warranty, executive indemnity, and general aviation insurance lines. Old Republic Mortgage Guaranty Group produced moderately higher operating results, continuing its distinction th as the Corporation's single largest profit contributor. The Group's earnings grew for the 15 consecutive year on the basis of very good underwriting performance. Slightly more than 75% of the Group's pretax earnings of $276.4 million 2

stemmed from underwriting and related service operations. The underwriting ratio of 47.5% compared favorably with the 50.1% average ratio posted in the prior five-year period. Very high loan refinancing activity in 2003 appreciably affected our mortgage guaranty operations. Although the refinancing level had a very positive effect on new insurance written statistics, it caused our traditional primary business persistency rates to decline measurably. As a result, we experienced no growth in primary insurance in force. All in all, however, we met our original expectations for this business segment, as a substantial drop in the operating expense ratio largely offset a rise in the loss ratio. The negative aspects of high volumes of loan refinancing on our Mortgage Guaranty Group were, by contrast, quite beneficial to Old Republic Title Insurance Group. Title insurance and related real estate closing services are very much transaction-driven operations that gain from high levels of real estate sales and mortgage financing transactions. As a result, our Title Insurance Group achieved record premium and fee revenues, operating cash flow, and pretax earnings, which grew 32.8% to $129.8 million. As in the case of our General and Mortgage Guaranty Groups, substantially all the Title Group's pretax earnings growth stemmed from underwriting and related services operations. The 2003 composite underwriting ratio of 90.4% was nearly equal to that of the preceding year and produced these rewarding results. Old Republic's Life Insurance Group, our smallest operating segment, registered a drop in pretax earnings to $4.3 million in 2003, from $6.4 million in 2002. Virtually all the shortfall resulted from a greater-than- average lapse of certain term life policies issued in prior years and higher expenses associated with travel insurance products. Policy lapses lead to a drop in premium income and thus a lower revenue base to absorb current and previously deferred production costs. Financial Strength to Keep Our Promises We measure our financial strength by the amount and quality of assets that fund our promises to policyholders, claimants, and creditors; by the adequacy of reserves, which reflect the estimated dollar value of those promises; and by the amount of capital we maintain to assure the continuity and growth of our business over the long term. In 2003, cash and invested assets increased $680.9 million, or 11.0%, to $6.84 billion. On the positive side, the key elements fueling this growth were record-high operating cash flows of $756.0 million and net unrealized gains of $171.9 million for securities carried at market value. Cash dividend payments to shareholders of $201.9 million, inclusive of the aforementioned year-end special dividend, attenuated further growth of the equity account. At year-end 2003, cash and invested assets represented 152.5% of our net liabilities and consisted primarily of fixed maturity securities with an approximate average credit quality of AA. As of the same date, Old Republic's consolidated policy and claim reserves aggregated $3.34 billion, net of amounts recoverable from reinsurers, for an increase of 9.5% over 2002. Prior years' claim reserves for each business segment individually and collectively developed favorably once again and so did not adversely affect the year's results. At its March 2003 meeting, the Company's Board of Directors raised the annual cash dividend rate for the 22 consecutive year, from $.428 to $.452. These odd-seeming rates reflect a necessary retroactive adjustment for a 50% stock dividend declared and issued late in the year. Following careful review of Old Republic's capitalization in December, the Directors decided to reward all shareholders by distributing an accumulated capital redundancy; this led to the $1.00 per share special dividend ($.667 after adjustment for the aforementioned 50% stock dividend) paid shortly before year-end. Record earnings and the higher valuation of fixed maturity and equity securities carried at market value in 2003 were most responsible for the 12.6% increase in the common shareholders' equity account to $3.55 billion, or $19.57 per share. Excluding the above-noted year-end special cash dividend, the account would have reflected growth of 16.4%. Total book return per common share rose to 18.6% in 2003. This is the sum of the annual post-tax change in shareholders' equity and the pretax dividend yield on the beginning balance in that account. Old Republic's total average book return for the past 36 years is 16.7%, easily surpassing the Standard & Poor's 500 Index's total average market return of 12.0%. The overall strength of Old Republic's consolidated balance sheet echoes the composite financial underpinnings of 3
nd

its 24 individual risk-bearing subsidiaries. At year's end, the financial ratings assigned to our insurance subsidiaries remained at the high levels they commanded at the beginning of 2003. Market Valuation of Old Republic Stock Following two down years, the stock market rebounded with a more positive recognition of the intrinsic value of Old Republic's common stock. The 2003 per share price rose 35.9% over 2002, and the year-end market quote of $25.36 per share reflected a price/earnings ratio of 10.4 and price/book value ratio of 1.3. By contrast, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 25.3%, and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index increased 26.4%. For the latest 10 yearperiod, Old Republic's common shares have posted a 16.9% average total market return, compared with an 11.1% average for the S&P 500 Index. Outlook Through 2003, Old Republic has achieved four consecutive years of increasingly higher earnings. Several factors have driven this performance, including year-over-year growth in mortgage guaranty profits, rebounding title segment earnings fueled by progressively lower mortgage rates, and the emergence of firmer pricing and more stringent underwriting standards in the commercial lines written by our General Insurance Group. Early in 2004, our Title Insurance Group expects a drop in transaction volume as both home sales and refinancing activity subside from the torrid levels of the first half of 2003 in particular. In our Mortgage Guaranty Group, the upward trend in mortgage default loss costs experienced for most of 2003 could well continue into 2004, but possibly abate as the U.S. job picture brightens. On the other hand, business persistency is likely to improve in the face of an expected drop in refinancing activity, and production costs should remain under tight control and keep a lid on the expense ratio. For our General Insurance Group, we expect pricing to remain firm in the coverages and markets we serve. The anticipated continuation of a relatively low investment yield environment should encourage insurance underwriters to maintain pricing, as well as underwriting discipline, to provide reasonable assurance of underwriting profitability. Our ability to secure top-line growth, however, will be somewhat more challenging since it will hinge to a greater extent on market share advances rather than pricing gains. All in all, we remain optimistic about our ability to continue Old Republic's momentum. Positive underwriting performance in each of our major segments should again be the defining attribute of our total business.

Respectfully submitted on behalf of the Company and its Board of Directors, Chicago, Illinois January 29, 2004 Aldo C. Zucaro Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

4

