Letter To The Shareholders
2002 turned out to be the exceptionally successful year we had expected for our business. With few minor exceptions, most of Old Republic's profit centers contributed to record consolidated revenues and operating earnings.      Total revenues grew 16.1% to $2.75 billion. Net operating earnings also rose 16.1% to $383.8 million. Consolidated operating cash flow reached an all-time-high of $671.2 million. The cash and invested asset base increased 10.4% to $6.16 billion. Shareholders' equity topped $3.15 billion, rising 11.8% to $26.17 per share.

At its March 2002 meeting, with the Company's continuing strong performance in sight, the Board of Directors raised the annual cash dividend rate for the 21st consecutive year, from $.60 per share to $.64 per share. Old Republic has paid a cash dividend for 61 years without interruption and has reported a profit for each of those years except one. Both achievements are true indicators of our value as a long-term investment. Today's Old Republic is the 1969 holding company successor to Old Republic Life Insurance Company, incorporated nearly 80 years ago. The earnings growth we have experienced in the past 35 years, in particular, results from an operating philosophy that stresses the planned diversification and containment of insurance risks. This diversification is reflected in a large number of profit centers organized within our four operating segments, with the three largest currently producing the lion's share of Old Republic's revenues and net income. For the past 35 years, the Company's total book return (the sum of the annual post-tax change in the shareholders' equity account and the pretax dividend yield on that account) has averaged 16.7% per annum. This compares quite favorably with a total pretax average annual return of 11.6% for the Standard & Poor's 500 Index. Segment Results Old Republic General Insurance Group, representing approximately 50% of total revenues, posted a further improvement in underwriting results in 2002. Pretax operating income increased 28.8% over the prior year to reach $182.1 million. Net premiums earned once again exceeded the billion-dollar mark, growing 18.4% to $1.18 billion. The composite underwriting ratio declined to 98.4%, from 102.0% a year ago. The very focused businesses we run through our Bituminous and Great West subsidiaries--as well as the specialty risk management, aviation, executive protection, fidelity and surety, credit indemnity, and home and auto warranty operations we conduct under the Old Republic banner--performed admirably in the context of largely favorable market conditions. In the second half of 2002 in particular, our Canadian truck insurance and Texas-based Employers General operations positively contributed to overall results through improved underwriting performance. The very good General Insurance results for the year mirror our objective to achieve underwriting profitability through disciplined pricing and risk selection standards. Old Republic Mortgage Guaranty Group achieved greater income from underwriting and related services in 2002, compared with 2001. Pretax operating income totaled $267.7 million, versus $261.9 million in the prior year. Net premiums earned increased 6.5% to $376.2 million. The composite underwriting ratio, inclusive of special charges noted below, was moderately higher at 46.4% (or 40.9% without those charges) in 2002, compared with 43.6% a year earlier. The Group's generally positive performance was largely the result of record-high new insurance written and slightly lower claim ratios. Operating earnings would have reflected a better year-over-year comparison were it not for $20.5 million in special operating charges taken to cover costs associated with discontinuing development and marketing of a loan portfolio evaluation service for the Group's customers and reevaluation of certain class action litigation exposures. We believe we have established adequate reserves for the complete disposition of these issues. Old Republic Title Insurance Group set a new high in pretax operating income, which rose 31.0% to $97.8 million in 2002. Throughout the year, the Group benefited from strong revenue growth driven by a surge in refinancing activity, a strong market for new home purchases, continuation of relatively low claim experience, and a further drop in the expense ratio. Premiums and fees also established a record, increasing 30.1% to $813.4 million.

2

Old Republic Life Insurance Group posted somewhat higher pretax income, due largely to lower claim costs for most of its coverages. The Company's smallest segment, focused on a limited number of life and health insurance offerings, maintained basically level earned premiums for the year. Although we currently expect this Group to remain a relatively small part of our overall business, it will continue to provide our General Insurance Group, in particular, with flexibility in underwriting related coverages. Financial Strength The Company's record 2002 earnings added measurably to its asset base and capital resources. The substantial operating cash flow generated was largely responsible for overall asset growth of 10.0% to $8.71 billion at year-end. Concurrently, cash and invested assets rose 10.4% to $6.16 billion, or $51.15 per share, versus $5.58 billion, or $46.96 per share, at the close of the preceding year. Earnings retained in the business were most responsible for a 13.4% increase in shareholders' equity, which totaled $3.15 billion at year-end 2002. On a per share basis, book value was $26.17, compared with $23.40 at year-end 2001. Our 24 insurance underwriting subsidiaries continue to be capitalized strongly and fully capable of writing greater premium volumes in their respective markets. Their aggregate statutory capital resources--the basis on which they must conduct their business--amounted to $1.68 billion at year-end 2002. Aggregate claim reserves set aside for future payment by these companies were $2.30 billion, net of reinsurance recoverable, up from $2.17 billion one year earlier. During 2002, claim reserves established in prior years proved adequate and, accordingly, did not require deficiency charges against last year's results. Maintaining a strong reserve position has been a primary management objective to assure balance sheet integrity, reliability of reported earnings, and credible loss cost evaluations in the setting of insurance rates. In light of a general downtrend in independent financial ratings granted to many insurers over the past three years in particular, it is a credit to Old Republic's financial solidity that three of its insurance underwriting subsidiaries recently were awarded higher ratings, and our other affiliates retained their high ratings. Old Republic's Stock In The Market Place In 2002, American stock market indices declined for the third consecutive year. Unpredictability and volatility were hallmarks of U.S. equity markets. In this context, Old Republic's common stock performed reasonably well: Early in the year, it reached an all-time-high of $34.73 per share, but then parted with all of its gain, closing the year at $28.00 per share, one cent below its price at year-end 2001. Over five- and 10-year timeframes, however, the Company's shares have registered compound annual returns of 4.9% and 12.0%, respectively. In contrast, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index has reported returns of (0.6%) and 9.3%, respectively. Although we always wish for better stock market recognition of Old Republic's above-average performance, we remain convinced that over time, our shares' market valuation will reflect our strong results. Looking Ahead The expectations we had at the beginning of 2002 were right on the mark relative to our general and mortgage guaranty lines, and quite a bit off for our title segment. The operating statistics included in this report show that Old Republic's general insurance business profited from strong top-line growth and better underwriting results, and that the mortgage guaranty line continued as our largest earnings contributor. Our title business, however, defied our anticipation of a reduced bottom line driven by lower mortgage refinancing activity. In fact, this business delivered its highest pretax earnings ever--nearly $100 million--based on extremely strong mortgage refinancing activity and tight cost controls. Coincidentally, our expectations at the outset of 2003 are virtually the same as they were 12 months ago. Our general insurance business should continue to benefit from the sellers' market that has been in place for the past two years. From our vantage point, we see the commercial lines insurance industry's balance sheet remaining stressed by the possibility of further reserve charges for prior years' claims. This factor, and the inability of insurers to add significantly to bottom-line results from low yields on invested assets, should lead to maintenance of relatively high premium rates for most coverages. Given the strong financial position of our property and liability subsidiaries, Old Republic should be able to at once grow its top line and generate very positive underwriting margins in the coming year. We anticipate that mortgage guaranty operations will continue as an anchor for Old Republic's bottom line. Should refinancing activity subside in 2003, persistency trends likely will benefit and trigger stronger growth of premium writings and insurance in force. 3

A possible drop in mortgage refinancing transactions during 2003 would be a negative for title insurance, as this line's profitability is heavily affected by transaction levels. In such circumstances, 2003 profits would be lower, but likely remain an important part of Old Republic's overall profitability. In sum, we begin another year with optimism born of our belief in the special attributes of our Company's well balanced book of business. Although we expect operating cash flow to again enhance our invested asset base, we are not banking on significant bottom-line input from investment income. Rather, strong underwriting performance by each of our major businesses should carry the day and lead to another successful year. Respectfully submitted on behalf of the Company and its Board of Directors, Chicago, Illinois January 28, 2003 A. C. Zucaro Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

4

