Letter To The Shareholders
2007... A Difficult Year Last year's management letter ended with this outlook for 2007: As we begin a new year, Old Republic's overall prospects are reasonably positive. Title insurance operating results in particular probably will remain under significant pressure due to the continuing down cycle in housing and related mortgage-lending markets. The remainder of our business, however, should reflect further overall earnings progress. Most of that increase should emerge from the investment side of operations which are apt to benefit from a greater invested asset base and the likelihood of a rising yield environment. ... As matters turned out, consolidated net investment income made a strong contribution to the Company's bottom line. Our General Insurance Group posted very acceptable earnings in the face of a softening pricing environment for many of its products. Earnings progress, however, eluded Old Republic's Mortgage Guaranty line. Major economic dislocations in the housing and related mortgage lending industries, which emerged in full force around mid-year 2007, erased the relatively positive expectations we had for this important part of our business. Claim costs here rose significantly and pressured operating results to unprofitable levels for the first time in 19 years. Our Title Insurance line also experienced significant downward earnings pressure due to the same economic issues, but posted an operating loss of lesser magnitude. As we write this letter early in 2008, those dislocations continue to concern us. The financial markets that provide important underpinnings to the housing and mortgage lending sectors remain in disarray, with little sign of imminent resolution. Longer term, however, we are secure in the knowledge that the nation's economic strength and Americans' attachment to the values of home ownership ultimately will lead to re-stabilized conditions. Strong Balance Sheet While Old Republic's consolidated operations did not meet our original expectations in 2007, they did reflect progress on several fronts. Here is what we saw in the balance sheet:

· · · · ·

Consolidated assets grew 5.4%, crossing the $13 billion mark for the first time. Consolidated cash and invested assets, benefiting from operating cash flow of $862.5 million for the year, rose 8.4% to $8.9 billion, auguring well for future investment income growth. Consolidated claim reserves, excluding reinsurance credits, advanced 12.6% to $6.2 billion, with more than half of the increase stemming from the mortgage guaranty line. Debt leverage remained extremely low, which kept capital management flexibility intact. Common shareholders' equity, however, increased by an historically low 3.9%, after taking into account cash dividend payments of $145.4 million for the year. On a pershare basis, 2007's total return on equity--consisting of the sum of the year-over-year increase in book value and the cash dividend yield--was 7.5% compared with 11.3% in 2006.

A Number of Operational Advances The cyclical issues that penalized last year's mortgage guaranty and title insurance lines notwithstanding, there were some notable achievements in operations:

· · · ·

Net operating revenues, excluding above average realized investment gains, crossed the $4 billion line for the first time in Old Republic's 84-year history. Net investment income from the Company's high-quality invested asset base rose by 11.2% to a new high of $379.9 million. The consolidated underwriting ratio, slightly above breakeven at 101.5%, reflected the continuing benefits of our very diverse book of insurance coverages. The overall strength of our business, and its very fine prospects for long-term growth, enabled us to raise the annual cash dividend rate for the 26th consecutive year.

Old Republic's staying power reflects a business model designed to minimize risks by spreading them across insurance coverages, economic sectors, and asset classes. While the model has served us very well for long periods of time, the unusual stresses of the current market can test its structure. Our business has the ability to meet those tests.
iv

Mixed Results for Operating Segments In 2007, Old Republic's General Insurance Group provided the largest contribution to consolidated revenues and pretax income for the fourth consecutive year. Net premiums earned grew by 13.3%, exceeding $2 billion for the first time. Most of the increase stemmed from premiums on a new book of contractors' liability insurance we acquired in late 2006. Premiums from all other sources combined were slightly higher, as a moderately declining rate environment for various liability insurance coverages made it more difficult to retain and attract new business. General insurance underwriting performance remained quite positive in 2007, the sixth consecutive year of underwriting profitability. Among major coverages, only our consumer credit indemnity product--whose performance is usually affected by changes in credit conditions, consumers' spending habits, and employment levels--produced a higher claim ratio of any significance. For all general insurance coverages combined, the claim ratio was 67.8% in 2007, almost the same as the average for the five prior years. Expense-wise, last year's ratio of 24.1% compared with an average of 25.4% for the same five-year period. In total, the composite ratio of claims and expenses aggregated 91.9% versus the 93.1% average registered in the five years ended in 2006. The composite underwriting ratio is the industry's most widely accepted indicator of underwriting success, and Old Republic usually outperforms industry on this score. Premiums for Old Republic's Mortgage Guaranty Group rebounded throughout the year. This reflected higher persistency of business underwritten in prior years and greater production of traditional insurance products in 2007. Traditional primary insurance persistency improved to 77.6% from 73.1% at the end of 2006, and traditional new insurance written rose by 85.3% year-over-year. An unprecedented cyclical downturn in housing and related mortgage finance markets contributed to much higher claim costs, however. These costs reflected a continuation of unfavorable loan default trends since 2006, and greater claim severity due to larger insured loan values. Opportunities to mitigate claim costs declined significantly in a market affected by higher mortgage foreclosures and inflated inventories of unsold homes. While the net paid loss ratio was 21.8% higher for all of 2007, much greater claim reserve provisions were required to address a deteriorating claims environment. At December 31, 2007, net claim reserves of $644.9 million were 158.4% higher than they were 12 months earlier. While production and operating expenses continued to fall in 2007, the beneficial effect of this trend was blunted by the more severe impact of greater claim costs. As a consequence, the composite ratio of claims and expenses was materially unfavorable, reaching levels unseen in 20 years. These factors notwithstanding, Old Republic's Mortgage Guaranty segment continued to register strong operating cash flows in 2007. This was aided by rising premium volume and paid loss growth lagging that of reserve-impacted incurred claim costs. The positive operating cash flows added to an already liquid invested asset base, and contributed to greater investment income for the year. The Old Republic Title Insurance Group registered a moderate operating loss in 2007. Premium and fee revenues trended down throughout the year amid an intractable downturn in the housing and related mortgage lending industries. Direct title production facilities in the western United States were hit the hardest. In the year's final quarter, we took more aggressive steps to address the imbalance between revenues and operating costs here. The severance, lease termination, and other expenses that resulted, penalized fourth quarter 2007 pretax income by $6.2 million. Together, these factors led to the highest annual title expense ratio sustained in the past 25 years and, while reasonably contained, to higher claim costs--which tend to increase during periods of serious economic dislocations. Corporate and Other Operations, consisting of a small life and health business, and the net costs associated with the parent holding company and its corporate services subsidiaries, produced higher income contributions in 2007. Period-to-period variability in the results of these relatively minor elements of the Company's operations usually stems from these factors: 1) the volatility inherent in a small-scale life and health business, 2) fluctuations in the timing of expense recognition related to variables such as the costs of stock options, 3) interest on intercompany financing arrangements, and 4) expenses associated with a relatively small debt level. Financial Strength for the Long Run The insurance coverages provided to and the industries served by Old Republic's insurance companies do not respond uniformly to business cycles. In 2007, our results once again showed the value of a well diversified and balanced book of insurance risks. As the fortunes of our mortgage guaranty and title insurance lines waned over the past four years, our general and much smaller life and health businesses provided a strong anchor for the Company's earnings base.
v

Managing Old Republic's business for the long run takes into account the cyclical vagaries of the insurance industry and the economy in general. In this context, a consistently strong balance sheet is of paramount importance, and in 2007 we remained steadfast in this regard. We avoided illiquid and low quality fixed maturity securities and did not have to face any writedowns of their carrying value. In the stock portion of our investment portfolio, we recalibrated the mix of our holdings in favor of fewer issues, which we anticipate will provide greater total returns over the next several years. Other assets were managed to assure their ultimate collectibility. We remained conservative in our estimates for reserves covering benefits and claims that will be paid in future years. The combination of lower earnings and the payment of higher cash dividends notwithstanding, shareholders' equity grew moderately and remained largely unaffected by intangible values such as goodwill. Balance sheet leverage in the form of debt obligations was relatively minor at year end, giving us a great deal of flexibility in managing our capital structure. The independent financial ratings awarded to our key insurance companies and the Corporation continued at consistently high levels during the year. Old Republic's Stock Market Valuation Last year's markets were unforgiving in their valuations of most financial institutions' securities. Investors looked twice at any security associated with housing, mortgage lending, and securitizations--however remote the connections. In this climate, Old Republic's shares sold down to some of the lowest levels of the past decade. At the end of 2007, the Company's stock was quoted at a double-digit discount to book value for the first time since 1999. At that price, the annual cash dividend rate of $.64 per share provided a yield of 4.15%. In the second half of the year, the Company reacquired $28.3 million worth of its stock through open market purchases at prices that were below book value. The repurchase program was quickly discontinued, however. In the year's fourth quarter, we concluded that newly emerging opportunities for expanding the business and the shareholders' account were good reasons to retain capital resources. Outlook for Profitable Operations As 2008 begins, the outlook for Old Republic's portfolio of insurance lines is mixed. Our title business should continue to experience some strains from weakened housing and related mortgage lending industries. Recent downward movements in interest rates, and the positive impact these could have on mortgage finance activity, however, could serve to improve the title segment's prospects earlier than anticipated. On the other hand, our mortgage guaranty line is expected to encounter strong headwinds well into 2009. We currently believe that market dislocations affecting housing and mortgage lending will diminish very gradually, as supply and demand are rebalanced in the normal course of events. General insurance will likely remain a mainstay of our business for the foreseeable future. While the composite underwriting ratio will probably rise moderately in response to the recently softer pricing environment, overall operating results should remain quite profitable. Our business model features a credibly strong capital base to sustain the weaker parts of our business and to advance the long-term competitive profitability of our 84-year old enterprise. As always, we are confident in the abilities of our associates and the intellectual capital they bring to the future of our business; these are important assets which ensure that Old Republic's opportunities will be maximized in any type of economic climate.

Respectfully submitted on behalf of the Company and its Board of Directors,

Chicago, Illinois January 24, 2008

Aldo C. Zucaro Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

vi

