   O’REILLY SHAREHOLDERS
 2000 ANNUAL REPORT
To our shareholders:
Team O’Reilly worked extremely hard to make 2000 another very successful year. We added 101 new stores, 43 through various acquisitions, including 12 Gateway Auto Parts stores in Dallas/Ft. Worth, Texas, and nine KarPro stores in Little Rock, Arkansas. On the distribution front, we also had a very eventful year. The 338,140 square-foot distribution center (“DC”) in Dallas, Texas, which was purchased a year ago, opened in December and will service over 100
stores by early 2001. This will allow us to continue expanding our stores in northern Texas, both to the east and west. Also included in the KarPro purchase was a 97,000 square-foot DC which will provide quicker access and more product coverage to our stores in Arkansas and will allow significant expansion in those markets.
Our team members were very focused
on many projects designed to enhance the level of service to our customers. A number
of technological advances in systems and programs will allow us to greatly improve customer service with more value added to the O’Reilly shopping experience. Included in these efforts are: an electronic transaction database, which allows easier and better access to customer purchase history; improved product search capability to allow stores to locate other O’Reilly stores and DCs that carry harder-to-find items; and a new store inventory management system that
  Left to right: Larry O’Reilly, Ted F. Wise, Rosalie O’Reilly-Wooten, Charlie O’Reilly, David O’Reilly and Greg Henslee.
 2
2000 AR
 
1963
Charles H. “Charlie” O’Reilly, Jr. joins the Company.
Second O’Reilly Auto Parts store opened.
Sales: $2.2 million.
allows more specific inventory customization focusing on improving turnover and return on investment for our shareholders. Con- sequently, the list of improvements completed in 2000 and those rolling out in 2001 is extensive, but one improvement that is very significant is the establishment of a Company Intranet. This will have a huge impact on our productivity, allowing our stores to operate nearly paperless by utilizing various electronic forms and reports. Immediate access to a wealth of information through the Intranet will allow the stores to carry out their responsibilities much more efficiently, thereby allowing our managers and team members to focus more on customer service.
With product sales of $890 million in 2000, we are anxiously pursuing our goal of over $1 billion in revenue in 2001. Our commitment to our shareholders is focused more than ever on operating efficiently and, therefore, at better operating margins. We are very proud of achieving an operating
margin in excess of 10% in 2000, and
have set our goal at 11% for 2001. This is aggressive but attainable if we collectively execute our plan. With over 11,000 O’Reilly team members, we have placed a priority on developing them, knowing that to function at our highest level, we must acknowledge the tremendous value that each and every individual brings to our effort. We truly embrace the philosophy that a “happy team” will make for satisfied customers.
Our plans for 2001 include continued growth, combining approximately 120 new store installations with existing progress toward increased same-store sales growth in the mid single-digit level. With these two concepts, we hope to grow our top-line revenues by 18% or more and our operating profits by more than that with increased efficiencies in our operations. No additional DCs will be needed in 2001 to accomplish these objectives; therefore, we fully plan
to leverage our existing investment in
distribution throughout the upcoming year. Many new enhancements to our store
displays and merchandising plans will continue to make O’Reilly a leading-edge shopping experience. We will, as always, focus our efforts on the commercial or professional service technician segment, which requires a very experienced and informed staff in our stores. Our plan is to stay tuned to our “dual market strategy,” with approximately 50% of our sales to
the professional installer and 50% to the do-it-yourself (“DIY”) or retail trade. We feel this combination of business is right for O’Reilly and allows us to differentiate ourselves in product offering, professional service to our customers and knowledgeable team members who are DRIVEN to succeed.
In conclusion, we believe 2001 will be an excellent year with many challenges.
We are very prepared to meet the high expectations our shareholders have grown to expect from Team O’Reilly.
1965
1967
       Larry O’Reilly
Chief Operating Officer & Co-Chairman
of the Board
Ted F. Wise
Co-President
Rosalie O’Reilly-Wooten
Executive Vice President
Charlie O’Reilly
Vice Chairman of the Board
David O’Reilly
Chief Operating Officer & Co-Chairman
of the Board
Greg Henslee
Co-President
 2000 AR
3
     