 To Our Fellow Shareholders
We are excited to present another year of record breaking financial performance to our shareholders. Our continued success is the direct result of more than 49,000 dedicated members of Team O’Reilly who tirelessly work every day to provide the highest level of customer service in the industry. The hard work and dedication of our Team Members has driven our past achievements and will be the catalyst for our future successes. We would like to take this opportunity to thank each member of Team O’Reilly for their contributions.
During 2011, O’Reilly continued to execute our proven Dual Market Strategy; focusing on both the do-it-yourself retail and do-it-for-me professional service provider customer. The success of this established strategy is built upon the O’Reilly Culture Values of excellent customer service, respect, teamwork, honesty, hard work, dedication and professionalism and has enabled us to once again grow market share in our existing markets, continue to expand our geographic footprint
into new markets, and integrate strategic acquisitions.
Growing Market Share
During 2011, we again achieved strong, profitable market share growth. Our unsurpassed levels of customer service and industry leading parts availability, supported by a robust distribution infrastructure, drove a solid comparable store sales increase of 4.6%, which was on top of very strong 8.8% comparable store sales growth in 2010. Our efforts to continuously improve gross profit and our relentless focus on expense control generated a record breaking 14.9% adjusted operating margin, which represents a 130 basis point
improvement over 2010’s record adjusted operating margin of 13.6%. We are very pleased with our ability to continue to gain market share while setting new profitability highs, and we are confident that we will achieve our targeted 15% operating margin in 2012, a year ahead of the goal that
we established when we purchased CSK Automotive, Inc in 2008. We believe that our profitable growth is driven by our core Culture Values and the consistent execution of our Dual Market Strategy and we will continue to run the business based on these fundamentals in 2012 and beyond.
     Exceeding Customers Expectations
Our Team Member’s dedication to providing an unsurpassed level of service to our customers remains the backbone to our success. In our stores, distribution centers and corporate offices, we work extremely hard and take great pride in our ability to exceed our customers’ expectations by providing solutions to our customers’ automotive parts needs. We remain dedicated to ensuring our Company is staffed with the friendliest and most knowledgeable parts professionals in the industry whose primary goal is to exceed the expectations of each customer who visits or calls our stores. This focus on exceptional customer service is the foundation of our past successes and will be the primary driver for our success in the future.
O’Reilly Automotive 2011 Annual Report
5

 Growing Brand
Awareness
We have and will continue to work hard to establish O’Reilly as the most trusted source for customers’ automotive needs. Our company strives to drive customers into our stores. From retail sales flyers, radio ads, and sports sponsorships, our goal is to create a strong brand awareness. These advertising programs do generate customer traffic; however, we continue to believe our best advertising is the referrals we receive from customers who have experienced the top-notch problem-solving skills of our professional
parts people.
   The automotive aftermarket continued to see a favorable external macro-economic environment in 2011. Annual miles driven in the U.S. is an important driver for demand in the automotive aftermarket and has historically been a key barometer for the health of the industry. However, in recent years, the degree to which miles driven in the U.S. affects aftermarket demand has been impacted by the aging of the vehicle population and the corresponding increase in the miles driven on older
on to their existing vehicles for longer periods of time. The average age of the U.S. vehicle population increased to 10.8 years in 2011. Miles driven on older vehicles results in a better yield for auto parts demand since these vehicles are outside of manufacturer warranty periods, undergo more routine maintenance cycles and incur more frequent mechanical failures. This trend towards holding on to vehicles for longer periods accelerated with the U.S. economic downturn over the
consumers will continue to feel the pressure of increasing prices at the gas pump with both of these factors acting as a headwind to demand for our business. However, we believe the change in the value perception of vehicle ownership will persist with the willingness of consumers to keep their vehicles and drive them at higher mileages mitigating the impact of macro-economic pressures from unemployment and gas prices. This scenario is consistent with our expectations heading into 2011 which played out with our solid comparable store performance in a challenging economic environment. To the extent the U.S. economy recovers and unemployment decreases, the resulting increase in commuter miles will drive higher demand for the aftermarket and we believe will offset any corresponding increase in new vehicle sales.
New Store Growth
With the bulk of the physical integra- tion of the CSK stores in our rear view mirror, 2011 proved to be a productive year for new store growth. We opened 170 net new stores during the year, an increase of 21 stores from the 149 net new stores that we opened in 2010. Our growth strategy remains two-fold: entering new markets in regions contiguous to our existing distribution network and backfilling in existing regions where we have outstanding opportunities to more fully penetrate the market. As a result, a bulk of our growth in 2011 was in Southeast, East Coast and Ohio Valley markets, including the opening of our first store in West Virginia, our 39th state.
Our plan is to open 180 stores in 2012, and we expect to have the ability to incrementally increase that number over time. Although we certainly have the capital resources to open more stores than currently planned, we remain disciplined and focused on only opening stores we are confident can achieve our return
vehicles. Total miles driven in the U.S. was slightly lower in 2011 versus 2010, primarily due to a lack of commuter miles driven resulting from unemployment above historical levels and pressures from increased gas prices. The total number of vehicles on the road has remained fairly constant, as new car sales have been below historical averages over the last two years and vehicle scrap rates have not increased. The headwinds in miles driven and a flat vehicle population were offset by the continuing trend of an increasing vehicle age as consumers are holding
past several years as consumers have realized that, with proper maintenance, older vehicles can be reliably driven at higher miles due to the improved quality of vehicles manufactured in the past decade. We believe this has led to a change in overall consumer sentiment towards vehicle ownership and we believe consumers will continue to keep their vehicles even longer as the economy recovers maintaining the trend of an aging vehicle population.
Looking forward to 2012, we expect the rate of unemployment to remain relatively high and believe
O’Reilly Automotive 2011 Annual Report
6

We remain dedicated to
generating profitable growth
and attractive returns.
gaining as much market share as possible, on both sides of the business, through the execution of the proven strategy that has made O’Reilly successful for over 50 years.
Historically, major acquisitions such as CSK have been a very accretive avenue for profitable growth. The overall automotive aftermarket remains very fragmented, with the top 10 chains in the U.S. accounting for only about 45% of the total market. The number of auto parts retail locations nationwide has remained around 36,000 for the last 10 years, even with the growth of the top players in the industry. We constantly monitor the competitive environment and evaluate opportunities to consolidate the industry through acquisitions. We remain one of the few companies in the aftermarket willing to supplement greenfield growth with acquisitions of single stores or small chains. We also seek out opportunities for larger, “tuck-in” type acquisitions which, although no longer available to the scale of CSK, would allow us to enter new markets with a significant number of stores. For acquisitions of any size, we will
  goals, are located in attractive markets and can be staffed with experienced and quality Team Members. Our new store site selection process involves an extensive analysis of market demographics, vehicle registration information, the competitive environ- ment and a comprehensive list of other factors, all of which must be met before the decision is made to open a new store. Most importantly, we conduct an exhaustive training process to ensure that each new store’s team of professional parts people can deliver our high standards of customer service and expense control from day one. The ability to grow over a large distribution footprint – we have capacity for over 500 additional stores spread out between 23 regional distribution centers covering 39 states – is a key factor in our efforts to develop exceptional new store teams. As a result, 2012 will see new O’Reilly stores from coast to coast, including expansion markets along the East Coast, south into Central Florida, and through the Ohio Valley into Pennsylvania, with additional growth across the country in existing markets. New store growth has historically proven to be an excellent return on our shareholders’ investment and we will continue to prudently, but aggressively, expand our store base.
Integration of Acquired
Parts Stores
2011 marked the three year anniversary of the acquisition of CSK and also marked the completion of the physical conversion and integration of these acquired stores. We com- pleted the final store interior resets
and replaced the remaining legacy CSK signs during the year. Now that the physical conversion is complete and the acquired stores have all of the tools necessary to execute our Dual Market Strategy, we’ve focused on building the strongest store teams in the industry, which will enable
us to significantly grow our market share in the Western States. Although we have made significant improvements in the top line perfor- mance of the acquired CSK stores, we believe we have the opportunity to greatly improve the average revenue per store as we continue to penetrate the professional service provider market. In addition, we see an opportunity to regain retail hard part DIY market share CSK lost in the years prior to the acquisition. Our ultimate goal for these stores is to better leverage our fixed costs by
 O’Reilly Automotive 2011 Annual Report
7
The Right Product Mix
Our stores offer a wide selection of brand-name and private-label products for domestic and imported automobiles, vans, and trucks tailored for each store based on the local vehicle population. All of these parts meet or exceed original equipment requirements and provide a superior combination of quality and value.
  
  Experienced Management Team
Standing: Tom McFall, Greg Henslee, David O’Reilly, Ted Wise Seated: Mike Swearengin, Greg Johnson, Jeff Shaw, Randy Johnson
 continue to be disciplined in our analysis and will remain a very opportunistic buyer.
Free Cash Flow and
Share Repurchases
2011 was a transformational year for our company in the area of capital structure and deployment. In January, we enacted our new financing plans which included the replacement of our asset based revolver with an unsecured revolving credit facility, the issuance of $500 million of unsecured 10 year senior notes which carried an inaugural investment grade credit rating, the announcement of our targeted leverage ratio of 2.00 to 2.25 times adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDAR, and the initiation of our Board approved share repurchase program. With the retirement of the secured asset based facility, and fueled by our
Greg Henslee
Chief Executive Officer and Co-President
and improving our investment grade credit ratings.
Looking Forward to 2012
Our focus on executing our proven Dual Market Strategy and unwavering commitment to maintaining and living our Culture Values every day, along with a disciplined approach to the prudent use of capital, resulted in a 25% increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share in 2011. During 2012, we will invest in maintaining our existing stores to ensure our customers continue to have attractive, clean and friendly stores to shop. We will also expand our store base with the opening of 180 net new stores across the country, in both existing and new markets, while also keeping a close eye on the competitive landscape for potential strategic acquisition opportunities. As the U.S. macro-economic environment improves and unemployment returns to more historic levels, we believe the demand for auto parts will grow with the related increase in consumer confidence and commuter miles driven, and we remain very well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity.
We would like to thank all of
our shareholders for your continued support. We remain dedicated to generating profitable growth and attractive returns. We will continue to directly return value to you in the form of share repurchases during 2012 after we have exhausted all profitable growth opportunities. We would like to once again thank our Team Members whose contributions make the Company’s success possible. We are excited about the opportunities that 2012 will bring, and we look forward to discussing our results in next year’s Annual Report.
Thomas McFall
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Finance
investment grade credit ratings, we were able to work with our banking partners to reestablish a competitive supplier financing program which offers very attractive rates to participants. Throughout 2011, we were able to enroll many of our suppliers in this program, allowing us to significantly reduce our supply chain costs and decrease our working capital investment. We used the free cash generated from this working capital improvement and our strong operating results, along with an additional offering of $300 million of senior notes in September, to repurchase and retire almost $1 billion of our common stock during the year. We will continue to prudently utilize share repurchases to return value to our shareholders as a component of our ongoing comprehensive capital deployment plans, while also remaining dedicated to maintaining
Ted Wise
Chief Operating Officer and Co-President
   O’Reilly Automotive 2011 Annual Report
8
