o’reilly automotive 2006 annual report
  Letter to Shareholders
   Our road to success ... begins and ends with excellent customer service.
Whether in Noel, Missouri, population 1,480, or metropolitan Atlanta, popula- tion 5 million; whether in Bismarck, North Dakota, with an average winter low temperature of -1 degree, or in Brownsville, Texas, with an average winter high temperature of 70 degrees, our road to success begins and ends with excellent customer service. In every one of our 1,640 stores, our ability to provide excellent customer service sets us apart from the other options available to
our customers. At O’Reilly, superior customer service means a friendly Professional Parts Person, whose singular goal is to help solve a customer’s problem with technical advice and superior in- stock and parts availability at fair prices. Whether it is a do-it-yourselfer who is trying to get their vehicle back on the road, or a professional installer trying to run an efficient, profitable business, our Professional Parts People are there to help our customers achieve their goals. By consistently providing excellent cus- tomer service, we gain the customer’s trust, build a win-win relationship and earn their repeat business. At O’Reilly, we sum up our culture in the motto “Live Green,” and we focus on perpetu- ating and growing our Live Green culture every day.
operating profit as a percentage of sales
10%
01 02 03 04 05 06
Our operating margin of 12.4% in 2006 is the highest level ever for O’Reilly and is the direct result of Team O’Reilly’s focus on profitable sales growth and expense control.
2006 was a challenging year for both Team O’Reilly and our customers. High energy costs reduced miles driven during the summer months for the first time in recent history and put pressure on our customers’ pocket books. Despite the temporary reduction in miles driven, one of our key business drivers, our team dug in and worked hard to increase sales by 11.6% and achieve a same-store sales increase of 3.3%. In this tough sales environment, our 17,494 store team members were extremely focused on solid, profitable sales growth achieved through building new customer relationships and enhancing existing ones. Our focus on profitable sales growth and expense control (a Team O’Reilly Live Green core value) enabled us to increase operating margin to 12.4%, the highest level ever for our Company.
In 2006, we continued our proven, profitable growth model by adding 170 new stores. The two main components of our successful growth model are people and support. The success of an O’Reilly store, new or existing, is shaped by the quality of our store team. To ensure our store is staffed with Professional Parts People, we hire people who fit our culture, focus on education through our e-learning system and perpetuate our culture with hands-on mentoring made possible by our low ratio of operations
  13%
12%
11%
            All team members know that understanding customers personally and professionally is a very important aspect in building business relationships. They don’t see their customers as just another sale; they value their friendship and work hard to exceed their expectations in order to retain their business.
page 1

o’reilly automotive 2006 annual report
    management to stores. To better support our Professional Parts People, the new store openings were concentrated around our newest distribution centers in Atlanta, Georgia, and Indianapolis, Indiana. This increased market penetration provides improved economies of scale as it relates to brand recognition, advertising, distribution and operations.
In addition to the new stores opened in 2006, we completed the integration of our acquisition of the Midwest Auto Parts chain, which was purchased in 2005. With our merchandise mix in place, systems fully converted and our team members “Living Green,” we are ready to increase our rate of expansion
in the Northern Plains. To support this growth, we will relocate the St. Paul, Minnesota, distribution center in mid- 2007 to a new, larger (240,000 square feet) and much more efficient distribution center in Brooklyn Park, Minnesota, a suburb of Minneapolis. As has been our history, acquisitions will continue to be
a key component in our growth strategy. We will continue to be opportunistic industry consolidators when the geographic location, culture and value meet our acquisition requirements.
Excellent customer service doesn’t begin and end at the stores. Providing the high level of parts availability our customers have come to expect requires an extensive logistics and distribution network. Our 3,188 dedicated distribution center team members are totally committed to pro- viding excellent customer service to their customers - our stores. The distribution center team provides the highest level of store in-stock rates and parts availability in the industry by delivering to every store five nights a week and providing four to eight daily deliveries to our stores in metro markets that have a distribution center. To support our contiguous growth, we expanded our distribution footprint in 2006 by adding our 14th
David O’Reilly
Chairman of the Board
total number of stores
distribution center in Indianapolis. This distribution center allows us to service all of the markets in Indiana as well as Cincinnati, Ohio; Louisville, Kentucky; and Dayton, Ohio.
From the day we opened the doors at
our first store, expense control has been ingrained in our Live Green culture. All team members are continually reminded to reduce expenses without negatively impacting our goal of providing excellent customer service. With comparable store sales below historical levels and rising energy costs, we experienced tremendous pressure on our operating, selling, general and administrative costs (OSG&A), but by Living Green, our team was able to reduce per store OSG&A costs by
1% per store in 2006. We were able to accomplish this by: tightly controlling payroll without sacrificing our high-level of customer service, reducing our energy usage through energy management enhancement initiatives at the distribution centers and stores, improving safety performance (another tenet of Living Green), and scrutinizing every expense item. While expense control is a continual focus, our team members’ expense discipline held the line on OSG&A in
a challenging year.
The road to achieving our “Four-N-Ten Everyone Wins” goal of reaching sales of $4 billion by 2010 begins and ends with excellent customer service. Our ability to continually exceed customer expectations in our 1,640 existing stores, and the 190 to 195 new stores that will open in 2007, will be the key to our success. Staffing our stores with knowledgeable, friendly Professional Parts People armed with
the tools and support to help solve our customers’ problems and meet their needs will continue our tradition of building customer trust and relationships. These win-win relationships will be the vehicle we use to drive sales, because in the
end ... people buy from people.
Tom McFall
Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer
 Our distribution centers stock over 116,000 part numbers. Once a part has been ordered, our advanced inventory control system and handling technology allow the part to be picked, packed and delivered to the store and to our customer within 24 hours.
  1,750
1,500
1,250
1,000
750
500
250
0
                                        01 02 03
04 05
06
In 2006, we plan to open 190 to 195 new stores, located primarily in markets served by our newest DCs in Minneapolis, Indianapolis and Atlanta.
Our co-founder, C.F. O’Reilly once said, “People do business with people they like.” This is a philosophy that has been adopted throughout our Company and the reason our customers continue to reward us with their business.
         Greg Henslee
Chief Executive Officer and Co-President
Ted Wise
Chief Operating Officer and Co-President
page 2
