 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
On behalf of Team O’Reilly, it is a privilege to present outstanding results for 2012, our fourth straight year of 25% or greater adjusted earnings per share growth and our 20th consecutive year of positive comparable store sales performance and record operating income results since becoming a public company in 1993. Once again, our growth and success is the direct result
of our hard-working and dedicated Team Members who are committed to providing unsurpassed levels of service to our customers every day. Without their relentless focus on taking care of every customer who calls or walks into our stores, we could not have achieved our record-breaking results, and we would like to thank each of our 53,000 Team Members for their contributions to our continued success.
to reinforce our fundamental Culture Values, which have been the backbone of our success since the Company was formed in 1957. The high-energy conference was a tremendous success, and our management team left fired up to execute our growth plan and profitably grow market share.
Growing Market Share
The engine that will continue to drive our profitable growth,
and our number one priority as a Company, is our consistent, unsurpassed customer service to both do-it-yourself and professional service provider customers. Our relentless focus
on executing our proven Dual Market Strategy during 2012 generated a 3.8% increase in comparable store sales, which
was on top of a strong 4.6% increase in comparable store sales during 2011 and a very robust 8.8% increase in comparable
store sales during 2010. Our top-line growth, delivered year after year, is a testament to the strength of our team and a reflection of our focus on customer service. We refuse to rest on our past accomplishments and continually evaluate our competitive position on a store-by-store basis, aggressively looking for ways to enhance our customer service. Key initiatives we implemented during 2012, aimed at improving upon our high levels of customer service, included:
• The investment of over $150 million in inventory, all positioned closest to our customers in our stores, improving our already outstanding in-stock positions;
• The rollout of our proprietary, enhanced electronic catalog to all our stores, allowing our parts professionals to more quickly and easily respond to customer needs;
• An increase in the number of HUB stores in our service network, augmenting our already robust distribution network of 24 regional distribution centers and over 200 existing HUB stores; and
12
Our 12 Culture Values include: Commitment, Dedication, Enthusiasm, Excellent Customer Service, Expense Control, Hard Work, Honesty, Professionalism, Respect, Safety, Teamwork and Win-Win Attitude.
We began 2012, as we do every year, with our annual Managers’ Conference, where we had the opportunity to gather over
5,000 of our operations and sales team leaders together in one place for three days of training, planning and Culture building activities. Our conference theme was “O’Reilly Pride Is Alive
at 55” and that pride was on display during this forum where
we recognized our Company’s top performers, expressed our appreciation to our managers for their ongoing commitment to our success, provided training focused on providing even better customer service and received feedback from our managers
on ways to continually improve upon our proven Dual Market Strategy (our process of focusing equally on building and maintaining relationships with both the do-it-yourself retail and the do-it-for-me professional service provider customers). Most importantly, our annual Managers’ Conference is an opportunity
Proven Dual Market Strategy
O’Reilly is dedicated to serving the needs of both DIY and professional service provider customers. Our proven Dual Market Strategy continues to set us apart from our competitors and is key to our ongoing success. Our stores are staffed with well-trained and technically proficient Team Members dedicated to providing unsurpassed levels of customer service. Our professional sales team of regional and territory sales managers enhance the service provided by our experienced in-store sales specialists and are responsible for establishing and maintaining strong business partnerships with profes- sional service provider customers to ensure O’Reilly is their First Call for all auto parts needs.
5
O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
   
• Anincreaseinweekenddeliveriestoourstoresfromour distribution centers and HUB stores, providing our stores with seven-day-a-week access to a broader range of hard-to-find parts, not available in most auto parts stores.
The investment in store-level inventories expands the wide breadth of hard parts already stocked in all of our stores allowing us to say “Yes” to our customers even more often and improves upon the advantage we already have over our competitors who carry fewer parts at the store level. The rollout of our enhanced electronic catalog provides our parts professionals with an expanded range of applications, improved product content
and specifications, easier search capabilities and an updated interface that is easier to learn, providing one more important tool our parts professionals can utilize to provide even higher levels of service to our customers. We invested in the addition
of 48 HUB locations throughout our store network during 2012, which represents a 25% increase over 2011. Our HUB stores, which carry on average 20,000 more parts than a typical store carries, further augment our 24 regional distribution centers, which carry an average of 142,000 parts, by providing stores improved same-day access to a much broader range of harder- to-find parts. Expanded weekend availability to the hard-to-find parts stocked in our distribution centers and HUB stores allows our stores to provide the same high level of service over the weekend we provide each business day, allowing us to put the right part in our customers’ hands when they need it, seven
days a week. These initiatives, in addition to our dedication
to providing the highest levels of service in the industry and
our relentless focus on expense control, generated a record 15.8% operating margin for the year. Our 20 consecutive years
of record operating income results prove that by providing consistent, unsurpassed customer service, we can profitably grow our business in periods of both strong and more difficult macroeconomic conditions.
Historically,keydemanddriversfortheautomotiveaftermarket have been total miles driven, the average age of the vehicle fleet and the size of the vehicle fleet. Prior to 2008, total miles driven in the United States grew steadily every year; however from 2007 to 2011, the recession contributed to historically high levels of unemployment, reducing the number of commuter miles driven and resulting in a decrease in total miles driven over that period. During 2012, unemployment levels improved and commuters returned to the road, driving an increase in total miles driven for
4 2 The number of states where more than 53,000 dedicated Team Members work
hard to provide excellent customer service every day.
the year. We are optimistic that these positive employment trends and corresponding growth in total miles driven will continue in 2013, and will result in continued demand for our products. The age of the fleet has increased every year for the past ten years, primarily driven by improvements in manufacturing quality, which allow vehicles, with proper maintenance, to be reliably driven at much higher miles and remain on the road for longer periods than ever before. These older vehicles go through
more routine maintenance cycles and typically require more repairs than newer vehicles, driving demand for our products. With extremely difficult economic times, the size of the vehicle fleet has decreased slightly over the past three years as new vehicle sales have been below historical levels and scrappage rates have remained consistent. We are optimistic that as the economy recovers, new vehicle sales will improve and scrappage rates will remain at consistent levels, driving an increased fleet size, comprised of high quality vehicles designed to stay on the road for long periods of time, and resulting in continued strong demand for our products. While we do expect our average consumer to continue to be under pressure from an overall difficult macroeconomic environment, we are confident that the
145
24
48 13 35
Growth from Coast to Coast
Store Counts 200-600 100-199 1-99 Distribution Centers •
We provide top-notch customer service to both professional ser- vice provider and do-it-yourself customers in 42 states. During 2012, we opened 180 net, new stores staffed with well trained teams eager to aggressively execute our proven Dual Market Strategy. Our strategically located, regional distribution cen- ters provide access to unsurpassed levels of parts availability to our stores seven days a week. We will continue to expand our O’Reilly brand, from coast to coast, in 2013, with the investment in 190 net, new stores in both existing and new markets.
33
130
109
6
O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
               48
11
16 110 3
87 18
              30
67
   483
56
84
147 95 115
          72183 440 65
           41
112
142
130 72
           584
101
90
72
112
167
   13
    11
58
  
7
O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
  Enhanced Parts Availability
To improve upon our already outstanding customer service, in 2012 we invested $150 million in store- level inventory enhancements. We evaluated the competitive position of all of our stores and stra- tegically and systematically increased the breadth of parts carried in our stores where it is closest to our customers.
fundamental drivers for long-term growth in the automotive aftermarket remain intact and our continued focus on providing exceptional levels of service, each day, will continue to enable us to profitably grow our market share.
New Store Growth
New store openings are a powerful component of our long-term growth strategy, and in 2012 our new stores outperformed our high expectations, supported by
well trained teams who are excited to deliver O’Reilly’s outstanding customer service, In 2012, we opened 180 stores across the country, in both new and existing markets, with much of our expansion market growth occurring in Florida, the Ohio Valley, and on the East and West Coasts. We were able to capitalize on highly profitable backfill opportunities across the country, where the attractive real estate market, leverage on existing distribution and advertising expenses and the outstanding reputation of the O’Reilly brand drove a strong return on investment. We remain very committed to driving profitable growth, and as we increase our geographic footprint across a greater portion of the United States,
we are excited about the expanded selection of favorable, prospective sites available for new store openings. We continue to identify and mentor our future managers and are very confident that we have built a strong bench of effective leaders ready to provide industry leading customer service. In 2013, we plan to invest in the opening of 190 new stores from coast to coast, with aggressive expansion into Florida, which will be supported by our new state-of-the- art distribution center that is scheduled to open in the first quarter of 2014. Our existing network of 24 strategically located regional distribution centers has capacity to service over 400 additional stores, and with this capacity spread throughout the country, we can effectively support each new store with a strong management team and drive the continued, profitable investment in our store growth.
Integration of Acquired Parts Stores
Another key component of our profitable growth strategy has been to act as an opportunistic industry consolidator
by targeting independently owned auto parts stores, as
well as multi-store auto parts chains, that strengthen
our position as the leading automotive aftermarket parts supplier in our existing markets and provide building blocks for growth into new markets. Acquisitions have historically proven to be very accretive to our profitable growth and are a powerful way to grow our brand awareness and expand our market share, and we continue to be excited about future acquisition opportunities. At the end of 2012, we were pleased to announce our purchase of the auto parts related assets of VIP Parts, Tires & Service (“VIP”), which
is a large privately held automotive parts, tires and service chain in the northeast. This acquisition added 56 stores
and one distribution center to our Company, but more importantly, it established a geographic footprint into the northeast which will act as a springboard for our continued growth in New England. During 2013, we will integrate these acquired stores and distribution center into our systems and programs, and we will begin to implement our Dual Market Strategy as we prepare for future profitable growth throughout this new market.
The automotive aftermarket remains a highly fragmented market, with the ten largest auto parts chains in the
United States representing approximately only 45% of
the total market share. As we continue to monitor the competitive environment, we are confident that further accretive acquisition opportunities still exist; we will remain disciplined in our approach to evaluating these opportunities, and we will continue to be opportunistic buyers as we diligently work to further consolidate our industry while remaining focused on profitable growth.
 
8
O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
   Free Cash Flow and Share Repurchases
Through our focus on a combination of profitable growth and increased productivity of our net inventory investment, we generated a record $950 million in free cash flow during 2012, which represented a 20% increase over our 2011 record free cash flow of $791 million. This significant achievement is due in large part to the execution of the comprehensive financing plan we established at the beginning of 2011, when we received our inaugural investment grade credit ratings and re-launched a very attractive supplier financing program. We have been very pleased with the success of the supplier financing program over the past two years, which has allowed us to decrease our working capital requirements by $781 million, and we will work to continue to grow this program in the future.
In August of 2012, we issued $300 million in investment-grade, credit-rated senior notes. This issuance was a component of our comprehensive financing plan aimed at optimizing our capital structure, and we will continue to incrementally increase our leverage as we cautiously, but constructively, move closer to
our targeted leverage ratio of 2.00 to 2.25 times adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDAR. We are steadfastly committed to maintaining and improving our investment grade credit ratings, and will ensure we maintain adequate liquidity to execute our profitable growth plans.
By effectively executing our comprehensive financing plan and generating record free cash flow, we have been able to directly return $2.6 billion in value to our shareholders over the past two years by repurchasing 34 million shares at an average price of $76.37. These share repurchases, along with our strong top-line sales growth and record 15.8% operating margin, generated
an outstanding 25% increase in 2012 adjusted diluted earnings per share. After we have invested in our profitable growth and exhausted any potentially accretive acquisition opportunities, we expect to continue to directly return value to our shareholders in 2013 through share repurchases.
Experienced Management Team
With more than 285 years of automotive industry experience, O’Reilly’s executive management team provides something that not all companies can brag about – proven leaders who know the ins and outs of their business from having worked in virtually every facet of the Company.
Front row, left to right: Tony Bartholomew,
Randy Johnson, Greg Henslee, Jeff Shaw, Tom McFall Back row, left to right: David O’Reilly, Ted Wise,
Mike Swearengin, Greg Johnson, Steve Jasinski
Looking Forward to 2013
As we look ahead to 2013, we are excited about the opportunities to continue to profitably grow market share and enhance shareholder value. We continue to identify and mentor the
next generation of store managers and are confident that the 190 new stores we will open from coast to coast will be staffed with great leaders, supported by strong teams, who are ready
to provide industry leading customer service. We will continue our growth into central Florida, which will be supported by a new, state-of-the-art distribution center scheduled to open in Lakeland, Florida, during the first quarter of 2014. Our recently acquired VIP stores will be converted to our systems and signage during the year, and we are anxious to begin implementing
our Dual Market Strategy as we use these acquired stores
as a springboard for expansion in the New England market. Most importantly, we will continue to perpetuate our
Culture throughout the Company and remain focused on the fundamental tool that has been the backbone to our success and will be the catalyst of our future profitable growth - consistent, superior customer service.
We are very grateful to each of our shareholders for your ongoing support and are honored that you have placed your trust in O’Reilly, and we remain committed to continuing our long track record of strong and profitable growth. Finally, we would like to again thank our Team Members for their many contributions to our continued success. We are very proud of our strong financial performance in 2012 and we look forward to another great year in 2013.
   GREG HENSLEE
Chief Executive Officer and President
THOMAS MCFALL
Chief Financial Officer
and Executive Vice President of Finance
 