  David O’Reilly
Chairman of the Board
2004 HORSEPOWER
Letter to Shareholders
While we faced many challenges during 2004, we are very pleased at how Team O’Reilly pulled together once again for a successful year. After a very strong first quarter, sales began to soften in the second quarter as a result of unseasonably cool and wet weather. The third quarter remained challenging with below normal temperatures and four hurricanes that tore across the southeast. We were very fortunate that none of our team members suffered severe injuries. We came back strong in the fourth quarter and are very pleased with how we finished the year.
Product sales increased 13.9% for the year to $1.72 billion, another milestone on the road to our 2-4-Your Future goal of $2 billion in sales. Net income was up 17.6% over 2003, to $117.7 million and we achieved an operating margin of 11.1%. Comparable store sales increased 6.8%, a tremendous feat considering the 7.8% increase of 2003, along with the difficult weather and high fuel prices we have faced in 2004.
We opened 140 new stores in 2004, making us the fourth largest automotive aftermarket retailer in the United States. As part of this expansion, we moved into South Carolina, giving us a presence in 19 contiguous states. For 2005, we are targeting 160 new stores, with a majority in the southeast, to capitalize on the distribution center we will be opening in Atlanta, Georgia in the spring. This represents a continuation of our expansion philosophy to grow into new, contiguous markets while filling in existing markets, as well.
We have a number of very exciting projects underway that will ensure our continued leadership in utiliz- ing technology to achieve extremely high levels of customer service and team member productivity. We’re very excited about our diverse advertising and marketing program, with great exposure to our tar- geted demographics through motor sports, college and professional athletics and a variety of cable televi- sion programming and print media.
2 O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE

       We continue to emphasize that everything we do as O’Reilly team members should be to live by the values of our Company’s culture. The same values that the 11 original team members approached their jobs with everyday, the same values that have made us the successful company that we are today.
We are confident in our aggressive approach to the market and feel that despite swings on a short-term basis, the fundamentals in the industry continue to be very strong. The number and average age of
cars on the road and miles driven continue to increase. As the population of vehicles entering prime repair age continues to grow, these factors will continue to support the strength of the automotive aftermarket over time. Team O’Reilly continues to be intensely focused on merchandising and operational improvements to ensure exceptional customer service, which is our number one priority. As our advertising and promotional programs continue driving stronger store traffic, our professional, well trained team members will deliver strong sales. Our stores have never looked better and our commitment to provide great customer service is as strong as ever. On all fronts, our sales team has never been more focused
on growing market share.
We look back on 2004 pleased with our accomplishments and look forward to 2005 with excitement. We will continue to live the O’Reilly Culture and do the things that have made us one of the top companies in the automotive aftermarket. We would like to thank our shareholders and customers for your continued confidence and support and we would like to thank our team members for your hard work everyday. Together we will continue to succeed in our mission of making O’Reilly Automotive the dominant supplier of auto parts in our market areas.
David O’Reilly
Chairman of the Board
 2004 ANNUAL REPORT 3
