  FULL THROTTLE
AN OUTSTANDING YEAR
Fiscal 2004 has been an outstanding year for Oshkosh Truck Corporation. For the first time in company history, sales topped the $2 billion mark at $2.3 billion, up 17.5 percent from fiscal 2003. We generated $112.8 million in net income, up 49.2 percent year-over-year, and our return on invested capital reached 18.3 percent, up from 14.4 percent in fiscal 2003.
We generated real growth this year. Most notable was the performance of our defense segment, which was the primary driver behind the 44.9 percent growth in EPS, from $2.16 to $3.13 per share. Defense operating results served to balance weak profit performance in our commercial business segment, once again demonstrating the strength of our diversified business model.
Several significant events have shaped company performance in fiscal 2004 and provide fuel to move full throttle into 2005. To begin, defense sales and operating income reached record levels. Although there are a number of drivers for these results, three stand out. First, our ability to fulfill parts and service requirements – made possible by our in-theater support and fast response. Second, the need to recapitalize, or reset, trucks returning from Iraq to like-new condition. And, finally, a renewed emphasis on armoring logistics fleets.
McNeilus Companies inked a five-year contract to be a key supplier for Waste Management, Inc. This deal has a potential value of $250 million over the life of the contract, providing a solid base for McNeilus’ refuse business.
We also closed on three acquisitions within the span of six months: JerrDan Corporation, Brescia Antincendi International S.r.l. (“BAI”) and Concrete Equipment Company, Inc. (“CON-E-CO”). By adding JerrDan to our corporate portfolio, we moved into the towing and recovery equipment market. We’re pleased with the strength of JerrDan’s brand and distribution within its market. With BAI’s international sales, primarily in Italy and the Middle East, we enhance our geographic penetration in the fire and emergency market. Finally, CON-E-CO allows us to extend our product offering in the concrete industry with a full line of concrete batch plants.
Even a year of significant achievement is not without its disappointments. In October 2004, we learned that Oshkosh had not been selected to supply the U.K. Ministry of Defence with the next generation of Support Vehicles. If passion and dedication had determined the winner, this team would have brought the contract home. I’m proud of our efforts to win this program. Now we’ve moved on and are actively pursuing other international defense opportunities to supplement our strong U.S. sales.
Finally, no discussion of fiscal 2004 would be complete without commenting on the sharp rise of steel costs. It was an influential factor on our performance this year. Despite several price increases that we levied in our commercial and fire and emergency segments, we still took a hit of $0.17 per share this year.
ROBERT G. BOHN
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Oshkosh Truck Corporation
 2
 
   3
 
  FULL THROTTLE
Oshkosh Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacement (“MTVR”) supporting troops in Iraq.
A COMMANDING PERFORMANCE IN OUR DEFENSE SEGMENT
Overall defense sales reached $774.1 million, an increase of 17.8 percent in fiscal 2004, and defense operating income reached $127.9 million, up 86.1 percent over last year.
In some respects, the conflict in Iraq has been a defining element for our defense business. The vital role and exceptional performance of high-mobility tactical trucks such as the Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical Truck (“HEMTT”), Heavy Equipment Transporter (“HET”), Palletized Load System (“PLS”) and Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacement (“MTVR”) have never been more prominent. In the long-term, I believe we’ll see a fundamental shift in requirements for heavy tactical trucks as a result of this conflict.
Furthermore, we target defense sales to reach record levels again in fiscal 2005, with Iraqi reset funding and armoring contracts trending upward. We now have a four- year, fixed-price contract to rebuild heavy-payload tactical trucks for the U.S. Army, although funding levels have not been finalized. We have also been armoring our own trucks,
Humvees® and Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles (“FMTV”)
® Humvee is a registered trademark of AM General Corporation, South Bend, Indiana.
for the U.S. Army in theater throughout much of fiscal 2004. And, in September, we received a new $144.6 million contract to provide armor kits for our Marine Corps trucks.
Internationally, the U.K. Wheeled Tanker program is proceeding on schedule and on budget, with the first deliveries expected in Spring 2005.
FIRE AND EMERGENCY TAKES OFF
Fire and emergency sales were up 12.1 percent to $599.7 million compared to the prior year, with $35.4 million of that generated by acquisitions. Operating income for this business grew 5.5 percent to $55.0 million. Fiscal 2004 was characterized by a robust recovery in the municipal market as reflected in Pierce’s record incoming order rate and strong fourth quarter earnings performance, up 39.1 percent compared to the same quarter last year. Our distribution also continues to develop as we have made several improvements in 2004 to strengthen select geographic penetration.
The homeland security market continues to materialize as federal, state and local agencies are still figuring out what equipment they need and when. This year, we saw strong demand
 4
 
  “Our well-reasoned, conservative business strategies have served this company well. In fiscal 2004, we generated real growth, expanded our markets and launched a lean initiative to help improve our efficiency and profitability.”
 PERCENT OF NET SALES*
PERCENT OF OPERATING INCOME*
    FIRE AND EMERGENCY
26%
FIRE AND EMERGENCY
25%
  34%
59%
   COMMERCIAL 40% *By segment, before intersegment elimination
DEFENSE
COMMERCIAL   16% *By segment, before corporate and other expenses
DEFENSE
for rescue and command apparatus. The complexity of these vehicles and their communications systems has increased the price of apparatus, with the top end now reaching up to $1.4 million.
We believe the fire and emergency market dynamics have improved substantially. The incoming order rate for Pierce supports this thinking. It also sets the groundwork for strong shipments and earnings in fiscal 2005.
WORKING TO IMPROVE COMMERCIAL PERFORMANCE
In the commercial segment, our sales rose to $907.3 million, up 22.3 percent over last year, but operating income in this segment fell 13.3 percent. Concrete placement sales grew 30.5 percent with most of the increase coming from industry volume growth and negligible pricing improvements. Domestic refuse sales increased 24.4 percent in fiscal 2004, largely resulting from increased business with the largest commercial waste haulers.
We continue to see municipal refuse spending improve. However, our European refuse subsidiary, Geesink Norba Group, was down 9.4 percent in local currency revenues due to further deterioration in European markets, including lower pricing in many countries. Despite our best efforts to mitigate the impact of
this down market, Geesink Norba Group incurred a small loss in fiscal 2004. Nonetheless, Geesink Norba Group has held its market share, based on our estimates, suggesting the introduction of the value-priced Valu€PakTM line was a smart marketing move.
To put it bluntly, the performance of our commercial segment was disappointing. Profitability is not where it needs to be, which is particularly frustrating considering the increase in sales. For this reason, we are aggressively raising prices to counter steel and component cost increases. We also launched a major
McNeilus RevolutionTM is a composite mixer drum that helps concrete producers increase profitability.
   5
 
  FULL THROTTLE
lean initiative throughout McNeilus’ entire operations to reduce their cost structure. In addition, Mike Wuest was promoted to president of McNeilus. Mike has strong operations and supply chain management experience, which is a valuable asset for McNeilus. We also reorganized Geesink Norba Group’s operations and believe these moves support our drive for stronger margins in fiscal 2005.
In fiscal 2004, we took care of the problems that had affected the launch of our new Revolution mixer drum. It was a matter of stabilizing our processes. With that job complete, we now have stepped up our marketing efforts.
We’ve made it through two-and-a-half years of a weak economy dampening sales volumes in the U.S. refuse and concrete placement industries. In fiscal 2004, we turned the corner. Order rates surged and continue to hold steady. A strong backlog holds the potential to be a leading earnings driver for our commercial segment in fiscal 2005 and 2006, especially since fleet replacement cycles were interrupted for nearly three years.
MOVING FORWARD AT FULL THROTTLE
As we look to the future, our priorities are clear. First, we look to the successful integration of JerrDan, BAI and CON-E-CO, working to achieve our EPS accretion target of $0.20 per share for these acquisitions in fiscal 2005. Then, we will set our sights on additional strategic acquisitions that could strengthen not only our revenues and profitability, but also our leadership position within select specialty truck and truck body markets.
We will also aggressively focus on lean manufacturing initiatives in our commercial segment, bringing margins in line. We will expand these initiatives throughout the corporation in 2005. In addition to changing our production processes, our dedication to lean manufacturing will also change the way we think and analyze every aspect of this company.
Future growth in the defense business is strongly linked to new requirements created by heavy use of our vehicles in the
 6
 
  Pierce Mobile Command Post in service in Washington, DC.
Middle East, a drive for new technologies within military fleets and new international contracts. We believe we are well positioned to address all of these opportunities and will be diligently working to ensure the rapid fulfillment of contracts. In addition, the U.S. military is likely to need parts and recap services to bring their fleets to peak readiness over the next several years. The armoring of logistics vehicles is also likely to be a priority for years to come.
We believe innovation is a critical element in maintaining a leadership position in the markets in which we compete. Because of this, we will continue our investment in research and development of new products, like the Revolution. In response, our customers tell us they are pleased that we have challenged the status quo in the concrete placement industry, helping them become more productive and profitable. In fiscal 2005, we expect solid performance from the Revolution, supporting stronger sales and healthier margins at McNeilus.
7
We anticipate the steel market will remain hot, driving us to continually evaluate our product pricing policies to limit the impact on operating margins. We are committed to
appropriately raising our prices to reflect market forces. Municipal markets have recovered substantially. In 2005, we will work to capitalize on this trend in the fire and emergency market and actively target municipal sales in
our refuse business.
We made great progress in fiscal 2004. However, we are
a company for whom celebrations are brief as we begin work on the next opportunity. With a strong balance sheet, solid earnings potential in each business segment, and several new acquisitions, we are moving full throttle toward the future.
 ROBERT G. BOHN
Chairman, President and CEO
   DATED NOVEMBER 22, 2004
   