  When the terrain looks nothing like a road and more like fate throwing down a gauntlet. When performance is measured by extremes and
the challenges are unforgiving. When the job is anything but easy and getting it done means giving it everything you’ve got. When the only difference between going through
and going nowhere is the emblem on the grill. When it’s go time.
Let it be Oshkosh.
Table of Contents
Letter to Shareholders...................2 Company Profile............................8
Acquisition and
International Expansion..............14
Product Innovations....................18 Operational Excellence...............24 Customer Relationships..............30 Directors and Officers.................34 Management’s Discussion
and Analysis................................35 Report of Independent Auditors....44
Consolidated Financial Statements................................45 Financial Highlights....................72 Shareholders’ Information...........74
Please refer to the definition of “markets”
and Forward-Looking Statements on page 35.
All references to “markets” and forward-looking statements made in this 2001 annual report should be read in conjunction with this disclosure.

 2
This is an incredible time for Oshkosh Truck Corporation. A time to move our company ahead, despite difficult economic and market conditions. It’s our chance to prove our business strategies work for the present and the future. We need to go first in the arena of new product development and look across the globe with distribution and expansion plans. This is the time to meet the challenges of the economy and marketplace head on.
In short, it’s Go Time for Oshkosh.
Robert G. Bohn
Chairman, President and CEO

 A Year of Achievement
Although the economy stumbled in 2001, Oshkosh Truck Corporation had a good year:
• Sales grew 9 percent to $1.45 billion
• Income from continuing operations came in at $50.9 million, up 5 percent • Earnings per share were $2.98, compared to $2.96 last year
In the midst of a major industrial recession, we had three strong businesses to keep us on course. We held steady in the face of a serious, but anticipated, 30 percent downturn in the concrete placement market. These results prove that we have balanced our corporation through consistent diversification.
On January 8, 2001, Oshkosh was recognized
by Forbes as one of the 400 “Best Big Companies
in America.” In February, McNeilus strengthened its leadership position by securing a three-year contract
to supply all of Waste Management’s rear loader refuse bodies for its North American operations.
In April, we achieved Milestone III on the U.S. Marine Corps’ Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacement (“MTVR”)
contract – approval for full-rate production of this revolutionary truck. Approval came ahead of
schedule and commanded an immediate ramp-up in production. The MTVR accounted for
$139.6 million of 2001 revenues.
In July, we closed on the acquisition of the Geesink Norba Group, taking a major step in our
international expansion strategy and establishing a firm foothold in the European market.
In August, we welcomed Richard Donnelly
to our board of directors. As former president
of GM Europe, I consider his insight on global expansion and his business acumen to be invaluable
to our future.
We were also deeply saddened by the death of John Mosling. As president, John guided this company from
1956 to 1981. He continued his service as chairman and chairman emeritus of our board of directors until his
death. His was a life of inspiration and vision, and his counsel will be missed.
Finally, at fiscal year end, I was very pleased to reach an agreement with the United Automobile Workers,
Local 578, on a five-year contract that provides for the well-being of our employees and our company.
Throughout our corporation, we are fortunate to have a highly skilled, highly motivated work force.
 3

 4
Maximizing Profitability
In North America, concrete was poured at record levels in 2001, but our customers weren’t buying new mixers due to concerns about the economy. Our concrete placement business was significantly affected. Overall, the market for concrete mixers was 30 percent lower in 2001 than in 2000.
We believe further softening of the market will continue through the first half of fiscal 2002.
On the heels of this downturn, we initiated a company- wide profit improvement program. From inventory control and a paperless production process to production line optimization and a comprehensive staffing review, the corporation responded to
changing market conditions with adjustments to improve our business model.

 In Front with New Products
Product development is critical to the long-term success of Oshkosh Truck. It solidifies our leadership position in all business segments. We consider it a vital investment in our future.
For instance, the large defense programs we are pursuing – the U.S. Army’s Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles (“FMTV”) and the U.K. Ministry of Defence’s tanker and support vehicles – are among the most significant development investment projects in the company’s history. If we win the contracts, their value
could reach $15 billion over 20 years.
The StrikerTM Aircraft Rescue
and Fire Fighting (“ARFF”) vehicle
demonstrates the development process we have refined. The project
involved closely knit design and production teams, technologies from
multiple business segments and substantial customer research to
ensure the product design met the needs of the marketplace.
The result was a revolutionary new ARFF truck that offers better
maneuverability, better visibility and better stability to make responses
faster and safer.
I’m particularly excited about the dramatic progress we have made in developing
our ProPulseTM electric drive system. In October,
we became the first manufacturer to integrate
electric drive technology
into a heavy defense tactical vehicle. We see potential for
ProPulse technology to power vehicles for many other applications and believe it can
transform the future of heavy-duty truck propulsion. Developing and promoting this technology will be a major priority for the next five years.
We see the potential for ProPulse technology . . . and believe it can transform the future of heavy-duty truck propulsion.
5

 6
Strengthening Our Brand Portfolio
In an age when many acquisitions fail to produce the desired revenue and sales growth, we have continuously demonstrated an ability to successfully acquire and integrate companies. By keeping the best of their capabilities and culture and incorporating our management perspectives for growth, we have generated remarkable results.
We target one new market platform acquisition every 18 to 36 months, and look to complete at least one tuck-in acquisition annually. Because we consider scale of distribution, manufacturing and product development to be crucial for sustained growth, we buy only companies that hold a leading market position.
In 2001, Medtec Ambulance Corporation joined our fire and emergency business. We also completed
the acquisition of the Geesink Norba Group, a leading European manufacturer of refuse collection bodies, making Oshkosh one of the leading refuse collection body manufacturers in the world.
In keeping with our acquisition strategy, the target is for the Geesink Norba
Group acquisition to
be accretive in the
coming year. To
achieve that target,
a cross-functional
integration team will
focus on increasing
profitability and
efficiency in the areas
of purchasing and
manufacturing. Their
job is to deliver $2.0
to $3.5 million in
synergies in fiscal
2002. In addition,
the team will look
to increase sales by
targeting the five largest
European markets – the
U.K., Germany, France,
Italy and Spain. We have
an exciting time ahead of
us, with new, strong
brand names and an organization
that has global presence and expertise.

 Going Forward
It’s difficult to imagine that the tragic events of September 11 will not impact our defense business. Today, investment in the strength of the U.S. military has become a significant priority for our nation. We believe Oshkosh is uniquely positioned to provide a wide selection of defense trucks that meet the needs of both homeland defense and rapid deployability around the globe.
A new national spotlight has also been thrown onto the funding inadequacies for fire service and terrorism
response. Local fire and police departments are the first line of response to terrorist activities, and their
readiness is a national priority. Again, Oshkosh is prepared to meet these changing needs.
The focus for 2002 is the integration of the Geesink Norba Group and reducing debt by $75 million.
We continue to target 10 percent organic revenue growth annually, complemented by selective, strategic
acquisitions. In addition, our current initiatives target improving operating income margins to 8 percent, once the economy rebounds. Our focus on return on invested capital strengthens each quarter, and
our goal for improving inventory turns is 20 percent
in fiscal 2002. Our cost reduction target is $10 million;
however, we plan to continue investing in product development to help build long-term growth.
Go Time
This is the time for bold moves. A time to not only identify, but satisfy customer needs. Time
to increase sales and maximize profitability over the long term. Time to step up to the challenges
of the day.
We have some of the best minds and brightest
talents in the field. We have the strategies in place to grow our success. As 2002 hovers on the horizon, I am thrilled to tell you,
it’s Go Time at Oshkosh Truck.
 Robert G. Bohn
Chairman, President and CEO December 4, 2001
7
