Fiscal 2010 was a year of transformation and renewal for Oxford Industries. During the past year we took some of the most significant steps yet in the strategic repositioning of our Company from a private label apparel manufacturer into a marketer and brand manager of aspirational lifestyle brands. The announcement of the sale of the Oxford Apparel Group and our subsequent acquisition of Sugartown Worldwide, owner of the Lilly Pulitzer® brand, were important milestones on the path to strengthen our business by leveraging iconic lifestyle brands. We are especially excited by the addition of Lilly Pulitzer, which is a perfect fit for our strategic vision. These transactions were highlights during a year of solid accomplishment that also saw improved operating results in all of our continuing businesses ­ Tommy Bahama, Ben Sherman and Lanier Clothes. OPERATING REVIEW While customers at both the wholesale and retail levels continued to exercise caution, 2010 saw significant improvement in overall market conditions. Increased demand coupled with effective execution helped Oxford Industries achieve its objectives, and increase revenues and profitability from continuing operations. For fiscal 2010, consolidated net sales from continuing operations were $603.9 million, compared to $585.3 million in fiscal 2009. On an adjusted basis, earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $1.26 for the 2010 fiscal year compared to $0.48 in the prior year. On a GAAP basis, fi scal 2010 earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $0.98 compared to $0.09 in fi scal 2009. We ended the year with dramatic improvement in the strength of our balance sheet, including cash in excess of $44 million and more than $152 million available under our U.S. and U.K. credit facilities. In addition, Oxford extended its unbroken record of paying dividends every quarter since becoming publicly owned in 1960. In addition, we announced an 18 percent increase in our dividend from the dividend paid in the fourth quarter of 2010. Rising input costs, including increases in the cost of cotton, freight and labor, are a concern throughout our industry. Oxford has felt these impacts as well, but I am pleased with how the Company has managed to address this challenge. Our emphasis J. HICKS LANIER Chairman and Chief Executive Officer THOMAS C. CHUBB III President on businesses that are well differentiated with products that are not commoditized, along with aggressive sourcing, has enabled us to mitigate much of the impact of these higher input costs. These efforts, along with a growing portion of sales derived from our direct-to-consumer channel, contributed to an increase in adjusted consolidated gross margins from 50.6 percent in fiscal 2009 to 55 percent in fiscal 2010. STRONG SALES MOMENTUM FOR A FLAGSHIP BRAND Tommy Bahama, our largest business, delivered a strong performance for the year, fueled by improved comparable retail store sales and increased e-commerce transactions. The

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

6 OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC.

sales rebound that became evident in the latter half of 2009 gathered substantial momentum, including stronger activity in previously hard-hit resort markets. In fiscal 2010 net sales grew by approximately 10 percent to nearly $400 million. Tommy Bahama's growth in operating income was even more impressive, increasing by 36 percent from the prior year, to $51 million in fiscal 2010. The continuing evolution of our merchandising strategy underpins Tommy Bahama's growth. When Oxford acquired this business seven years ago, approximately two-thirds of sales were wholesale and one-third were from the direct channel, which generates substantially higher gross margins. Today that mix is reversed, with two-thirds of sales generated through our 89 Company-owned retail stores, 13 restaurants and TommyBahama.com. In fiscal 2010 e-commerce transactions totaled a new high of $25 million in just our third year of operations. It is worth noting that this operating group generates our highest margins and is also our fastest growing. While the Tommy Bahama® camp shirt remains a consumer favorite, today's portfolio has broadened significantly to encompass the full array of sportswear, including sweaters, denim and outerwear. The style and diversity of our collection has proven its appeal to customers not only in warm weather resorts, but also across the broad range of geographies we serve, from Seattle to Denver to Boston. We continue to see growth in our women's business, which similarly features a broad assortment of sportswear that goes beyond resort favorites. Today the women's component is focused on our direct channel, but we will pursue opportunities to expand into wholesale opportunities going forward. In 2011 and beyond, the most meaningful growth driver for Tommy Bahama will be the opening of additional retail stores, both domestically and overseas. An improved economic climate permits us to return to our previous pace of adding seven to ten new stores per year. We are especially excited about plans for our new store at 5th Avenue and 45th Street in Manhattan. This signature location will serve our already strong customer base in New York. In addition, our presence in America's most international city provides excellent visibility for our brand and will serve as a platform for growth in overseas markets. A UNIQUELY APPEALING BRAND ADDS VALUE Oxford Apparel Group was an important contributor to our business for many years, and that successful track record helped make possible its purchase by LF USA, a subsidiary of Li & Fung. At a total value of $121.7 million, this transaction was truly a "win-win," providing great value to both the buyer and the seller while advancing our strategic objective of enhancing our emphasis on lifestyle brands. The announcement of the divestiture was closely followed by the acquisition of Sugartown

Worldwide and the Lilly Pulitzer® business. This highly authentic lifestyle brand sprang from the vision of Palm Beach socialite Lilly Pulitzer in 1959, when she began selling brightly colored shift dresses at her juice stand. Attracting early fans such as Jacqueline Kennedy and members of the Palm Beach elite, Lilly's fashion legend grew rapidly as her collection became the unofficial uniform of the affluent at play. More than 50 years later, one of the remarkable virtues of the brand is its multigenerational appeal ­ "Lilly Lovers" range from young girls and college students to moms and grandmothers, and they all associate Lilly Pulitzer with carefree, happy times. Similar to other Oxford brands, Lilly Pulitzer has a distribution model comprised of both direct-to-consumer and wholesale distribution. Nearly half of sales are generated via the direct channel, through 16 Company-owned retail stores and the Lilly e-commerce site. The online business generates 10 percent of total sales ­ and it's growing fast. Lilly Pulitzer is, by defi nition, a highly social brand, and social media, including Facebook® and TwitterTM, have proven to be especially powerful vehicles for expanding customer counts and

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC.
(In thousands, except per share data)

Fiscal 2010 $ 603,947 $ 331,963 $ 47,236 $ 20,779 $ 1.26

Fiscal 2009 $ 585,306 $ 296,111 $ 26,409 $ 7,747 $ 0.48

Net sales Gross profit, as adjusted Operating income, as adjusted Earnings from continuing operations, as adjusted Diluted net earnings from continuing operations per common share, as adjusted

For reference, tables reconciling certain GAAP to adjusted measures are included on page 135 of this Annual Report.

7

total sales. Complementing its regular distribution are over 70 "signature stores," independently owned but themed with the Lilly Pulitzer brand. Without question one of the most valuable assets we brought on board is a superb leadership team that, for nearly two decades, has nurtured and developed Lilly Pulitzer's unique brand DNA. Lilly Pulitzer Group CEO Scott Beaumont and President Jim Bradbeer share our values and vision on how to continue to grow this iconic brand. The opportunities are significant. For example, the business is currently concentrated primarily along the east coast of the United States, and we see considerable potential over time to broaden its reach in the southwest and western regions. We are committed to preserving all the best qualities of the Lilly Pulitzer brand and business model even as we leverage opportunities for future growth. STRENGTHENING AND SUSTAINING PERFORMANCE IN OTHER OPERATING GROUPS In fiscal 2010 we saw benefits from the significant structural and operational changes that have been implemented at Ben Sherman.

After difficult business challenges that produced a loss in 2009, Ben Sherman executed a turnaround and returned to profitability on an adjusted basis last year. Several factors contributed to this improvement. The exit from women's and transition of the kids' and footwear businesses to a licensing model cleared the way for a renewed focus on the core strengths of the Ben Sherman® brand in menswear. We now enjoy expanded access to highquality retail outlets that are appropriate for the brand and have also seen improvements in our direct channel. Going forward we will continue our emphasis on growing sales while taking necessary steps to achieve improvements in profitability. There is more work to be done at Ben Sherman, but we are pleased with the trajectory of this business and its considerable potential to grow in 2011 and beyond. Lanier Clothes deserves credit for another year of impressive performance. Today Lanier is a more than 60 percent branded business, with both owned brands and well known licensed names Geoffrey Beene®, Dockers ® and Kenneth Cole®. In fiscal 2010 it delivered more than $14 million in operating income on sales of $103.7 million. Lanier's operating margins, at nearly 14 percent, are extraordinary in the intensely competitive tailored clothing segment. That profitability is made possible by outstanding execution by Lanier's seasoned management team. POSITIONED TO BENEFIT FROM A MORE

OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC.
BR ANDED VS. PRIVATE LABEL SALES SALES BY DISTRIBUTION

STRATEGIC PORTFOLIO As we assess the accomplishments of the past year, it's clear that Oxford achieved meaningful progress in improving the profitability and strategic alignment of our businesses. Today our Company is better positioned than ever, with a more diverse and appealing collection of lifestyle brands with proven, sustainable track records of connecting with consumers. This progress was made possible by the committed efforts of leaders and employees throughout all of Oxford's operations. I am grateful to them for their talent and dedication, and grateful, as well, to our shareholders for their continued support. Sincerely,

Oxford-owned Brands 85% Licensed Brands 8% Private Label 7%

Wholesale Direct-to-Consumer

52% 48%

(includes retail and e-commerce)

8 OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC.

J. HICKS LANIER Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

