Letter to Shareholders

...And We Have Made Their Aspirations Our Own Aspirations.
On the preceding pages, you have read how Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman each originated with a signature shirt, then evolved into an aspirational lifestyle brand, and now form the foundation of Oxford's strategic direction.
In the midst of the unprecedented economic conditions during fiscal 2008, it would have been easy to become distracted by the near-term challenges and lose our focus on our long-term strategy of building a portfolio of lifestyle brands. I am pleased to report that, while our financial Tactical Management Continues Entering 2009, prudent and conservative fiscal management, an Oxford hallmark in good and bad times, continues. We have adjusted our cost structure and moderated planned expansions to levels that anticipate a very difficult market environment for the foreseeable future. Already, we have eliminated over $40 million in annual SG&A expenses and remain alert to other costreduction opportunities. Similarly, capital expenditures are planned to be between $10 and $12 million in fiscal 2009, down from $20.7 million in fiscal 2008. Across all parts of our business, we have reduced our inventories year-over-year with inventory levels down 19% at the end of fiscal 2008. Carrying lower inventories has allowed us to minimize the financial risk of markdowns as well as the strategic risk to the health and integrity of our brands that results from indiscriminate discounting and price promotions. Careful inventory management has enabled us to remain fundamentally a full-price retailer and maintain and protect our gross margins. Our ability to weather this recession is bolstered by our strong capital structure. We were fortunate to close a new five-year, $175 million revolving credit facility last August, which at year-end had approximately $113 million in available funds. This resource combined with strong cash flow ensures that our balance sheet will remain a solid one.

J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

results were negatively impacted by the economy, our management team responded appropriately and at the same time strengthened our position for the future. We were able to achieve this by focusing on these key areas ­ protecting the integrity of our brands, controlling and reducing costs, keeping our businesses focused, managing risk and protecting our strong balance sheet. For fiscal 2008, consolidated net sales were $947.5 million compared to $1,085.3 million in the prior twelve-month period, which ended February 2, 2008. Excluding non-cash impairment charges and other unusual items, earnings per diluted share were $1.44. On a GAAP basis, we reported a loss of $17.00 per diluted share in fiscal 2008, which included significant noncash goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges, compared to a profit of $2.59 in the prior twelve-month period.

The balance sheet was also improved by a 27% year-over-year reduction in total debt. This reduction was primarily a result of positive cash flow from operations and the repurchase of $33.2 million of our senior secured notes for $25 million. To further enhance our liquidity, we have reduced our quarterly dividend from $0.18 per share to $0.09 per share for the first quarter of fiscal 2009.

negatively due to their concentration in tourist destinations and some of the hardest-hit housing markets, such as Florida, California, Nevada, Arizona and Hawaii. Yet, conversion rates, dollars per transaction and average retail price were largely consistent with historical levels, again underscoring the strength of the brand. For fiscal 2008, sales were $421.7 million compared to $462.9 million in the prior twelve-month period.

Sales by Distribution

Direct to Consumer 27% Wholesale 73%

Long-Term Brand Strategy Remains Important We must remain equally as vigilant to ensure that the fashion evolution of our brands continues with every season ­ that we market and promote our brands on a targeted and consistent level, invest in those distribution channels that are best aligned with our brand strategies and capitalize on existing revenue growth opportunities. In short, we will make appropriate investments in Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman to ensure that they are well positioned to accelerate growth when the retail environment begins to improve.

Adjusted operating income was $49.1 million compared to $75.8 million in the prior twelve-month period. Given current retail conditions and our desire to conserve cash, we expect to slow store growth in 2009 to 4 new stores, compared to 10 stores in 2008, two of which included capital-intensive restaurant/retail locations. Though still a small component of the overall business, the Tommy Bahama women's line has emerged as a formidable competitor in the swim and swim-related products market. Going forward, our intent is to build an entire platform of collections around swim, spa and resort-related products.
Licensed Brands 13% Private Label 23%
Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman retail stores and e-commerce sites now account for more than a quarter of our sales.

Sales by Brand

Tommy Bahama: Solid Strategies in Place There is no better place to experience the strength and clarity of Tommy Bahama as a lifestyle brand than in our own retail stores, which numbered 82 at January 31, 2009. Like most of our peers, sales volume was down significantly during 2008, due to decreased store traffic. Indeed, Tommy Bahama stores were impacted even more

Online direct-to-consumer sales were another bright spot for Tommy Bahama. Since the launch of its e-commerce site in late 2007, sales have exceeded our goals. Not only does the website represent another revenue growth stream for us, but it is also an invaluable marketing tool to reach loyal Tommy Bahama customers and gain better insights into their preferences.

Oxford-owned Brands 64%

Though company-owned lifestyle brands account for the vast majority of our sales, products within Lanier Clothes and Oxford Apparel continue to generate over a third of our sales.

OXFORD INDUSTRIES 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

13

In 2008, as scores of other apparel brands were offering promotional discounts in the face of rapidly deteriorating market conditions, we took a different tack on our website. Tommy Bahama designed a limitededition shirt and offered 250 of them for $250 each to customers via e-mail. Within 24 hours there was a waiting list of over 500 people. Though a relatively small footnote to Oxford's 2008, this story underscores the exceptional integrity of the Tommy Bahama brand.

Our efforts to strengthen the brand in the U.K. are providing a solid springboard for global expansion of the Ben Sherman brand. Currently, 60% of Ben Sherman's sales are in the U.K., with 20% each in the U.S. and the rest of the world. Once market conditions improve, we are confident that the success of this strategy will begin to demonstrate tangible top-line results. The United Kingdom's economy was at least as challenged as here in the United States. This, as

Ben Sherman: A Global Brand Evolution Though in a different phase of evolution as a lifestyle brand, Ben Sherman continues to be a source of enthusiasm and promise for Oxford. The gradual repositioning of the brand at a more premium price point in its native U.K. market is working. We have introduced upgraded product and added upscale retailers, while at the same time minimized our presence at lower-level retail.

well as the weakness in the British pound compared to the U.S. dollar, negatively impacted results for Ben Sherman in fiscal 2008. Ben Sherman reported sales of $133.5 million compared to $158.9 million in the prior twelve-month period. Ben Sherman had an adjusted operating loss of $0.7 million compared to operating income of $8.5 million as reported in the prior twelve-month period.

Financial Highlights
(in thousands, except per share data)

Fiscal 2008

Twelve Months Ended February 2, 2008

Fiscal 2007

Fiscal 2006

Net sales Gross profit Operating income Net earnings (loss) Basic earnings (loss) per common share
*

$ 947,516 $ 396,471 $ (262,022) $ (265,812) $ $ (17.00) (17.00)

1,085,261 437,846 85,660 45,410 2.61 2.59

1,128,907 447,760 100,847 52,137 2.96 2.93

1,109,116 431,687 98,116 70,471 2.93 2.88

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share*
* From Continuing Operations

For reference, tables reconciling certain GAAP to adjusted measures are included on pages 90 and 91 of this Annual Report.

14

OXFORD INDUSTRIES 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

Legacy Businesses: Restructuring Achieves Goals Though the Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman lifestyle brands form the centerpiece of our long-term growth strategy, we are proud of the progress that our legacy businesses have made. They have become excellent examples of the rewards that can be reaped through focus and risk management. The restructuring of Oxford Apparel over the past two years has resulted in a smaller, yet more profitable, business. In fiscal 2008, sales were $257.1 million compared to $300.7 million in the prior twelve-month period. Our adjusted operating income was $19.3 million compared to $20.6 million as reported in the prior twelvemonth period. Working capital in this group was reduced by over 40% to $39.7 million. We have applied this same strategy to Lanier Clothes, which has struggled not only with the economic downturn, but also with continued weak demand for moderate tailored clothing. Significant program rationalization and business restructuring at Lanier Clothes have resulted in a business structure with a reduced revenue base, but one with enhanced margin potential. For fiscal 2008, sales were $135.6 million compared to $160.7 million in the prior twelve-month period. Our adjusted operating income was $1.8 million compared to breakeven results in the prior twelve-month period. Working capital was reduced by 40% to $38.0 million.

Conclusion I hope that your takeaway from this letter reflects our well-balanced view of Oxford and current industry conditions. We are under no illusions about the extraordinarily difficult market that we face, but at the same time we are confident and optimistic about Oxford's position. The changes that we have made in the Company's strategic direction in recent years have strengthened our presence in the marketplace. We are well on our way to achieving our vision for Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman, and our strategies for our legacy businesses are unfolding successfully and according to plan. There is much to be excited about within every Oxford business today. While we anticipate the current conditions will persist for the balance of fiscal 2009, when conditions improve, we expect to emerge unharmed in any fundamental way and to be in a position to take full advantage of an economic recovery. Simply put, our aspirations are as ambitious as ever, and our resolve to achieve them just as determined. Thank you for your support.

Successful Transformation
Beyond our aspirational lifestyle brands, Oxford continues to operate two divisions that have long been a part of our 67-year apparel heritage. Lanier Clothes is a leading supplier of men's tailored clothing through its portfolio of company-owned, private and licensed brands, such as suits by Kenneth Cole® (pictured above). Oxford Apparel produces a variety of apparel that ranges from slacks and dress shirts to westernwear and golf apparel. Through a strong focus on maximizing cash returns, these businesses continue to contribute to our overall success.

Sincerely,

J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

OXFORD INDUSTRIES 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

15

