J. Hicks Lanier, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Thomas C. Chubb III, President

To Our Shareholders
Oxford Industries delivered an excellent performance in fiscal 2011, made possible by successful execution of our strategy that leverages the enduring appeal of iconic lifestyle brands. This strategic course, first charted over a dozen years ago, has built a stronger company positioned to enjoy sustainable, long-term growth that will deliver increased shareholder value. Even the soundest strategy will not achieve its objectives without talented leaders and front-line employees who turn plans into action. I could not be more proud of the work of Oxford personnel at all levels of our Company, and within each of our businesses, whose contributions made possible our strong performance during the past year.

Operating Review
As overall market conditions improved and customer and consumer demand strengthened during 2011, Oxford's financial results surpassed our expectations. We also benefited from the strength and momentum in our branded businesses, most notably Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer. For fiscal 2011, consolidated net sales rose 26 percent to $758.9 million from $603.9 million in fiscal 2010, and adjusted operating income increased 63 percent to $76.8 million. The growth in sales and operating income was attributable in part to a full year of ownership of Lilly Pulitzer. On an adjusted basis, earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $2.41 for the 2011 fiscal year compared to $1.26 in the prior year, representing growth of 91 percent. On a U.S. GAAP basis, earnings per diluted share from continuing operations increased to $1.77 from $0.98 in the prior year. Cash flow from operations grew as well, to $44.6 million in fiscal 2011 compared to $35.7 million in the prior year. A solid balance sheet has long been an Oxford hallmark, and that strength continues today. As the year concluded, total debt stood at $106 million, a reduction of more than $40 million from the end of the prior year. We also enjoy ample liquidity, ending 2011 with $13.4 million of cash on hand, $148.1 million of availability under our U.S. revolving credit facility and $3.2 million of unused availability under our U.K. revolving credit facility. In July 2012, we will have the opportunity to call our 113/8 percent senior secured notes at par plus a half-coupon premium. We plan to redeem the notes and refinance the debt at a lower interest rate. Current projections indicate this action should result in a meaningful reduction in annual interest expense. Today, investors are demonstrating renewed interest in dividend performance, and Oxford is well aligned with this trend. In 2011, we continued our proud history of paying dividends every quarter since becoming publicly owned in 1960. In March 2012, to reflect the continued improvement in our business and the Company's commitment to return value to shareholders, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of $0.15 per share, which represented a 15 percent increase in our quarterly dividend.

Four Key Pillars to Sustain Growth
A successful 2011 provides us with the confidence and the financial capacity to invest in the future growth of our brands. Four strategic pillars will support our growth initiatives going forward: Leverage brands to drive value: Seven years ago, less than half our sales were in branded apparel. Today, our business model has been transformed, with over 95 percent of our sales derived from higher-value, branded merchandise.

6

Oxford Industries, Inc.

Financial Highlights
Oxford Industries, Inc.
(In thousands, except per share data)

Net sales Gross profit, as adjusted Operating income, as adjusted Earnings from continuing operations, as adjusted Diluted earnings from continuing operations per common share, as adjusted

Fiscal 2011Fiscal 2010 $ 758,913  $ 603,947 $ 419,737 $ 331,963 $ 76,820 $ 47,236 $ 39,763 $ 20,779 $ 2.41 $ 1.26

For reference, tables reconciling certain GAAP to adjusted measures are included on page 150 of this Annual Report.

Expand margins through direct-to-consumer transactions: Through our stores and e-commerce channels, we not only drive gains in both gross and operating margins, but also have our best opportunity to deliver our brand message to the ultimate consumer. Since 2004, we have more than tripled the percentage of sales we make directly to consumers ­ to 50 percent in 2011. Lead in e-commerce: Technology has dramatically changed how consumers shop and buy. Our enhanced e-commerce capabilities are fueling strong increases in direct-to-consumer sales and strengthening closer connections between our brands and the consumers who love them. In addition, we believe the strong presence of our brands in the digital realm helps drive business through all channels ­ company-owned retail stores, e-commerce and wholesale. Invest in long-term growth: Oxford's powerful brands have more room to grow ­ through new domestic stores, e-commerce and international expansion ­ and we will increase investments where the opportunities are most promising.

Tommy Bahama: Poised for Further Expansion
Our largest operating group, Tommy Bahama, reported double-digit sales increases in 2011, highlighted by strong comparable store growth at our full-price stores, rapid expansion in our e-commerce channel and continued growth of our women's business. Across all its merchandise categories, Tommy Bahama is more appealing than ever. Men's items like the half-zip pullover and the Emfielder Polo have become perennial favorites and embody the relaxed sophistication of the Tommy Bahama® brand. During the last several years we have built Tommy Bahama into a major lifestyle brand that resonates with consumers in every region of the country. In fact, Tommy Bahama's sales are expected to surpass half a billion dollars in 2012. That success engenders the confidence to make significant new investments to further build the brand and expand our retail footprint. We expect to increase our domestic store count by 10 to 12 stores in 2012. We are especially excited to add a stunning new bar, restaurant and retail store on Fifth Avenue in New York City, set to open in late fall. Another high-profile retail location will open this summer at a premier site on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. We anticipate that both stores will not only raise the Tommy Bahama brand profile in two of the most important retail markets in the world, but be quite profitable as well. After several years of evaluating overseas opportunities, Tommy Bahama is now accelerating its international focus. In March 2012, we were pleased to open the first Company-owned international store at the Venetian Resort and Casino in Macau. Later in 2012 we will add locations on the fashionable Orchard Road in Singapore and in Hong Kong. Coming in early 2013, we will open a Tommy Bahama restaurant, bar and store in Tokyo's Ginza district, one of the world's most renowned retail locales. Looking ahead, we will continue to evaluate additional opportunities in key Asian markets.

Continued Momentum for Lilly Pulitzer
In last year's report, issued not long after completing the acquisition of Lilly Pulitzer, I shared with you our expectations for how this addition could benefit Oxford and its shareholders. A year later, those expectations have not only been met ­ they have been exceeded. In 2011, Lilly Pulitzer sales grew 30 percent over the previous year, and the business is performing extremely well across all channels of distribution. Increased productivity and profitability of Lilly Pulitzer ® retail stores added to that growth. In early 2012, we opened a new store in Charlotte, North Carolina, featuring a more compact and efficient format that is achieving spectacular results. An additional location in this format is soon slated for Atlanta. Our digital marketing efforts continue to fuel the brand's momentum and drive traffic not only to our e-commerce sites, but to our stores, wholesale accounts and signature stores as well.

Oxford Industries, Inc.

7

Branded vs. Private Label Sales

Sales By Distribution

Oxford-owned Brands 88% Licensed Brands 7% Private Label 5%

Wholesale50% Direct-to-Consumer50%
(includes retail and e-commerce)

"Lilly Lovers" of every age enjoy interacting with the brand ­ and with one another ­ making social media an ideal avenue to connect with this consumer segment. Remarkably, Lilly Pulitzer now has more than 500,000 email addresses and approximately 400,000 Facebook friends. In 2012 we see more bright prospects ahead for Lilly Pulitzer, as its talented team continues to focus on offering a superior product, further developing the e-commerce business and growing its customer database. We are delighted to have Lilly Pulitzer as part of the Oxford family, and are very pleased with the successful integration of this business.

Other Operations: Sustaining Performance, Addressing Challenges
2011 saw Lanier Clothes deliver another solid performance, as the sales mix continued to shift from private label to branded tailored clothing. Lanier merchandise includes both owned brands and well-regarded licensed names including Kenneth Cole®, Dockers® and Geoffrey Beene®. For the year, Lanier Clothes' net sales increased to $108.8 million and operating income was $12.9 million. Lanier Clothes continues to be one of the most efficient and respected operators in the tailored clothing industry ­ a testament to its highly experienced and effective management team that is focused on the continuous improvement of business processes and operations. At Ben Sherman, net sales increased to $91.4 million, but operating results did not improve over the preceding year. While economic conditions affecting the U.K. and continental Europe present a barrier to accomplishing our objectives, Ben Sherman's leadership continues to work hard to address these and other challenges affecting this business.

More Breakthroughs Ahead
Reflecting on 2011, it is clear that it was in many ways a breakthrough year for Oxford Industries. An excellent strategic acquisition, Lilly Pulitzer gained even greater momentum. We took important new strides to leverage the opportunities presented by digital marketing. And Tommy Bahama began to launch what we believe will be a very fruitful expansion into international markets. As gratified as we are by those accomplishments, our focus is directed forward, to the future, and to the many promising avenues we see to expand our business and build increased shareholder value. I am especially excited that we are positioned to invest aggressively ­ but also prudently ­ to grow the most promising segments of our business. Those investments will help build a stronger and more profitable company. Our great brands have much more room to run, and we have the talented professionals it takes to maximize those opportunities. I am grateful to our dedicated employees for their resolve and commitment, and grateful to all our shareholders for your confidence and support. Sincerely,

J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

8

Oxford Industries, Inc.

