To Our Shareholders:

J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Thomas C. Chubb III President

I am pleased to report that Oxford Industries emerged from 2009 in excellent condition. There is no question that this was as challenging a year as we have experienced in our 68-year history. The issue we faced, drastically reduced consumer demand for apparel and other discretionary items, was not unique to us. Notwithstanding the challenge, through focused risk management and effective operating discipline, Oxford emerged from 2009 with our foremost asset, the integrity, prestige and relevance of our brands, fully intact. We are delighted to begin fiscal 2010 with a strong balance sheet and believe we are in a great position to take advantage of future opportunities for growth and profitability.

In this challenging environment, achieving new efficiencies proved critical. Notably, we exceeded our targets for cost reduction while preserving the infrastructure necessary to realize our goals. Oxford reduced SG&A by 15%, from $358.1 million in fiscal 2008 to $304.3 million in fiscal 2009, while maintaining the foundation needed to support our operating groups. We pared away less profitable portions of our business, allowing us to intensify our focus on those opportunities that hold the greatest promise for strong performance in the months and years ahead. Maintaining the integrity of our retail pricing policies is essential to

Our forecasts anticipated 2009 would be a year of reduced sales, which prompted us to take actions to improve gross margins, significantly reduce expenses and trim inventories. I'm pleased to say these initiatives were successful and, despite a decline in revenues, we were solidly profitable for the year. For fiscal 2009, consolidated net sales were $800.7 million compared to $947.5 million in fiscal 2008. On an adjusted basis, earnings per diluted share were $1.29 for the 2009 fiscal year compared to $1.41 in the prior year. On a GAAP basis, our fiscal 2009 earnings were $0.90 per diluted share compared to a loss of $17.00 in the prior year.

the long-term health and profitability of our brands. When faced with a drop in retail demand, some in our industry attempted to discount their way to prosperity. We chose a different path, and one that is right for Oxford and its future. We took a very conservative approach to our inventory purchases, which mitigated inventory markdown risk. As a result, inventories were reduced 36% from $119.6 million at the beginning of 2009 to $77 million at year-end and our consolidated gross margins increased in a time when many in our industry faced gross margin erosion.

6

Oxf o rd In d u s t rie s 2 0 0 9 A n n ual Re po rt

Financial Highlights
Oxf o rd I n d u s t rie s , I n c. (In thousands, except per share data)

Net sales Gross profit, as adjusted Operating income, as adjusted Net earnings, as adjusted Diluted net earnings per common share, as adjusted

Fiscal 2009Fiscal 2008 $800,658 $947,516 $338,981 $392,942 $ 48,653 $ 55,042 $ 20,985 $ 22,512 $ 1.29 $ 1.41

For reference, tables reconciling certain GAAP to adjusted measures are included on pages 136-141 of this Annual Report.

A strong capital structure, long a hallmark of Oxford's approach to business, is even more important in a turbulent economic climate. A secure financial foundation is also required to support appropriate investments that will build long-term value. Our liquidity remains strong, with $112.7 million available at fiscal year-end under the Company's U.S. revolving credit facility. During the last fiscal year, strong cash flow enabled us to strengthen our balance sheet by reducing total debt over $52 million and successfully refinancing our senior notes. We have no material debt maturities until 2013 and enter 2010 with abundant liquidity. Brands to Build A Business On Even as we made tough decisions to respond to a challenging market environment, our fundamental strategy remained unchanged ­ to support, refresh and extend great lifestyle brands that connect with consumers in unique ways. In 2009 we took important strategic steps to focus our energies and resources on the most promising segments of these businesses. It is clear that, after a period of retrenchment, there are exciting opportunities ahead to capitalize on growth opportunities for both Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman.

Tommy Bahama: Emerging Strong ­ and Ready to Grow Tommy Bahama, our largest business, proved remarkably resilient in 2009, generating $37.5 million in operating income for the year. Despite conservative purchasing by our wholesale customers, we experienced increased sales momentum as the year progressed. Importantly, both our Tommy Bahama retail stores and our online direct-to-consumer channel at TommyBahama.com enjoyed a strong holiday selling season. Since its launch two years ago, our e-commerce business has proven to be a highly effective sales channel, consistently exceeding expectations while generating valuable real-time insights into consumer preferences. Our women's line, which has expanded to include sportswear, shoes and accessories, as well as swim and spa collections, continues to perform well in our direct-to-consumer channels. Historically, Tommy Bahama has primarily been a men's brand, and now is making significant progress towards the goal of becoming more balanced between men's and women's in our retail stores and e-commerce business.

BRANDED VS. PRIVATE LABEL SALES
Licensed Brands

SALES BY DISTRIBUTION

8% 24% 68%

Direct-toConsumer Oxford-owned Brands

31% 69%
Wholesale

Private Label

A key component of our business strategy is to develop and market compelling lifestyle brands.

Our direct-to-consumer business, which includes company-owned retail stores and our e-commerce sites, continues to increase as a percentage of our sales.

Ox fo r d I n d u s t ri e s 2 0 0 9 A n n ua l R e po rt

7

Letter To Shareholders (Continued)

International markets also represent exciting potential for the Tommy Bahama brand. Our efforts to build an international presence are still in the early stages. The results of these efforts will not be immediate, but we believe the brand can resonate in selected markets around the globe. We see international expansion as an integral part of Tommy Bahama's long-term growth and development. Today, Tommy Bahama operates 84 retail locations, 12 of which include Tommy Bahama restaurants, and 15 of which are outlet stores. During fiscal 2009, our retrenchment and conservative approach to capital investments constrained new store growth. In 2010, however, we are restarting the growth engine, opening a handful of new full-price stores in 2010, with as many as ten planned for 2011. We continue to believe that new, well-sited Tommy Bahama stores are the most effective use of capital, and that those investments will contribute to the expansion of our operating margins going forward. Ben Sherman: Realignment to Improve the Bottom Line The challenging market conditions of 2009 underscored the need to simplify Ben Sherman's operations. We found that the peripheral businesses of women's, kids' and footwear were not only unprofitable, but required significant management attention. For those reasons, we took decisive action to exit women's and transition kids' and footwear businesses to a licensing model. These moves strengthen the operational focus on Ben Sherman's core business, men's sportswear, providing more productive use of our retail footprints and creating the right conditions to improve profitability. The Ben Sherman brand remains fundamentally strong and, with our realignment now completed, we expect it to continue to play an important role in Oxford's future. In 2010, our organization is extremely focused on improving Ben Sherman's bottom-line performance, even as we anticipate reduced sales as a result of the businesses we exited in 2009. I am confident we have the right people and strategy in place to execute those goals. Legacy Businesses: Strong Performance in a Challenging Environment The restructuring that began at Lanier Clothes and Oxford Apparel three years ago strengthened the capabilities of these two important businesses to weather the market challenges of 2009. Our emphasis on programs that offer the greatest opportunity for profitability helped ensure that both were solid cash flow contributors in fiscal 2009.

Through nearly flawless execution in all aspects of its business, Lanier Clothes reported more than $12.3 million in operating income, achieved gross margin improvements and performed remarkably well in the challenged moderate tailored clothing sector. Oxford Apparel likewise improved its margins and increased operating income in 2009 to $19.4 million. By delivering a compelling value proposition to its key customers, Oxford Apparel continued to make a significant contribution and a meaningful return on our investment. Strong Leadership Will Drive Execution Delivering on our strategic objectives requires strong, experienced leaders with the energy and vision to succeed in challenging times. Tom Chubb's appointment as President was an important milestone in 2009. Tom has been instrumental in helping transform the Company from a private label manufacturer to an enterprise featuring a portfolio of owned and licensed brands. I am confident his contributions to our success will only increase with his new role. Tom is joined by experienced and talented leaders who direct our operating businesses; each of whom has demonstrated the vision and resourcefulness necessary to succeed in challenging times. I am very confident that we have the right team in place to deliver on our objectives as we move forward. Oxford Industries has emerged from an extremely difficult period financially secure, with the integrity of our core brand assets stronger than ever. I could not be more pleased with how our leaders and employees throughout the Company met, and overcame, difficult challenges. Our focus now is on leveraging our assets and capabilities to prosper in an improved economic climate. We are confident in our strategic direction and look to the future with great energy and excitement. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

8

Oxf o rd In d u s t rie s 2 0 0 9 A n n ual Re po rt

