                 From the President and Chief Operating Officer
 4
Occidental is well placed for continued growth when commodity prices recover. Our company is uniquely situated, in terms of size and scale, between the peer groups of large integrated oil majors and the independent exploration and production companies – making it an attractive investment alternative that combines the positive elements of both groups.
Through focus, discipline and performance, we continued Occidental’s transformation during 2015.
We successfully accomplished many of the goals set out in the strategic review announced in 2013, streamlining and focusing operations in order to better execute the company’s long-term strategy and enhance value for shareholders. Our portfolio is concentrated in areas where we have depth and scale. Last year we sold assets in the Williston Basin, and we reached agreements to
sell our Piceance assets and exit non-core Middle East operations in Iraq and Yemen, while reducing our exposure in Bahrain and Libya.
We applied greater discipline throughout our worldwide operations, resulting in an adjusted cost structure that allows us to compete more effectively in a lower commodity price environment and positions us for greater profitability when prices recover. Understanding that cost savings alone will not lead us to prosperity, we also improved our productivity, finding new ways to operate more efficiently.
We also substantially grew our oil and gas production, achieving a new level of performance for the company. Total daily worldwide production increased by 14 percent over the prior year, averaging 652,0001 barrels
of oil equivalent per day. This was accomplished while reducing our capital spending 36 percent compared with 2014. Approximately 64 percent of our 2015 production was oil, reflecting our continued focus on growing
oil volumes. Production growth was driven by a disciplined development program in the Permian Basin, resilient base production, and the startup of operations at Al Hosn, a joint venture with the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC).
1. Excludes Williston Basin (sold in November 2015) average daily production volumes of 16 MBOE in 2015.
 
                  We are primarily an oil producer. Our core U.S. operations are in the Permian Basin of West Texas and southeast New Mexico. Internationally, our core focus areas are Oman, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates in the Middle East region as well as Colombia in Latin America. We also have complementary midstream and world-class chemical businesses.
We exited 2015 with a cash balance of $4.4 billion. The priorities for using our cash flow have not changed. They are in order of priority: maintenance capital, dividends, growth capital, share repurchases, and
asset acquisitions.
For the 13th consecutive year Occidental increased its dividend. We returned $2.3 billion to our shareholders in the form of dividends during 2015, which is part of our commitment to maximize shareholder value.
In February 2016, Occidental’s Board of Directors affirmed the annualized dividend rate of $3.00 per share. We expect to continue funding our dividend, as our
base oil business, new projects, and production growth support distributable cash flow.
Commodity businesses are inherently volatile. Our overall strategy is to invest in projects that generate long-term value, achieving returns well above our cost of capital while maintaining a conservative balance sheet. We will invest our capital prudently and maintain flexibility as we maneuver through the current low-price cycle.
For 2016, our capital budget is expected to be between $2.8 and $3 billion, which will allow us to achieve production growth of 2 to 4 percent from our ongoing operations. This represents about a 50 percent reduction in capital spending from the prior year. The Permian Basin is our top priority for capital allocation for the foreseeable future, where our competitive advantage includes extensive infrastructure around our midstream business, economies of scale, and a large, multiyear inventory of drilling locations. Improved operating efficiencies and captured price savings from suppliers will allow us to do more with less.
Further demonstrating the company’s commitment to the Permian and the ongoing investment in our employees, we opened Oxy Permian Plaza last year, a state-of-the- art office complex featuring the latest technologies for sharing knowledge, pursuing innovations and conducting our business more efficiently.
Our commitment to safety remains a constant throughout our global operations. Based on the U.S. Department of Labor’s Injury and Illness Incidence Rates, our employees and contractors achieved the company’s highest-rated workplace safety record in 2015. While we are pleased with this achievement, we are not satisfied with this result, as our intention is to prevent incidents altogether.
Reflecting the high regard Occidental is held in the industry, Occidental ranked No. 1 in Fortune magazine’s 2015 survey of the World’s Most Admired Companies in the Mining, Crude-Oil Production category, and Corporate Responsibility Magazine ranked Occidental among the 100 Best Corporate Citizens for 2015.
Occidental is well placed for continued growth when commodity prices recover. Our company is uniquely situated, in terms of size and scale, between the peer groups of large integrated oil majors and the independent exploration and production companies – making it an attractive investment alternative that combines the positive elements of both groups.
Thanks to the leadership and vision of Steve Chazen, Occidental has a terrific portfolio of assets and top- notch people. His efforts have radically transformed this company into a more focused, financially sound business that’s positioned to better execute its long-term strategy and enhance value for shareholders. I am proud and honored to be given the responsibility by Occidental’s Board of Directors to lead this great company as his successor. I will work tirelessly to earn and keep the respect of the Board, my fellow employees, investors, and other stakeholders as we strive to be the best company in our industry.
Vicki A. Hollub
President and Chief Operating Officer
  Occidental 2015 Annual Report 5
