TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2015 was a pivotal year for PBF Energy. Since the time of our initial public offering in December of 2012, we put forth a tremendous amount of effort to build our team and the systems to manage our complex business. In 2015, we transitioned to the next phase in the life of PBF Energy and turned our attention to growing the company. We were able to deliver substantial growth as we acquired the Chalmette refinery in November, thereby increasing our total throughput capacity by 35 percent, and announced the acquisition of the Torrance refinery, which in combination with Chalmette will increase our total throughput by over 60 percent versus 2014. We also generated approximately $140 million in proceeds to PBF Energy through the drop- down sale of the Delaware City Products Pipeline and Truck Rack to PBF Logistics LP. In addition to expanding our refining base, our existing operations in Delaware, Paulsboro and Toledo combined to deliver another year of positive results for the company and its shareholders.
Our results for 2015 reflect a solid operational performance during a year where markets continued to adjust to the new paradigm of lower priced crude oil and product differentials remained volatile. Excluding special items, EBITDA was approximately $1 billion and operating income was $787 million for the year, and adjusted fully-converted net income was $4.27 per share, on a fully-exchanged and fully-diluted basis. We reinvested $247 million in the business through total refining and corporate capital expenditures, net of asset sales. We finished 2015 with a cash balance of just under $1.2 billion, total liquidity of approximately $1.6 billion and a net debt to capitalization ratio of 22%, excluding special items.
PBF Energy’s East Coast and Mid-Continent refineries contributed to the strong results for the year, as
did the Chalmette refinery for November and December. PBF Energy’s East Coast refineries continued to demonstrate the benefits of their high complexity, with 100 percent of the East Coast coking capacity, and flexible feedstock sourcing by delivering over 50 percent of the total refining EBITDA. The Toledo refinery delivered strong results and continues to benefit from its locational advantage in the greater Chicago market. The addition of Chalmette to PBF Energy’s refining base not only added significant capacity but provided the benefit of increasing PBF Energy’s geographic diversity by establishing a presence in the Gulf Coast market. We believe that the same crude sourcing flexibility that has increased the earnings potential for our East Coast system can be applied to Chalmette and, over time, increase the earnings potential of the refinery beyond its historical levels. Combined with the complexity of our coastal assets, Delaware City, Paulsboro and Chalmette, and the attendant ability to process any type of crude oil at these refineries, we believe that our crude sourcing flexibility will continue to be a key driver of our profitability as a company.
In recognition of another year of solid performance, our board and management continue to support a regular annual dividend, paid quarterly, of $1.20 per share.
While 2015 was a transformational year for PBF Energy in terms of executing our strategy and delivering growth, it was also a year where we remained focused on the strength of our balance sheet. Through two capital markets transactions, concluded in the fourth quarter of 2015, PBF Energy raised approximately
$850 million in proceeds to be used, in part, to fund our Chalmette purchase and the pending acquisition of the Torrance refinery. The strength of our balance sheet has always been of paramount importance to PBF and in the current market environment having a strong balance sheet ensures that PBF Energy will be well positioned to execute our strategy. We will continue to be flexible and take advantage of capital markets opportunities to build liquidity as we believe opportunities will present themselves in the current tumultuous market.
 
Following its successful launch in May of 2014, PBF Logistics (or the “Partnership”) has continued to grow its operations and increase distributions to its unit holders. PBF Logistics has more than doubled its EBITDA since becoming public and has supported a compound annual distribution growth rate of over 23 percent through the end of 2015. In May of 2015, PBF Logistics successfully raised approximately $350 million through an offering of senior notes. With this transaction, PBF Logistics strengthened its balance sheet by putting in place a long-term capital structure, recapitalized the Partnership and recharged its ability to fund further growth. In February of 2016, PBF Logistics announced its acquisition of four East Coast Terminals from Plains All American. This represents a seminal transaction for PBF Logistics as it demonstrates the Partnership’s ability to grow through unaffiliated acquisitions and will diversify the Partnership’s customer base and sources of revenue. The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2016. PBF Energy continues to
be a strong sponsor for the Partnership and currently owns approximately 54 percent of PBF Logistics and 100 percent of the incentive distribution rights and the General Partner interests. PBF Logistics continues to provide PBF Energy with a valuable partner for growth and makes us more competitive on a cost of capital basis as we look to grow.
Looking forward to 2016, our top priority remains the safe, reliable and environmentally responsible operations of all our assets. We are implementing new programs that will increase knowledge transfer and the sharing of expertise across our operations with the goal of surpassing the standards that are set for our industry in both safety and environmental performance. PBF Energy is excited about the pending close of the Torrance refinery acquisition which is expected to occur in the second quarter following a successful restart by the current owner. We will continue work on the seamless integration of our new assets, including Torrance upon closing. We remain focused on the health of our balance sheet and positioning the company for further accretive growth.
Lastly, we would like to thank all of PBF’s employees for their dedication and commitment; they are the foundation of our company and the source of any successes we may enjoy. We also welcome our new employees at Chalmette to the PBF family. Additionally, we thank our Board of Directors for their stewardship and guidance.
Finally, we thank our shareholders for your continued support. We will continue to work diligently to reward the trust and investments that you have placed with us.
Sincerely,
Tom O’Malley Tom Nimbley Executive Chairman Chief Executive Officer
   