 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
The spirit of innovation is central to all we do at Pitney Bowes. Our mail and document management solutions are changing the very nature of business communications. This is what we mean when we talk about pushing the envelope. And it is in this context that I want to talk about
our accomplishments in
2004 and the excellent
opportunities that I see
for the future.
I am extremely pleased by the company’s performance in 2004. Our diversified revenue base drove growth of
8 percent. Our organic revenue growth was
3 percent, excluding the effect of strategic transactions and currency translation. Both rates are the highest we have had in five years. We also had an exceptionally strong finish to the year. In fact, the fourth quarter was our best quarter in more than four years.
As part of our growth strategies, we aggressively pursued acquisitions in 2004, completing 14 and strengthening our market position on a number
of fronts, including our software capabilities, our Mail Services business and our global presence. We also continued to expand our broad range of offerings with exciting
new products and services, including new digital meters that are helping to boost the performance of our mail finishing business. The letter from Bruce Nolop, our Chief Financial Officer, provides addi- tional perspective on our results on page 27 of this
report. Here, I want to concentrate on the factors that drove our performance.
SIX GROWTH ENGINES
Pitney Bowes is in the enviable position of having six diversified growth engines. They
all contributed to the company’s success in 2004 and should continue to drive growth for years to come. Here are
some highlights:
> Small Business Solutions delivered
8 percent revenue growth and double-digit earnings growth in 2004 and enlarged its market base to 840,000 customers, a net increase of 115,000 customers since 2002.
Small businesses value
the convenience and flexi- bility of our mailing and shipping solutions, including
digital mailing systems specifically designed for small mailers and our new shipping solution for the small office and home office.
> Mail Services revenue grew 20 percent at sites we have owned for more than a year and earnings grew even faster. The PSI Group has grown from 12 facilities in 2002 to a network of 30 sites processing
  Michael J. Critelli
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 2

 more than 10 billion mail pieces per year. In 2004,
we further expanded our Mail Services business by acquiring capabilities to process mail for international delivery. To support our customers’ needs, we will continue to enhance our capabilities in these areas.
> International Mailstream Solutions had 8 percent organic revenue growth and double-digit earnings growth. We will continue to grow internationally by extending the global penetration of our products and
FORWARD MOMENTUM
In 2004 we took steps to strengthen our capabilities in a number of areas that will help us to accelerate growth in 2005 and beyond.
One area is mail creation, which involves the preparation of essential business communications— bills, statements, direct marketing material, paychecks, and the like. In 2004, we launched a new family of folder-inserter systems that combine
 WE ARE IN THE ENVIABLE POSITION OF HAVING SIX DIVERSIFIED
AREAS OF GROWTH
services, gaining more control over our distribution channels and increasing our base of small business customers.
> Payment Solutions—through which we finance a broad range of our customers’ mail and document management needs—delivered revenue growth of more than 8 percent and double-digit earnings growth. More than half of our customers now use Pitney Bowes financing solutions. In 2005, we intend to increase our market penetration by leveraging the direct sales channel to sell an even wider range of financial solutions.
> Our acquisition of Group 1 Software provides us with a growth platform in mailing software applications. Group 1 complements our other product offerings and allows us to increase our penetration of an expanded customer base.
> Supplies revenue grew by 11 percent in 2004, a result driven by the growth of our Small Business Solutions business as well as customer migration to our digital mailing systems with value-added services.
advanced software and leading-edge paper handling technology for maximum efficiency and economy.
This line of products will be expanded in 2005 and we expect double-digit growth in the mail creation business over the next two years.
The Group 1 acquisition positions Pitney Bowes as a leader in Customer Communication Management. We help businesses link their customer communications with other business processes—from billing and collections to marketing—to strengthen customer relationships and create opportunities for cross- selling. The key here is accurate data, personalized communication and multichannel delivery—all core capabilities of Group 1.
Group 1 also helps us move into adjacent market spaces. For exam- ple, Group 1 has forged a technology alliance with Microsoft to add global data-cleansing capabilities to
 3

 Microsoft’s solutions, including its customer relationship management application.
Another example is a field known as business geographics, where Group 1’s solutions pinpoint the latitude and longitude of specific addresses and provide detailed information about these locations, such as whether they lie in a flood plain or
within a municipality’s special taxing district. MapQuest, a leading provider of directions via the Internet, also uses Group 1 technology to help answer millions of inquiries each day.
ted electronically, shipping rates are calculated automatically and evidence of payment is added to the shipping label. Pitney Bowes and Canada Post jointly launched this service in the fall of 2004 with a direct marketing and sales campaign targeted to our meter customers. Our partnership with Canada Post is also an example of the international opportunities we are pursuing. Another is the acquisition of Groupe MAG, which makes us the largest provider of high-volume mail handling solutions in France. We also opened direct operations in India and Brazil, the latter through a joint venture with Semco Participações Limitada.
 THE GROUP 1 ACQUISITION
POSITIONS US AS A LEADER IN CUSTOMER COMMUNICATION MANAGEMENT
We anticipate double-digit growth in package management. More and more large organizations
are deploying our Web-based, networked shipping systems that allow individual users to select the best carrier and service based on required delivery time and cost, then create shipping labels right at the desktop. We also recently launched a shipping system that caters to small and midsize shipping customers.
Package delivery is a growing and increasingly important competitive category for postal administra- tions around the world. In that regard, we have forged an innovative partnership with Canada Post to develop an automated shipping solution. Using Pitney Bowes
technology, shippers print labels with detailed shipping information, thereby gaining access to Canada Post’s robust tracking and reporting capa- bilities. Manifests are also transmit-
In Pitney Bowes Management Services, we took a number of steps to strengthen our offerings. We upgraded our off-site document solution centers to support value-added services like short-run color printing and digital document conversion. These off- site capabilities complement the mail and document management services we provide on-site for more than 1,000 customer accounts. We began to see growth in Management Services in the fourth quarter that we expect to continue into 2005 and beyond.
Finally, with the acquisition of Standard Register’s equipment service operation, we are creating a third-party equipment service business that we expect to perform at double-digit rates. The increased reliability of our own products, as well as more remote support for customers, has decreased the number
of routine service calls our technicians must make, freeing them for other, higher-value activities.
 4

 THE FUTURE OF MAIL
Over the past decade, I have worked hard to promote the mailing industry and foster a spirit of partnership with the national posts around the world.
We have built a strong partnership with the U.S. Postal Service. Postal reform, a package of legislation providing a blueprint for a modernized, more efficient Postal Service, could dramatically improve our mail-related opportunities. We also are paying close attention to the European posts, particularly in light of the fact that the legal and regulatory environments in Europe are expected to change significantly over the next two years.
Mail has a bright future as a critical communication channel. Contrary to common perceptions, the rise in electronic forms of communication has not led
to a reduction in overall mail volumes. While mail
is declining as a percentage of overall message volumes, absolute volumes continue to increase. In 2004, the U.S. Postal Service experienced four consecutive quarters of increasing volumes.
I believe that stable postal rates can result in even higher mail volumes for the following reasons:
> Organizations are increasingly finding mail to be an exceptionally effective medium for building and strengthening stakeholder relationships. Businesses that were not large mailers in the past, like small retailers, are learning about the power of mail.
> The trend toward remote commerce creates another opportunity for mail, since videos, digital photos, prescription drugs and many other items ordered online must be shipped. Our very successful partnership with eBay to provide Internet postage services is a good example of how we are taking advantage of this trend.
> Remote voting is growing in popularity, with more and more states liberalizing their election laws to
accommodate voting by mail. In 2004, we launched a suite of products that helps ensure that the right ballot gets to the right voter on time and helps verify that the person returning the ballot is in fact the right registered voter.
> Transaction mail volumes are proving to be surprisingly resilient. For every consumer who shifts to electronic bill presentment or payment, there seems to be a comparable increase in mailings for health claims, satellite TV or radio subscriptions, gift card mailings, and the like.
ALIGNMENT AND FOCUS
During 2004, we consolidated all our operating activities, allowing us to take a more integrated approach to serving our 2 million customers world- wide. As part of this move, our Board of Directors elected Murray Martin as President and Chief Operating Officer in October. He is responsible for all
 MAIL HAS A BRIGHT FUTURE
AS A CRITICAL COMMUNICATION
CHANNEL
of our lines of business throughout the world and will drive an integrated strategy in collaboration with key staff and business leaders.
In another move, we announced that we are pursuing an investor-sponsored spin-off of
our Capital Services business.
GOVERNANCE AND LEADERS
I am pleased to say that we continue to be recognized for our leadership
 5

 and governance practices. Business Ethics magazine again ranked Pitney Bowes as one of the “100 Best Corporate Citizens” for 2004. The company also obtained an unqualified opinion from PricewaterhouseCoopers, our independent auditor, that we are in full compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 requirements for internal control.
Our Board of Directors takes corporate governance most seriously and is
adding significant value
to our strategic,
business and financial reviews. Building on our strong foundation, the Board continuously monitors emerging best practices in governance and adopts those
most appropriate for Pitney Bowes.
Murray Martin and I
intend to focus on lead-
ership, talent development and improving employee engagement. I am particularly committed to effective employee communications. Murray will concentrate on our strategies and day-to-day implementation decisions and work to ensure that our vision is real to employees.
We are proud of our leadership in the area of diversity. DiversityInc magazine ranked Pitney Bowes No. 1 on its list of the “Top 50 Companies for Diversity” and Fortune included us on its list of the “50 Best Companies for Minorities.” We will take our
efforts in this area to another level in 2005.
We also believe literacy and education are building blocks for community health, individual
success and economic development. We have created the Literacy and Education Fund to focus community investments in these areas. The Employee Involvement Fund oversees grants for employee- sponsored projects. We are enthusiastic about the opportunities to build strong partnerships with literacy and educational organizations in the United States and worldwide.
CONCLUDING OBSERVATIONS
Looking ahead, our goal remains to deliver above- average shareholder value through both consistent dividend growth and share price growth, while main- taining a low-to-moderate risk profile. Our goals are revenue growth in the range of 4 to 6 percent and earnings-per-share growth in the range of
8 to 10 percent.
To achieve these goals, we will reinvest in our core mail and document management businesses and diversify into adjacent spaces where opportunities exist.
We do best when we build on our strengths and evolve at a sustainable pace. We will accelerate our evolution in 2005 while remaining committed to our enduring strengths: reliability, trustworthiness, security and innovation.
I have the highest confidence in the future of our great company.
Michael J. Critelli
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 The Pitney Bowes Summer Reading Program
     6
