To Our Shareholders ¸ ¸ ¸
ÒI am proud of what Pitney Bowes accomplished in 2002,
and very positive about our future.Ó
Throughout the year, we remained focused and committed to our shareholders, customers and employeesÕ long-term success. In this letter, I would like to share with you how we are uniquely positioned to help engineer the flow of communicationÑproviding our customers with a broad set of leading-edge, global, integrated mail and docu- ment management solutions that increase efficiency and effectiveness, thereby improving our customersÕ relationships with their customers. In fact, ÒEngineering the flow of communicationÓ is the foundation of our
new branding initiative, which will be driving all our marketing efforts.
Accomplishments
With respect to our 2002 financial results, we met our earnings guidance, generated over $680 million in free cash flow, completed a $300 million share repurchase program, made year-end contributions of $339 million
to our pension plans and increased our dividend from $1.18 to $1.20, our 21st straight year of dividend increase and grew our revenue by 7%Ñall great accomplishments.
As part of our plans for growth, our focus was on improving customer-facing processesÑmaking great progress throughout the year in the following areas:
¸ Enhancing services on My Account on pb.com resulting
in over 500,000 registered users and 1.9 million portal visits. Nearly 9% of our supplies, service and postage reset transactions are web-based.
¸ Streamlining installation and billing processes, increasing customer satisfaction by 10%.
¸ Improving customer care in our call centersÑ increasing first call resolution by 11%.
¸ Our Management Services customer satisfaction increased to nearly 99% because of superior service delivery aided by our new Service Excellence customer feedback tool.
I am excited about the launch of a new series of digital mailing solutions and two inserting solutions that give mailers access to valuable new services and help them increase productivity and profitability within their business. The revolutionary DM SeriesTM digital mailing solutions, our flagship Advanced Productivity System (APS SeriesTM) and our new FlowMasterTM system provide mailers of all sizes with profitable customer connections.
In 2002, we successfully completed two major acquisitions integral to our growth strategy: PSI Group, Inc., the largest mail presort company in the U.S., and Mailcode, Inc., a premier provider of mail sorting and tracking technology.
Going Forward
For 2003, we have undertaken three strategic imperatives: growth, streamlining our infrastructure, and developing talent. To support these efforts, weÕve established a
One Company Vision and a set of Operating Principles. These principles will guide our planning and decision making as we move ahead.
Here are our plans for growth:
We are expanding our core business. We will build
on the strengths of our existing business and yield new growth from compatible businesses. The DM Series
2>

launch is one example of how our research and development efforts produced a revolutionary product launch. In Canada, the DM Series helped us achieve an increase in both mailing system population and market share for the first time in more than 10 years. In the U.S., we had our first combined mailing system population and market share increase in 17 years. We are also expanding other areas such as digital mail outsourcing, high-speed mail- ing systems and intelligent paper handling products.
Last year, we recognized heightened mail security concerns and responded with a whole family of secure mailing solutions. We more than doubled our government mailroom outsourcing business, and have been approved by the General Services Administration to offer outsourcing solutions for federal agencies.
We will expand our mailstream participation. We will build on our core mailing services with capabilities such as intelligent mail. Our wholly-owned Mailcode subsidiary launched its breakthrough PostBackOfficeTM intelligent system that uses digital technology to unique- ly identify each mail piece and trace it from creation to final delivery. Through our new PSI mailing services business, new and existing high-volume mailers can reduce postage costs and improve mail delivery speed and accuracy. WeÕre also focusing on areas such as permit mail financing and new software and services
to improve the effectiveness of our customersÕ direct mail campaigns.
We will expand our document management solution set.
WeÕre expanding our focus on large enterprise customers who want to work with one trusted partner across their businesses. We will provide a broad suite of services for
transaction and content documents leveraging our unparalleled expertise across both mail and document processes. Recently, our Enterprise Solutions business won the largest off-site outsourcing contract in the companyÕs history, the processing of over 180 million pieces of mail and other documents for Aetna Inc.
We will expand globally. There is tremendous opportunity for global penetration through strengthening customer and postal relationships. We launched our DM Series mailing systems in seven countries within eight months, our fastest launch ever with very positive customer feedback. We acquired direct operations in Denmark, the Netherlands and South Korea, and expanded our presence in Italy, France, Sweden, Finland and China. We also entered into an outsourcing partnership with the Royal Mail in the U.K.
We will focus on cross-selling additional solutions to customers. Today, only 6% of our customers have more than one of our solutions. Doubling that percentage is a several hundred million dollar revenue opportunity. We recently created an Enterprise Relationship Development
 ÒOur Enterprise Solutions business won the largest
off-site outsourcing contract in the companyÕs history,
the processing of over 180 million pieces of mail.Ó
3>

group to maximize cross-selling opportunities in our top 25 enterprise accounts. WeÕre also expanding our payment solutions outside the U.S. and emphasizing greater cross-selling of our professional and information services.
Internal Commitment
To advance and strengthen our growth initiatives, we have four major streamlining efforts:
¸ To build on the advancements made in 2002 through
our long-term enterprise resource planning initiative, we will upgrade our field service management system, deliver better performance and improve order fulfillment.
¸ Our Human Resources Transformation project will align our HR functions internally, giving employees more self-service options.
¸ Our goal is to reduce general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue by 2% by 2006.
¸ We will focus on simplifying our customer order entry process.
The two-year, $100 million after-tax restructuring program announced in January, 2003 will enable us to realize benefits from our growth initiatives and transition manufacturing toward high-value assembly, test and configuration.
We continue to invest substantially in leadership, sales training and employee education.
Our emphasis is on strong leadership with qualified back-up for every key position. We are defining leadership competencies, evaluating talent against those criteria, and systematically training, coaching and developing that talent.
As a company that values diversity, we were again named one of the top 50 companies in FORTUNE MagazineÕs Best Companies for Minority Employees. We were also honored to receive awards for ethical business conduct and corporate citizenship.
I have great pride in Pitney BowesÕ longstanding commitment to integrity and ethical practices. Our Board of Directors has been committed to good corporate governance for many years. The reforms presented through the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and The New York Stock Exchange listing standards have given us
an opportunity to revisit and update our Governance Principles, Committee Charters and some of our internal practices. We view these changes as an expansion and improvement of existing practices that we believe, even prior to the reforms, represented best practices in governance. Our Board seeks to continually embrace
and implement sound practices for the benefit of our company and its shareholders.
I would like to thank all of the Pitney Bowes employees who continue to demonstrate their loyalty and commitment to our customers every day. In particular,
I would like to extend best wishes and thanks to two senior members of my staff. John Moody, Executive Vice PresidentÑOffice of the Chairman, has retired from Pitney Bowes after 32 years. Through his years of service, John skillfully led many operations including our U.S. mailing business. Sara Moss, who left us in February,
has served as our Senior Vice President and General Counsel for the last six years and has been a key architect in helping position us for future success. I would also
4>

like to welcome Michele Coleman Mayes, our new Senior Vice President and General Counsel, whose experience will bring valuable insight to our strategic initiatives.
This is a difficult market environment, but our goal is to achieve a total shareholder return of 15% over the next four years. We expect to do this by continuing to streamline our infrastructure to make it easy for customers to do busi- ness with us, by making the right strategic investments and by ensuring that we have the talent to achieve
our goals.
I am very excited by our opportunities and highly confident that through the dedicated focus and expertise of the people of Pitney Bowes we will succeed.
On the following pages are illustrations of how we are engineering the flow of communication for our customers and participating in the development of their success.
Michael J. Critelli
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
ÒThis is a difficult market environment, but our goal is to achieve a total
shareholder return of 15%
over the next four years.Ó
      5>
