  Marc B. Lautenbach
President and Chief Executive Officer
Michael Monahan
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
  Fellow shareholders:
In my note to shareholders last year, just four months after becoming CEO, I wrote that I came to Pitney Bowes because
I saw a company with enormous promise and unique strengths — a company with immense opportunities ahead if we could make the right strategic choices and execute with discipline.
We made a good start in 2013. We outlined a strategy to unlock the inherent value of Pitney Bowes for our clients, shareholders, and employees worldwide. That strategy entails focusing on execution in three areas: stabilizing our mail business, driving operational excellence, and accelerating our growth.
We have made progress on all three fronts — progress that at this early stage exceeds expectations. Our people have pulled together, across every corner of our business, in every region of the world, making tough decisions, improving how we do business, and innovating based on our obvious strengths: from our best-in-class technologies, to our global client base, to our market-leading position in the modern mailing industry we helped to invent.
While you can measure our progress in many ways, the most obvious is our financial performance — including
a higher stock price and a stronger balance sheet, which are reflections of what we’ve accomplished. In our effort to stabilize the mailing business, we increased the rate of growth in our enterprise business while moderating the decline in our SMB business. Through operational efficiencies, as well as a new go-to-market strategy in our SMB business, we reduced SG&A expenses by $71 million in 2013, while reducing our debt by $675 million. In addition, we saw a significant boost in the business that serves the fastest-growing markets, Digital Commerce, increasing year-over-year revenue by 18 percent on a constant currency basis in the fourth quarter. A financial analyst who covers us recently wrote that our company’s “impressive execution on its stated goals ... has begun to manifest
in results.” I know that we have much further to go, but I couldn’t agree more.
Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2013 1

Letter to Shareholders
  Senior Management Team
(left to right) Bill Hughes, Lila Snyder, Christoph Stehmann, (left to right) Deborah Pfeiffer, Mark Wright, Daniel Goldstein, Abby Kohnstamm, Roger Pilc, and Mark Shearer Joseph Schmitt, and Johnna Torsone
Since arriving last year at Pitney Bowes, I have been impressed by our capacity for transformation, and I am
pleased with the way the company has risen to the challenge. Our progress is the result of many things, but most
of all, the actions of our people, as well as the goodwill of 1.5 million clients in more than 100 countries, who believe very strongly in the value we are able to offer. As realists, we know the road is long and that living up to our promise is not a sprint, but a journey. Nevertheless, we believe our results are clear evidence that we are on the right track and in excellent position to capture opportunities that seem tailor-made for Pitney Bowes.
By continuing to stabilize the mailing business, we create the opportunity to strengthen the businesses that will be the financial foundation of our company for the foreseeable future.
As we improve our operations, we have the opportunity to create a level of client service and satisfaction that, globally, is second to none, while becoming even more efficient.
Finally, by continuing to support global commerce through a unique range of enabling solutions, we have a clear capacity for accelerated growth, particularly in the digital world. Overall, digital commerce represents a $40 billion market opportunity. It is a burgeoning sector that, in many ways (and in many places), is just getting started.
Client-focused innovation
At Pitney Bowes, when we discuss our objectives and how, as a company, we will achieve them, the words that come to mind — innovation, value, client focus — are hardly uncommon. However, for us, they have very specific and very powerful meaning. They are fundamental to our culture, they are the bedrock of our strategy, and they are the touchstones of our future success.
Innovation, for example, is not merely a matter of having good ideas that no one else has thought of. It is the creation of something new at the intersection of business insight and invention — that is, the place where our own ideas cross paths with what clients actually say they need. In this way we are able to innovate in ways that have unique client value.
   2 Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2013

       Mastering massive mail
 L & D Mail Masters — a Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC)–certified, full-service direct marketing company whose clients include Fortune 500 companies, national sales organizations, universities, healthcare, and financial and other industries — wanted
to set up the next generation of high-speed mail processing systems that would allow them to deliver enhanced capabilities for their customers, while providing the flexibility needed to expand their customer base and grow revenue.
“We needed a scalable solution that would not only help us increase operational performance and lower costs, but would also allow us to adapt to meet the needs of our growing client base.
It was clear that the Mailstream Productivity Series Inserting System will help us accomplish this so we can deliver millions of high-quality communications each month for our direct marketing and transactional mailing clients. We have been a client of Pitney Bowes for 26 years, starting out with a tabletop inserter,” said President Diane Fischer.
The system enabled the company to increase productivity, eliminate overtime and train employees for redeployment to other areas, boosting overall productivity. For example, in one 11.5-hour day, one Mailstream Productivity Series system was able to process 265,000 mailpieces while five legacy systems produced a combined total of 235,000 mailpieces.
 That’s why we work closely with clients worldwide to understand their businesses, understand what the real issues are, and innovate based on those issues. It’s why our senior managers — not just our sales force — reach out to clients on a regular basis to hear from them, firsthand, how Pitney Bowes can create value.
A perfect example of client-focused value is our ongoing work with Aon Benfield, the world’s leading reinsurance broker, a company for which modeling risk by geography is of paramount importance. To help its customers understand risks, Aon uses our Spectrum® data management solution to translate common data, such as addresses, into latitudinal and longitudinal map coordinates. This enables Aon’s customers, wherever they locate or plan to invest, to visualize risks, from the likelihood of forest fires and severe weather to the propensity for earthquakes and hurricanes.
“Innovation ... is not merely
a matter of having good ideas that no one else has thought of.
It is the creation of something new at the intersection of business insight and invention ...”
Another prime example is the work we’ve done over the past two years with eBay (see sidebar on page 5), the San Jose-based multinational e-commerce company, one of the most successful Internet start-ups of all time. As eBay has grown from its American roots into a global enterprise, nothing has become more crucial to users than the ability to easily conduct transactions and send and receive goods across international borders. At Pitney Bowes, we have worked closely with eBay to understand their imperatives and help them use our global e-commerce and shipping solutions to overcome obstacles and smooth the way. This, in turn, is making it easier for eBay to expand its global footprint by making cross-border commerce simpler, more transparent, and more satisfying to both buyers and sellers.
 Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2013 3

Letter to Shareholders
For some clients, such as INRIX, Pitney Bowes technology
is an important addition to the value proposition they offer customers. INRIX runs the world’s largest crowd-sourced traffic intelligence network, providing 175 million drivers the up-to-the-minute information they need to find the quickest, most efficient way to get from point A to point B. Through our geocoding software and local search capabilities, INRIX is quickly able to know exactly where drivers are and where they want to go. Through our combined expertise, INRIX helps motorists find the best possible route — anywhere on more than 4 million miles of road in 40 different countries.
Together, our insight helps reduce drivers’ frustration, saving them time, fuel, and money every day.
At Pitney Bowes, there is one guiding principle to everything we do for clients: an idea is only as good as its ability to solve client problems and create opportunities. Ultimately, it is not we who determine the value of our solutions, but our clients, particularly as the business landscape around them changes, sometimes rapidly.
In creating more value for clients, product innovations tend to make the biggest splash, whether in mailstream technology, customer analytics, location intelligence, e-commerce solutions — or exciting concepts like our advanced VollyTM digital mailbox for managing consumer bills and documents. Advancing commerce through innovations like this is nothing new for us; we have been doing it, one way or another, for
93 years.
We believe, however, that to deliver more value to shareholders, innovation must extend to every corner of
our business, in every part of the world, whether it takes the form of business process innovations that make us more efficient and increase customer satisfaction, or business model innovation that expands what we can do for clients and what they can do for themselves.
This broad view of innovation means that everyone at Pitney Bowes is a potential innovator, no matter where they work in our organization, and no matter what they do. Innovation is an enterprise-wide imperative, and it is a challenge, but I know we are up to the task.
          Unexpected transformation
 Classic Alaska — Alaska’s premier trading company, with five locations and more than 100 employees — was looking to expand its Web-based business. For years, it had run shipping separately — and manually — out of each of the stores. It was looking for a single, automated system, in order to offer its full inventory to all customers and ship orders with fewer errors and less expensively.
To automate its process, the company
chose our SendSuite LiveTM global logistics management system. The system provides complete visibility into all the company’s parcel carriers, streamlining the process. Whether shipping a product from store to store or store to customer, managers can use the system to quickly determine delivery speed and find the least expensive carrier. What used to take
6–7 minutes per order now takes about 10 seconds. Since the company ships up to
1,500 packages monthly, the time and labor savings can be significant.
But the company got more than mere improvement. “Our initial goal was to expand our Web business and to fix an outdated shipping operation,” said Monte Rostad, Principal. “With SendSuite Live, we ended
up saving money, driving online sales, discovering new efficiencies and improving customer service. You can’t do much
better than that.”
 4 Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2013

                Facilitating global commerce
                     Our relationship with eBay — one of the largest online marketplaces, with 128 million active users globally, and more than 550 million items listed — goes back to 2004, when we provided the company’s U.S. sellers with a simple, efficient way to print U.S. Postal Service postage labels directly from their eBay or PayPal accounts.
In the same spirit of simplicity and ease, we are helping to make cross- border e-commerce transactions for eBay’s users just as routine as domestic ones. If you’re an international buyer, you want your shipping costs to be reasonable and predictable, you want
to be able to know the location of your item while it’s en route, and you want to receive the item in a reasonable amount of time.
Enter our partnership with eBay on the Global Shipping Program, started in 2012. The program uses Pitney Bowes technology to provide a fully landed cost quote to international buyers at checkout, including transportation, parcel protection, duties, taxes and any other charge associated with delivery. Pitney Bowes screens items for export and import compliance, and our technology links domestic and international tracking to give the buyer a continuous tracking experience. In 2013, the program covered 42 countries for items shipped from the U.S., and there are plans to serve buyers in many more countries this year.
 A gratifying year
As we move forward, I want to express my thanks to employees across our businesses for the extraordinary effort they put in this past year. Transformation of our business is hard work, and I appreciate the extraordinary commitment you’ve shown to the reinvention that will help us to add value for years to come.
I also want to express my gratitude for the coming together of an extraordinary management team, which combines some of the best people who have worked at Pitney Bowes for years with great people from the outside who sense a powerful opportunity. I believe they see in the company the same things that I do: an organization with an unparalleled client base, a very strong group of technologies, and enormous opportunities based on market trends that we have the will, capabilities, and assets to take advantage of.
Finally, I want to say how grateful I am to you, our shareholders, who understand the promise of this great company. You will not be disappointed.
Marc B. Lautenbach
President and
Chief Executive Officer
 Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2013 5
