                to our shareholders
 2
PaCCar had a reasonably successful year in 2009, even as the worst recession in decades had a negative impact on the company’s financial results. the company has earned an impressive 71 consecutive years of net income. this remarkable achievement was due to our 15,000 outstanding employees who delivered industry-leading product quality, innovation and outstanding operating efficiency. PaCCar benefited from its global diversification, superior financial strength and good results from aftermarket parts and financial services. PaCCar’s $327 million of capital investments and research and development in 2009 enhanced its manufacturing capability and new product introductions, such as PaCCar’s MX engine for the North america market. PaCCar delivered 61,000 trucks to its customers and sold $1.9 billion of aftermarket parts. PaCCar maintained its excellent s&P credit rating of aa- as a result of consistent profitability, a strong balance sheet and good cash flow. looking ahead to 2010, underlying economic indicators, impacted by high unemployment, low auto production and weak home construction, will result in a challenging year for our industry. there may be some sales improvement due to aging of the truck fleet, modest economic growth and the positive impact of new engine emission regulations in the u.s. and Canada.
Net income of $111.9 million on revenues of $8.1 billion was a significant accomplishment in the very difficult economy. PaCCar declared regular dividends of $.54 per share. regular quarterly cash dividends have increased over 240% in the last 10 years. shareholder equity increased to a record $5.1 billion.
  Industry Class 8 truck sales in North America, including Mexico, declined to 119,000 vehicles compared to 179,000 the prior year. This is the lowest truck market since 1991. Over 1,700 fleets went out of business due to lower freight volume and rates, reduced credit and the recession. The European heavy truck market in 2009 was 168,000 vehicles, compared to 330,000 in 2008, as
the recession caused the industry to abruptly decline in the fourth quarter of 2008. Many of our competitors are aggressively discounting their vehicles to survive in the challenging market.
PACCAR’s financial performance in 2009 was constrained due to lower sales and margins even though the company proactively implemented comprehensive

                cost reductions. After-tax return on beginning shareholder equity (ROE) was 2.3% in 2009, compared to 20.3% in 2008. The company’s 2009 after-tax return on revenues was 1.4%. PACCAR’s long-term financial performance, even in a turbulent, cyclical market, has enabled the company to distribute over $3.6 billion
in dividends during the last 10 years and increase shareholder equity to $5.1 billion. PACCAR’s average annual total shareholder return was 19.1% over the last decade, versus a negative 1.0% for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. The fragility of global financial institutions provided a timely reminder of the merits and strength of PACCAR’s conservative business approach, quality products and customer service focus.
INVESTING FOR THE FUTURE — PACCAR’s excellent long-term profits, strong balance sheet, and intense focus on quality, technology and productivity enhancements have allowed the company to invest $3.8 billion since
2000 in capital projects, new products and processes. Productivity and efficiency improvement of 5-7% annually and capacity improvements of over 100% in the last five years have enhanced the capability of the company’s manufacturing and parts facilities. PACCAR is recognized as one of the leading applied technology companies in the industry, and innovation continues to be a cornerstone of its success. PACCAR has integrated new technology to profitably support its business, as well as its dealers, customers and suppliers.
Capital investments were $128 million in 2009.
One exciting multi-year initiative was completion of construction of PACCAR’s engine plant in Mississippi. The installation of the machining and assembly lines is underway. Other major capital projects during the year included investments to meet the exacting 2010 EPA engine emission regulations, expansion of PACCAR Australia’s manufacturing and parts distribution capacity, and installation of Technology Centers in our assembly facilities.
PACCAR continues to examine business opportunities in Asia, with its primary focus on China and India. PACCAR is increasing its component purchases and powertrain sales in China as a result of its Shanghai and Beijing offices. The PACCAR MX engine has been honored as best-in-class at the Shanghai Bus Show three years in a row.
SIX SIGMA — Six Sigma is integrated into all business activities at PACCAR and has been adopted at 190 of the company’s suppliers and many of the company’s dealers and customers. Its statistical methodology is critical in the development of new product designs, customer services and manufacturing processes. Since inception, Six Sigma has delivered over $1.4 billion in cumulative savings in all facets of the company. Over 10,000 employees have been trained in Six Sigma and 12,000 projects have been implemented since its inception. Six Sigma, in conjunction with Supplier Quality, has been vital to improving logistics performance and component quality from company suppliers. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY — PACCAR’s Information Technology Division (ITD) and its 639 innovative employees are an important competitive
asset for the company. PACCAR’s use of information technology is centered on developing and integrating software and hardware that enhance the quality and efficiency of all products and operations throughout the company. In 2009, ITD provided innovative advancements in new engine manufacturing software and infrastructure capacity upgrades. Over 20,000 dealers, customers, suppliers and employees have experienced the company’s Technology Centers highlighting surface computing, tablet PCs, an electronic leasing and finance office, and an electronic service analyst.
TRUCKS — U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales in 2009 were 108,000 units, and the Mexican market totaled 11,000. The European Union (EU) industry heavy truck sales were 168,000 units.
PACCAR’s Class 8 retail sales in the U.S. and Canada achieved a market share of 25.1% in 2009 compared to 26.0% the prior year. DAF achieved a record 14.8% share in the 15+ tonne truck market in Europe. Industry Class 6 and 7 truck retail sales in the U.S. and Canada were 40,000 units, a 36% decrease from the previous year. In the EU, the 6- to 15-tonne market was 51,000 units, down 36% from 2008. PACCAR’s North American and European market shares in the medium duty truck segment were very good, as the company delivered 12,900 medium duty trucks and tractors in 2009.
A tremendous team effort by the company’s purchasing, materials, engineering and production employees contributed to improved product quality and
3
 
                4
manufacturing efficiency during the recession. The teams performed admirably and exceeded customer expectations by delivering the highest-quality products and services in our history. The Peterbilt Nashville plant was permanently closed to align production capacity with market demand.
PACCAR’s product quality continued to be recognized as the industry leader in 2009. Kenworth dominated customer satisfaction awards in the Class 8 markets. Peterbilt earned the medium duty customer satisfaction award and the DAF CF was the 2009 “Fleet Truck of the Year” in the U.K. for the ninth time.
Over 50% of PACCAR’s revenue was generated outside the United States, and the company realized excellent synergies globally in product development, sales and finance activities, purchasing and manufacturing.
DAF achieved good results in reducing dealer new truck inventory and was a leader in the development of the PACCAR MX engine for North America.
Leyland Trucks is the United Kingdom’s leading truck manufacturer. Leyland grew its innovative body- building program by expanding its specifications to include curtain-sided trailers and an additional range of tailgate options.
PACCAR Mexico (KENMEX) had a challenging year as the Mexican economy slowed and truck fleets were reduced. Its manufacturing facility continues to deliver improved efficiency and product quality.
PACCAR Australia achieved good results in 2009, as the country avoided the worst of the global recession. The introduction of new Kenworth models and expansion of the DAF product range in Australia combined for a 20.9% heavy duty market share in 2009.
PACCAR International (PACCINT) exports trucks and parts to over 100 countries and had a good year due to sales buoyed by global natural resource exploration. PACCINT expanded its product range in South America by launching the full range of DAF vehicles for on- highway customers.
AFTERMARKET CUSTOMER SERVICES — PACCAR Parts had a good year in 2009, even though dealers and customers reduced inventory and delayed vehicle maintenance. With sales of $1.9 billion, PACCAR Parts is the primary source for aftermarket parts for PACCAR products, and supplies parts for other truck brands to
PACCAR’s dealers around the world. In the industry, there are over six million heavy duty trucks operating in North America and Europe, and the average age of North American vehicles is estimated to be over six years. The large vehicle parc creates the opportunity for excellent demand for parts and service and moderates the cyclicality of truck sales.
PACCAR Parts expanded current facilities to enhance logistics performance to dealers and customers. PACCAR Parts continues to lead the industry with technology that offers competitive advantages at PACCAR dealerships. PACCAR Parts enhanced its Connect program, a software solution for customer fleet-maintenance management and expanded national parts pricing and invoicing. FINANCIAL SERVICES — PACCAR Financial Services’ (PFS) conservative business approach, coupled with PACCAR’s superb S&P credit rating of AA- and the strength of the dealer network, enabled PFS to earn good results in 2009 despite turbulent worldwide financial markets. The PACCAR Financial Services group of companies has operations covering three continents and 20 countries. The global breadth of PFS and its rigorous credit application process supported a portfolio of 143,000 trucks and trailers, with total assets of $8.4 billion that earned a pretax profit of $85 million. PACCAR Financial Corp. (PFC) is the preferred funding source in North America for Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks, financing 23% of dealer Class 8 sales in the U.S. and Canada in 2009.
The unsettled financial markets and resulting “credit crunch” presented a daily challenge that increased funding costs for our customers and prompted a contraction in our finance companies’ assets. Special praise is merited for PACCAR’s treasury and finance teams who diligently, creatively and positively managed the company through a very challenging market in 2009. PACCAR issued $1.3 billion in medium-term notes at attractive rates during the year.
PACCAR Financial Europe (PFE) completed its eighth year of operation, focusing on the financing of new and used DAF trucks. PFE provides wholesale and retail financing for DAF dealers and customers in 16 European countries and financed 16% of DAF’s vehicle sales in 2009.
PACCAR Leasing (PacLease) had a good year and placed 3,800 new PACCAR vehicles in service in 2009.
 
                The North American lease market was lower, and PacLease Europe suffered due to the recession in the German truck market. The PacLease fleet is over 30,000 vehicles. Twenty percent of the North American Class 6-8 customers select full-service leasing to satisfy their equipment needs. PacLease continued to increase its market presence in 2009, growing its global network to over 400 locations, and represents one of the largest full-service truck rental and leasing operations in North America. ENViroNmENtaL LEaDErSHip — PACCAR is a global environmental leader. A significant accomplishment during the year was earning ISO 14001 environmental certification at all PACCAR manufacturing facilities in Europe and North America. PACCAR introduced medium duty diesel-electric hybrid vehicles, which can achieve up to a 30% fuel economy improvement. Many of the company’s manufacturing facilities achieved “Zero Waste to Landfill” status during the year. PACCAR employees are environmentally conscious and utilize
van pools, car pools and bus passes for 30% of their business commuting.
a Look aHEaD — PACCAR’s 15,000 employees enabled the company to distinguish itself as a global leader in the technology, capital goods, financial services and aftermarket parts businesses. Superior product quality, technological innovation and balanced global diversification are three key operating characteristics that define PACCAR’s business philosophy.
The ongoing recession will continue to have a negative impact on the North American and European truck markets in 2010. Current estimates for Class 8 trucks in North America indicate that yearly industry sales could be similar to 2001, and range from 125,000-150,000 units. This is one of the lowest sales levels in the last
10 years. Sales for Class 6-7 trucks are expected to be between 35,000-45,000 vehicles. The European heavy duty truck market, which had a weak year in 2009, could decline again as European government stimulus programs wane. It is estimated that the 15+ tonne market for 2010 will be in the range of 150,000-180,000 trucks, while demand for medium trucks should range from 45,000-55,000 units.
PACCAR had a reasonably successful year in 2009, with several operating divisions achieving good results, though some divisions recorded losses. The outlook for
2010 appears mixed as the economy generates limited growth in North America, and perhaps no growth in Europe. There will continue to be challenges until major economic indicators significantly improve, which will prompt increased freight tonnage and renewed truck demand. The company has taken proactive steps to adjust production rates as well as structurally reduce costs throughout the organization. PACCAR is well positioned and committed to maintaining the profitable results its shareholders expect, by delivering industry- leading products and services globally.
PACCAR and its employees are proud of the remarkable achievement of 71 consecutive years of net profit. PACCAR plans for the long term, and our shareholders have benefited from that approach. The embedded principles of integrity, quality and consistency of purpose continue to define the course in PACCAR’s operations. The proven business strategy — deliver technologically advanced premium products and an extensive array of tailored aftermarket customer services — enables PACCAR to pragmatically approach growth opportunities with a long-term focus. PACCAR is enhancing its stellar reputation as a leading technology company in the capital goods and financial service marketplace.
mark c. pigott
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 20, 2010
paccar Executive committee
Seated Left to Right: Tom Plimpton, Mark Pigott, Jim Cardillo, Dan Sobic; Standing Left to Right: Ron Armstrong, Michael Barkley, Aad Goudriaan, Bob Christensen, Dave Anderson, Kyle Quinn
5
    