                to our shareholders
 2
PaCCar had a good year in 2010, as our primary markets began recovering from the challenges of the recession. the company has earned an impressive 72 consecutive years of net income. this remarkable achievement was due to our 17,700 employees delivering industry-leading product quality, innovation and outstanding operating efficiency. PaCCar benefited from its global diversification, superior financial strength and good results from aftermarket parts and financial services. PaCCar’s $407 million of capital investments and research and development in 2010 enhanced its manufacturing capability and new product introductions, such as PaCCar’s MX engine for the North america market. PaCCar delivered 78,800 trucks to its customers and sold $2.2 billion of aftermarket parts. PaCCar has an excellent s&P credit rating of a+ as a result of consistent profitability, a strong balance sheet and good cash flow. looking ahead to 2011, a rebound is expected in the european and North american truck markets due to positive economic indicators.
Net income of $457.6 million on revenues of $10.3 billion was a significant accomplishment in the uneven global economy. PaCCar declared cash dividends of $.69 per share, including a special dividend of $.30 per share. regular quarterly cash dividends have increased over 100% in the last 10 years. shareholder equity grew to a record $5.4 billion.
  Industry Class 8 truck sales in North America, including Mexico, rose to 141,000 vehicles compared to 119,000 the prior year. The European heavy truck market in 2010 improved to 183,000 vehicles, compared to 168,000 in 2009. Fleets are generating higher profits due to increased freight, which is translating into higher industry truck orders.
PACCAR’s financial performance in 2010 resulted from proactive cost reductions, coupled with higher
sales and margins. After-tax return on beginning shareholder equity (ROE) was 9.0% in 2010, compared to 2.3% in 2009. The company’s 2010 after-tax return on revenues was 4.4%. PACCAR’s long-term financial performance, even in a turbulent, cyclical market, has enabled the company to distribute over $3.6 billion in dividends during the last 10 years. PACCAR’s average annual total shareholder return over the last decade was 23.0%, versus 1.4% for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.

                The three-year recession provided a timely reminder of the merits and strength of PACCAR’s conservative business approach, quality products and customer service focus.
INVESTING FOR THE FUTURE — PACCAR’s excellent long-term profits, strong balance sheet, and intense focus on quality, technology and productivity have allowed the company to invest $3.9 billion since 2001 in capital projects, new products and processes. Productivity and efficiency improvement of 5-7% annually and capacity improvements of over 40% in the last five years have enhanced the capability of the company’s manufacturing and parts facilities. PACCAR is recognized as one of the leading applied technology companies in the industry, and innovation continues to be a cornerstone of its success. PACCAR has integrated new technology to profitably support its business, as well as its dealers, customers and suppliers.
Capital investments were $168 million in 2010. An important transformational multi-year investment was the opening of PACCAR’s engine plant in Mississippi. Over 10,000 PACCAR engines have been ordered for Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks – the first time PACCAR has installed its own engines in North America. Other major capital projects during the year included the launch of new Peterbilt, Kenworth, and DAF vehicles and the opening of a new parts distribution center (PDC) in Santiago, Chile.
PACCAR continues to examine manufacturing, IT and engineering opportunities in Asia, with the primary focus being China and India. PACCAR is increasing its component purchases and powertrain sales in China as a result of its Shanghai and Beijing offices. The PACCAR MX engine has been honored as best-in-class at the Shanghai Bus Show four years in a row.
SIX SIGMA — Six Sigma is integrated into all business activities at PACCAR and has been adopted at 230 of
the company’s suppliers and many of the company’s dealers and customers. Its statistical methodology is critical in the development of new product designs, customer services and manufacturing processes. Since inception, Six Sigma has delivered over $1.5 billion in cumulative savings in all facets of the company. Over 11,000 employees have been trained in Six Sigma and 14,500 projects have been implemented since its
inception. Six Sigma, in conjunction with Supplier Quality, has been vital to improving logistics performance and component quality from company suppliers. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY — PACCAR’s Information Technology Division (ITD) and its over
650 innovative employees are an important competitive asset for the company. PACCAR’s use of information technology is centered on developing and integrating software and hardware that enhance the quality and efficiency of all products and operations throughout the company. In 2010, ITD provided innovative engine manufacturing software for the Mississippi factory, as well as infrastructure capacity upgrades. Over 23,000 dealers, customers, suppliers and employees have experienced the company’s Technology Centers highlighting surface computing, tablet PCs, an
electronic leasing and finance office, and an electronic service analyst.
TRUCKS — U.S. and Canadian Class 8 industry retail sales in 2010 were 126,000 units, and the Mexican market totaled 15,000 units. European Union (EU) industry heavy truck sales were 183,000 units.
PACCAR’s Class 8 retail sales in the U.S. and Canada achieved a market share of 24.1% in 2010. DAF achieved a record 15.2% share in the 15+ tonne truck market in Europe. Industry Class 6 and 7 truck retail sales in the U.S. and Canada were 41,000 units, a slight increase from the previous year. In the EU, the 6- to 15-tonne market was 51,000 units, the same as 2009. PACCAR’s North American and European market shares in the medium duty truck segment were very good, as the company delivered 14,500 medium duty trucks and tractors in 2010.
A tremendous team effort by the company’s purchasing, materials, engineering and production employees contributed to improved product quality and manufacturing efficiency during the year. The teams performed admirably and exceeded customer expectations by delivering the highest-quality products and services in our history. The Peterbilt Nashville plant was sold to align production capacity with
market demand.
PACCAR’s product quality continued to be recognized as the industry leader in 2010. Kenworth earned the J.D. Power Medium Duty Customer
3
 
                4
Satisfaction Award for dealer service. Peterbilt’s Model 384 earned the American Truck Dealer Association’s heavy duty “Commercial Truck of the Year” award and the DAF CF was the 2010 “Fleet Truck of the Year” in the U.K. for the tenth time.
Over 59% of PACCAR’s revenue was generated outside the United States, and the company realized excellent synergies globally in product development, sales and finance activities, purchasing and manufacturing.
DAF continued as one of the leaders in the European tractor market and expanded its product offerings to grow share in the vocational truck segment. DAF’s engineering team provided superb leadership in the development of the PACCAR MX engine for North America.
Leyland Trucks is the United Kingdom’s leading truck manufacturer. Leyland expanded its innovative body- building program by introducing new curtain-sided trailers and an additional range of tailgate options, selling over 530 van bodies during the year.
PACCAR Mexico (KENMEX) had a good year as the Mexican economy improved and truck fleets expanded. Its manufacturing facility continues to deliver outstanding product quality.
PACCAR Australia achieved strong results in 2010, as the country benefited from increased commodity prices. The introduction of new Kenworth models and expansion of the DAF product range in Australia combined for a record 25.7% heavy duty market share in 2010.
PACCAR International (PACCINT) exports trucks and parts to over 100 countries and achieved increased sales buoyed by global natural resource exploration. PACCINT expanded its product range in South America by launching the full range of DAF vehicles for customers west of the Andes.
AFTERMARKET CUSTOMER SERVICES — PACCAR Parts had an excellent year in 2010, as dealers and customers embraced vehicle maintenance programs and integrated customer logistics and billing systems. With sales of $2.2 billion, PACCAR Parts is the primary source for aftermarket parts for PACCAR products, and supplies parts for other truck brands to PACCAR’s dealers around the world. Over six million heavy duty trucks operate in North America and Europe, and the average age of North American vehicles is estimated to
be over seven years. The large vehicle parc creates excellent demand for parts and service and moderates the cyclicality of truck sales.
PACCAR Parts expanded its facilities to enhance logistics performance to dealers and customers. PACCAR Parts continues to lead the industry with technology that offers competitive advantages at PACCAR dealerships. PACCAR Parts enhanced its TRP program, an all-brands merchandise initiative targeted at competitors’ vehicles.
FINANCIAL SERVICES — PACCAR Financial Services’ (PFS) conservative business approach, coupled with PACCAR’s superb S&P credit rating of A+ and the strength of the dealer network, enabled PFS to earn good results in 2010 as worldwide financial markets steadily improved. The PACCAR Financial Services group of companies has operations covering three continents and 20 countries. The global breadth of PFS and its rigorous credit application process support a portfolio of over 133,000 trucks and trailers, with total assets of $7.9 billion that earned a pretax profit of $153.5 million. PACCAR Financial Corp. (PFC) is the preferred funding source in North America for Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks, financing 25% of dealer Class 8 sales in the U.S. and Canada in 2010. PFC began construction of a third used truck center in Salt Lake City. Interactive webcasts and target marketing enabled PFS to sell over 11,300 used trucks worldwide. PACCAR issued $680 million in medium-term notes at attractive rates during the year.
PACCAR Financial Europe (PFE) completed its ninth year of operation, focusing on the financing of new and used DAF trucks. PFE provides wholesale and retail financing for DAF dealers and customers in 16 European countries and financed 19% of DAF’s vehicle sales in 2010.
PACCAR Leasing (PacLease) had a good year and placed 4,000 new PACCAR vehicles in service in 2010. The North American lease market was stronger and PacLease Europe grew its lease and rental fleet as the German truck market strengthened. The PacLease fleet is over 31,000 vehicles. Twenty-four percent of North American Class 6-8 customers select full-service leasing to satisfy their equipment needs. PacLease represents one of the largest full-service truck rental and leasing
 
                operations in North America and continued to increase its market presence in 2010, growing its global network to 470 locations.
ENVIRONMENTAL LEADERSHIP — PACCAR is a global environmental leader. A significant achievement was earning ISO 14001 environmental certification at all PACCAR manufacturing facilities in Europe and North America. DAF introduced its medium duty diesel- electric LF hybrid vehicles, which can achieve up to a 30% fuel economy improvement. The company’s manufacturing facilities enhanced their “Zero Waste
to Landfill” programs during the year. PACCAR employees are environmentally conscious and utilize van pools, car pools and bus passes for 30% of their business commuting.
A LOOK AHEAD — PACCAR’s 17,700 employees enabled the company to distinguish itself as a global leader in the technology, capital goods, financial services and aftermarket parts businesses. Superior product quality, technological innovation and balanced global diversification are three key operating characteristics that define PACCAR’s business philosophy.
The improving economy will have a positive impact on the North American and European truck markets in 2011. Current estimates for Class 8 trucks in North America indicate that yearly industry sales could range from 200,000-220,000 units. Sales for Class 6-7 trucks are expected to be between 45,000-55,000 vehicles.
The European 15+ tonne market in 2011 is estimated to be in the range of 220,000-240,000 trucks, while demand for medium trucks are projected to range from 55,000-65,000 units.
PACCAR had a good year in 2010, with most operating divisions achieving improved results and some achieving record revenues and profits. The outlook for 2011 is brighter as the economy is forecast to grow over 3% in North America and 1-2% in Europe. There are opportunities for PACCAR to grow its business in its current markets and in the emerging BRIC markets.
We are examining strategic plans that focus on manufacturing, distribution and aftermarket services. PACCAR is well positioned and committed to maintaining the profitable results its shareholders expect, by delivering industry-leading products and services globally.
PACCAR recognizes two significant retirements. President Jim Cardillo retired upon completion of 20 years of exemplary service, in which he was instrumental in the establishment of the PACCAR engine program in North America and the integration of DAF into PACCAR. Gary Reed is retiring after 13 years on the Board of Directors. Gary’s strong analytical insight and dedication to uncompromising strategic evaluation contributed to PACCAR’s success. We thank Jim and Gary for their dedication and wish both happy and healthy retirements.
PACCAR and its employees are proud of the remarkable achievement of 72 consecutive years of net profit. PACCAR embraces a long-term view of its businesses, and our shareholders have benefited from that approach. The embedded principles of integrity, quality and consistency of purpose continue to define the course in PACCAR’s operations. The proven business strategy — deliver technologically advanced premium products and an extensive array of tailored aftermarket customer services — enables PACCAR to pragmatically approach growth opportunities with a long-term focus. As our major markets emerge from a difficult recession, PACCAR is enhancing its stellar reputation as a leading technology company in the capital goods and financial services marketplace.
MARK c. PIgOTT
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 21, 2011
PAccAR Executive committee
Seated Left to Right: Tom Plimpton, Mark Pigott, Ron Armstrong, Dan Sobic; Standing Left to Right: Michael Barkley, Sam Means, Harrie Schippers, Bob Christensen, Dave Anderson, Bob Bengston, Kyle Quinn
5
   