2
PACCAR is celebrating 110 years of success in 2015. It is a major milestone that speaks eloquently to the steady and consistent leadership of the company and the unwavering commitment of all employees to exceed our customers’ expectations by delivering the highest quality products and services. PACCAR has strived to be at the forefront of technology for over a century and the world class range of company products reflects that dedicated resolve. PACCAR is recognized as one of the leading technology companies worldwide, and innovation continues to be a cornerstone of its success. PACCAR has integrated new technology, such as 3D component printing, to profitably support its business, as well as its dealers, customers and suppliers.
PACCAR has achieved excellent financial results by focusing on the premium quality segment of our industry – a notable record considering the cyclicality of the capital goods business. The company is also an environmental leader and has pioneered “no waste to landfill,” led the industry in sales of alternative fuel vehicles and reduced its carbon footprint. Our shareholders have enjoyed excellent returns, with steady regular dividend growth and increased shareholder value. I would like to thank the tens of thousands of employees whose hard work, ingenuity and drive for quality through the decades have enabled PACCAR to grow into a global technology company.
The Board views succession planning as a critical responsibility and we are pleased that the transition to Ron Armstrong, chief executive officer, has been very smooth. Ron and team are experienced executives who have managed through many business cycles and have delivered outstanding results to our shareholders.
PACCAR had an excellent year in 2014 as it achieved record revenues due to good truck markets in North America and excellent results in the financial services and aftermarket parts businesses. Customers renewed and expanded their fleets, reflecting strong freight demand. PACCAR’s financial results benefited from global diversification as the strong North American truck market countered the slower European truck market. The company has realized excellent synergies globally in product development, sales and finance activities, purchasing and manufacturing.
PACCAR’s superb credit rating of A+/A1 results from consistent profitability, a strong balance sheet and excellent cash flow. PACCAR increased its regular quarterly dividend by 10 percent to $0.22/share and declared a special dividend of $1.00/share. Regular quarterly cash dividends have more than doubled in the last ten years. Shareholders’ equity was a record $6.75 billion at year end.
On behalf of the company, I would like to thank John Fluke, who is retiring from the Board of Directors after 30 years of outstanding commitment and exemplary dedication to the global growth of PACCAR. Our shareholders have benefited from John’s knowledge of the industry, excellent governance and broad perspective in analyzing business opportunities. John’s thorough understanding of the cyclical capital goods business has enabled the company to make important investments during all phases of the business cycle. His focus on the long-term, rather than being swayed by business fads that do not stand the test of time, has kept the company on a steady profitable path. We are grateful for
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  
John’s wisdom, counsel, insight and friendship that have nurtured several generations of management leaders and contributed outstanding financial results to our shareholders.
I am pleased that the Board has elected Beth Ford to the Board of Directors, effective April 21, 2015. Beth’s global experience and understanding of information technology and consumer markets will make an excellent contribution to PACCAR’s success.
PACCAR and its employees are proud of the remarkable achievement of 76 consecutive years of net profit. The PACCAR Board of Directors embraces a long-term view of the business, and our shareholders have benefited from that approach. The embedded principles of integrity, quality and consistency of purpose define the course in PACCAR’s operations. The proven business strategy — deliver technologically advanced premium products and provide an extensive array of tailored aftermarket customer services — enables PACCAR to pragmatically approach growth opportunities. We look forward to enhancing PACCAR’s stellar reputation as a leading technology company in the capital goods and financial services marketplace.
MARK C. PIGOTT
Executive Chairman February 18, 2015
3
           