A LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Throughout 2014, we worked relentlessly to strengthen our safety culture and our operations. We raised our reliability and customer service to new levels. We delivered energy that is among the cleanest in the nation. And in all of these efforts, we remained intent on ensuring the ongoing affordability of our service.
These and other accomplishments made 2014 a strong year and underscored that PG&E continues to move in the right direction. Importantly, our customers are seeing this same progress. PG&E’s customer satisfaction improved last year to the highest level since 2009, surpassing our goal and giving us further affirmation that we are doing the right work – and doing the work right.
Our vision is to be the nation’s leading utility. To get there, our team is working every day to ensure we are doing what is necessary to provide the safe, reliable and affordable energy that customers expect, both today and tomorrow.
As one sign of our momentum, last year we became one of the first natural gas utilities to earn two respected international safety certifications—ISO 55001 and PAS 55-1—which require us to meet rigorous standards for managing our gas pipelines and other physical assets. Indeed, Lloyd’s Register, which reviewed our compliance with these standards, certified PG&E as a best-in-class gas system operator.
Other examples of progress on safety included improving emergency response times, finding and fixing leaks faster thanks to new technology and better processes, and completing our system-wide program to replace cast-iron pipe in our distribution system—a major safety milestone.
On electric reliability, we delivered record performance for the sixth consecutive year. The typical PG&E customer experienced fewer outages than ever, and service was restored faster than ever. We achieved this despite being tested by strong winter storms and the most powerful earthquake to hit our service area in 25 years.
Credit for these results goes first to our people. But behind the scenes, new technology is also helping to make our system stronger and more resilient. Investments from SmartMetersTM and intelligent switches to last year’s opening of the first of three planned state-of-the-art electric distribution control centers are all playing a role in better reliability.
The year also included significant accomplishments in our energy supply business. PG&E continued to deliver energy that is among the cleanest of any utility in the nation. In 2014, 27 percent of the electricity we delivered to customers came from solar, wind and other renewable energy resources, putting us on track to meet California’s 33 percent goal by 2020. Our combination of renewables with our hydroelectric and nuclear resources means that more than half of our power again came from sources that emit no greenhouse gases.
Our leadership on clean energy also includes supporting options for our customers. PG&E has interconnected more than 150,000 solar rooftops—more than any other utility in the country by a wide margin. And early this year, we won approval for a new program that will allow us to offer customers a choice to purchase 100 percent renewable power.
We are proud of the strides we made in 2014. At the same time, everyone at PG&E understands that we have more work ahead. Looking forward, we see tremendous opportunity to build on these successes and create the foundation for the safe, reliable, affordable and clean energy future our customers expect.
California and its utilities have shown a strong commitment to leadership on energy innovation. Recently, in fact, California Governor Jerry Brown set out an even more ambitious vision for increasing the state’s use of renewable energy, improving energy efficiency and reducing gasoline consumption.
Realizing these goals will require that we continue working to create a 21st-century electric grid. From renewables and energy storage to electric vehicles and smart homes and appliances, the grid is the platform for integrating and optimizing a growing array of new technologies. As such, ongoing innovation and investment in utility infrastructure is critical to California’s ability to achieve its environmental, energy productivity and energy security goals.
i

Last year regulators approved our plans for substantial new capital projects, including many that are aimed at helping us move in this direction. This year, we are seeking approval for further investments. Our pending Gas Transmission and Storage Rate Case, for example, focuses on work to help achieve some of the nation’s toughest state safety standards and add capacity to support economic growth in California.
As critical as these investments are however, it is equally vital that we keep our service affordable. Average monthly bills for PG&E customers are among the nation’s lowest. But meeting our long-term goal to keep prices in line with inflation will require us to continue managing costs responsibly and operating as efficiently as possible. We also know it is important to make rates simpler and more equitable for all customers, and we are working with stakeholders to adopt sensible changes.
In all of our work, we are committed to meeting the highest ethical standards. Regrettably, last year we found that certain interactions between individuals at PG&E and regulators failed that test. In response, we took swift and decisive actions to strengthen our compliance and prevent this from happening in the future. We are building on those actions with further steps to ensure transparency and accountability this year.
Ultimately, the confidence and satisfaction of our customers are what will determine our success. We know that customers look to us for more than safe, reliable and affordable service. They expect us to contribute to a better quality of life and a brighter future for our communities and our state.
I am convinced that PG&E is uniquely positioned to succeed in fulfilling these expectations. In fact, I believe that no utility is better prepared to make the most of the opportunities that lie ahead for our customers and investors – or more determined to lead the way forward in this new era of energy innovation and growth.
On behalf of our 23,000 employees, thank you for following our progress. We look forward to continuing on this journey and working together to build a better California.
Sincerely,
Anthony F. Earley, Jr.
Chairman of the Board, CEO and President PG&E Corporation
 ii
