                  A
s most of you know, the leader- ship of your company underwent an orderly and planned change on February 6, 2006. This report to Potlatch stockholders repre- sents the combined thoughts
of Mike Covey, Potlatch’s new President and Chief Executive Officer, and Penn
Siegel, who retired as CEO but will continue as Chairman of the Board through the end of 2006.
Potlatch’s conversion on January 1, 2006,
to a real estate investment trust (REIT) signals a new chapter in the company’s ongoing commitment to increasing stockholder value. By placing our company’s primary asset, our forestlands, in a tax-efficient REIT structure, we have unlocked the value of that asset for our stockholders through higher quarterly distri- butions and, at the same time, have improved Potlatch’s ability to compete in the challenging market for timberland acquisitions. Over time, this improved competitive position enhances our ability to grow distributions for stockholders through timberland acquisitions.
Stockholders have already benefited from our new REIT status with our first regular quarterly distribution of $0.65 per share, which represented a significant increase from the $0.15 per share quarterly dividends of 2005. Our regular annual distribution will increase to approximately $76 million in 2006, compared to $17.5 million in 2005.
As part of our conversion to a REIT, Potlatch also distributed all past earnings and profits (E&P) not distributed prior to January 1, 2006. That aggregated E&P distribution of approxi-
mately $445 million, or $15.15 per share,
was paid on March 31, 2006, to stockholders of record on February 14, 2006. Because the
cash portion of the aggregated distribution was limited to 20 percent of the total, with the remaining 80 percent distributed as stock, the additional shares have had the effect of reducing the per share annual distribution from $2.60 on the 29.4 million shares outstanding on
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
   2
“Potlatch’s conversion on January 1, 2006, to a real estate investment trust (REIT) signaled a new chapter in the company’s ongoing commitment to increasing stock- holder value. By placing our company’s primary asset, our forestlands, in a tax- efficient REIT structure, we have unlocked the value of that asset for our stockholders through higher distributions and, at the same time, improved Potlatch’s ability to compete in the increasingly challenging market for timberland.”
Michael J. Covey, Director, President and
Chief Executive Officer (left) and
L. Pendleton Siegel, Chairman of the Board (right)
December 31st, to $1.96 per share on the 38.5 million shares outstanding currently.
As a REIT, our most important goal will
be to increase our quarterly and annual distribu- tions to stockholders. We expect to accomplish this by growing our REIT-qualified income through efficient and market-sensitive sales of standing timber and leases on our 1.5 million acres of forestland as well as strategically planned land sales and timberland acquisitions.
  
                 In addition, we expect to grow distributions by improving earnings from our non-REIT manufacturing assets in the Wood Products, Pulp and Paperboard and Consumer Products business segments, each of which is well managed and competitively positioned in its respective product lines.
Our REIT-qualified income and subsequent distributions to stockholders will also benefit
increase the long-term sustainable production from those lands. On the balance of our
1.5 million acres, we have been able to increase per-acre sustainable wood fiber production through continual improvements in silvicul- tural applications and management practices. Increased harvests from our timberlands
are being conducted in a manner that assures long-term sustainability.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 from sale of wood fiber from our 17,000-acre Boardman, Oregon, hybrid poplar plantation, which began full operations in late 2005. The plantation’s sustainable annual harvest level of approximately 340,000 tons, based on 11-year rotations, will be reached over the next three
to five years. We also expect to increase harvests over the next three years on our 666,000 acres of Idaho timberlands to balance the age-class distribution of standing timber and thereby
Our non-REIT business segments, including activities related to the harvest and sale of logs, are now part of Potlatch Forest Products Corporation, the taxable subsidiary of the REIT. We believe each of these business segments is capable of generating sufficient cash flow to pay taxes and interest on debt, meet its own capital requirements and contribute income to the REIT for distribution to stock- holders. While each of these businesses faced
 3
  
                 challenges during 2005, they confronted those challenges through innovative product develop- ment and improved productivity and product quality. Under the REIT structure, we expect that each of these business segments will employ the same spirit of initiative and innovation necessary to generate cash flow to meet its requirements going forward.
Potlatch’s business segments were adversely
use per ton of production has been cut in half over the last three years.
Our 2005 capital expenditures of $106 million, including our $25 million investment
in a lumber mill in Michigan, focused on high-return investments aimed at improving product quality and productivity and at reducing costs. Capital projects directed toward product quality improvements have been critical in building marketplace credibility necessary to capture an increasing share of higher-value markets for lumber and panels, paperboard for packaging and containers and consumer tissue products. Some examples of these projects
are noted in the business segment reports that follow. Additionally, many of our 2005 capital projects as well as those planned for 2006 are directed toward reducing energy costs, which continue to be a challenge for all of our business segments. However, your management team
will continue to exercise discipline in capital allocation by reviewing approved capital expen- ditures before their execution.
Safety performance at all of the company’s operations continues to improve. The combined company OSHA incident rate was at a new
low last year. Although each business segment contributed to the overall reduction, some facilities turned in outstanding performances during 2005. For example, the Warren lumber mill finished the year without a single accident under OSHA recordable standards.
Operating income and net sales for our Resource segment increased in 2005, compared to 2004, as the result of increased fee timber harvests in Idaho and Arkansas, increased sales
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  Resource
Operations: Arkansas, Idaho, Minnesota and Oregon
Products: 1.5 million acres of timberland producing a variety of softwood and hardwood species, including 17,000 acres of land growing hybrid poplar.
Sales & Distribution: Arkansas, Idaho and Minnesota.
 2005
2004
2003
$157,233 95,381
$252,614
  $174,907 130,085
$164,396 109,896
$304,992
$274,292
  Sales ($ in 000’s) Internal sales External sales
Total
   impacted by increased energy and raw material costs during 2005. Costs for all segments increased sharply in the third and fourth quarters as the result of the Gulf Coast hurricanes and their effect on petroleum and natural gas prices. However, our continuing efforts to reduce manufacturing energy costs through conservation and energy-generation initiatives helped mitigate those increases, particularly in our pulp and paperboard business segment, where natural gas
 4
  
                 of non-strategic forestland and revenue from the sale of conservation easements. These improvements were partially offset by higher logging and purchased log costs, as well as higher depletion expense.
During the year the segment achieved certification of its management practices on our 469,000 acres in Arkansas and 314,000 acres in Minnesota under the social, environmental and economic criteria of the Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC). Management practices on
all 1.5 million acres of Potlatch’s forestland are now FSC certified, which puts the company
in the unique position of being the only major public U.S. forest products company to
have substantially all of its forestland certified under both FSC and the Sustainable Forestry Initiative® (SFI) environmental standards. Additionally, the Resource segment’s environmental management system (EMS) is certified under International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 14001 standards. The EMS is a primary management tool on all lands managed by the Resource segment.
The Boardman operation began ramping
up its harvests to its long-term sustainable level in late 2005. Within three to five years, the volume harvested annually from our 17,000-acre Boardman property is projected to be roughly equal to the net annual growth on our 314,000 acres in Minnesota.
During 2005, the Resource segment generated $7 million of revenue from sale of conservation easements in Idaho and Minnesota, up from $4 million the previous year. The company regards conservation easements, under
which development rights are sold, as unique opportunities to assure perpetual sustainable forest management, public access and protection of habitat features. Development pressure has escalated land values, making it increasingly difficult to attain fair market value for conservation easements. Additional easement projects are being considered on a limited basis, with the assistance of several
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  Wood Products
Operations: Arkansas, Idaho, Michigan and Minnesota
Products: Lumber, plywood and particleboard. Sales & Distribution: Throughout the United States.
 2005
2004 2003 $357,172
798,698 150,691 70,303
$350 308 217
 $475,359
$439,004
916,787 146,721 65,694
792,605 158,656 63,578
$420 358 269
$436 376 295
  Sales* ($ in 000’s)
Shipments:
Lumber (m. bd. ft.) Plywood
(m. sq. ft., 3/8" basis) Particleboard
(m. sq. ft., 3/4" basis)
Sales Price/Unit ($ per unit): Lumber (m. bd. ft.) Plywood
(m. sq. ft., 3/8" basis) Particleboard
(m. sq. ft., 3/4" basis) *Excludes internal sales.
      conservation groups including the Trust for Public Lands and The Nature Conservancy.
Recreation leases, particularly for hunting, continue to generate additional revenues in Arkansas and Minnesota. Although hunting leases have been common in Arkansas for many years, the program in Minnesota, only in its third year, has demonstrated increased interest and income in each year since the program began.
 5
  
                 The Wood Products segment’s operating income for 2005 was significantly less than
the previous year despite higher net sales and shipments for lumber, which largely resulted from the additional production at our newly acquired lumber mill in Gwinn, Michigan.
The reduction in operating income reflected the combined effects of higher raw material costs and lower selling prices for most of the segment’s
Capital projects at several Wood Products segment facilities are enhancing product quality and improving grade recovery. Replacement
of 70-year-old dry kilns at our lumber mill in Lewiston, Idaho, has improved lumber grade yield by seven percent, reduced trim waste by two percent and cut steam usage by 10 percent. Less drying variability is also generating a 15-20 percent improvement in planer throughput.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 “Our REIT-qualified income and subsequent distributions to stockholders will also benefit from sale of wood fiber from our 17,000-acre Boardman, Oregon, hybrid poplar plantation, which began full operations in late 2005. The plantation’s sustainable annual harvest level of approximately 340,000 tons, based on 11-year rotations, will be reached over the next three to five years.”
 products. Additionally, income was impacted
by downtime at several operations to install new equipment and balance inventories.
The Gwinn acquisition, completed in May of 2005, complements the company’s pine lumber operation in Bemidji, Minnesota. During the
last half of 2005, the two mills were successful in combining their efforts to provide a wider range of products and production flexibility for the segment’s customers.
New dry kilns are also being installed at the St. Maries, Idaho, and Gwinn lumber mills, where they are expected to similarly affect lumber quality and grade recovery.
Automated grading at the Bemidji lumber mill, which produces standard and finger-joint studs, employs a single camera scan of each stud to facilitate highest-value solutions in grading and trimming. Similar systems have started
up at the Prescott, Arkansas, lumber mill and
 6
  
                 will start up at the Lewiston, St. Maries and Warren lumber mills in 2006.
In Arkansas, a new “curve” sawing gang
is improving grade recovery at the Warren mill, just as a similar installation had previously improved grade recovery at the Prescott mill. Precision log-scanning enables the program- ming of log-sawing solutions that follow the wood grain, which reduces waste and downgrade
of-custody certifications at Warren, Prescott and Bemidji were announced in 2005 in conjunction with the announcement of FSC certification of Potlatch forestland in Arkansas and Minnesota. The Wood Products and Resource segments are collaborating on a marketing initiative to raise consumer awareness and generate additional value from Potlatch’s commitment to third-party certification, especially as represented by our
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
   Pulp and Paperboard
Operations: Lewiston, Idaho; Cypress Bend, Arkansas
Products: Bleached paperboard for packaging liquids and other products and for paper cups and plates; bleached softwood pulp.
Sales & Distribution: Worldwide.
 2005
2004 2003 $439,073
652,763 47,186
$645 387
 $522,370
$482,601
715,421 48,987
710,546 42,205
$700 425
$652 450
Sales* ($ in 000’s)
Shipments (tons): Paperboard Pulp**
Sales Price/Unit ($ per unit): Paperboard
Pulp
*Excludes internal sales. **Excludes pulp used internally.
    in later drying and finishing operations.
As noted earlier, all 1.5 million acres of the company’s forestland is now certified under the
FSC standards. To complement that effort, the Wood Products segment’s lumber and plywood operations have leveraged those certifications by achieving and maintaining chain-of-custody certifications under FSC standards, which authorize application of the FSC label on the segment’s lumber and plywood products. Chain-
FSC-certified wood products. That initiative
is being supported by many responsible environ- mental and conservation groups.
Higher natural gas and energy-related chemical and transportation costs, combined with higher fiber costs in Arkansas, contributed to a small operating loss for the Pulp and Paperboard segment in 2005, despite an improvement in
net paperboard sales due to higher selling prices and increased shipments. Pulp net sales
 7
  
                 (including intersegment sales) were down slightly as the result of lower selling prices, which
offset a mild improvement in shipments to our external customers.
The segment continued to succeed in its efforts to improve paperboard quality at the Lewiston, Idaho, pulp and paperboard mill. Capital and operational improvements on both Idaho paperboard machines over the past three
contribute to improved operating results in 2006. Productivity has also improved at Lewiston,
with the facility setting a record for pulp and paperboard production in 2005. At Cypress Bend, contract negotiations with the United Steel, Paper and Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied Industrial and Service Workers International Union culminated with a new four-year contract.
We are mitigating the high price of natural gas, which has tripled in recent years, exacer- bated in the last half of 2005 by the Gulf Coast hurricanes, by concentrated efforts to reduce natural gas usage through conservation and increased energy production. The combination has resulted in the segment’s reduction of over fifty percent in natural gas consumption per ton of production over the past three years. Most of the improvement has been the result of relentless pursuit and elimination of inefficiencies in the use of thermal energy throughout the Idaho and Arkansas facilities. Capital expenditures in most cases were minimal in relation to the returns they generated, particularly as gas prices escalated.
Operating income for our Consumer Products segment was $11.3 million for 2005, compared
to a loss of $10.2 million recorded for 2004. The dramatic turnaround resulted from a 15 percent improvement in net sales, driven by shipment improvements of four percent and an 11 percent increase in selling prices for all of our tissue products. The higher prices were largely the result of growing marketplace acceptance of our new ultra through-air-dried (TAD) towel product
from our new Las Vegas tissue machine, which continues to operate well. Our customers are
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  Consumer Products
Operations: Lewiston, Idaho; Las Vegas, Nevada; Benton Harbor, Michigan and Elwood, Illinois
Products: Bathroom tissue, facial tissue, towels and napkins packaged for various store labels.
Sales & Distribution: Throughout the United States and Canada.
 2005
2004
2003 $300,811
167,981
$1,791
 $368,330
$319,971
177,882
171,680
$2,071
$1,864
Sales* ($ in 000’s)
Shipments (tons): Tissue
Sales Price/Unit ($ per unit): Tissue
*Excludes internal sales.
    years have resulted in top quality characteristics for all three product lines – folding carton, cupstock and liquid packaging – which are critical to the segment’s market strategies.
In 2005, both the Lewiston and Cypress Bend operations provided superior quality and service, opening up many opportunities to shift customer mix in favor of higher-value products and command competitive pricing on existing business. Price improvements are expected to
  8
  
                 particularly enthusiastic about the new towel product’s strength and absorbency and have readily added it to their private label product lines. The improvements were offset by increased freight costs and higher labor costs – largely
due to expansion of the converting operation at Elwood, Illinois – as well as increased packaging and energy costs.
In April 2005, a third converting line was added at our Elwood facility to accommodate production of our Las Vegas TAD machine.
In January 2006, we announced closure of our leased converting facility at Benton Harbor, Michigan, and the relocation of the equipment to Elwood, which will have four converting
lines and will add a fifth line later in 2006.
The consolidation and expansion of our Midwest converting operations at Elwood will help reduce the segment’s transportation costs as Elwood’s multi-mode transportation hub will allow lower- cost rail shipment of parent rolls produced
at Lewiston and Las Vegas. Elwood’s expansion will also match converting capacity with our customers’ needs for various products, especially our new TAD towels. We will be able to eliminate expensive contract converting and provide more cost-efficient delivery to our growing customer base in the Midwest and East.
The segment began marketing rapid- dissolving SepticSureTM tissue products in 2005. Targeted to septic tank users and recreation vehicle and boat users, SepticSure is being sold under Potlatch’s own label.
With a new tax-efficient REIT structure, well-managed and productive timberlands,
a sound financial structure and resourceful and
competitive manufacturing businesses, Potlatch and its stockholders can look forward to a promising future as the company enters its 103rd year. As always, however, Potlatch’s strength
lies in the experience, commitment and dedica- tion of its employees at all levels and in all areas of the company. It is through the efforts of our employees that we assure ethical and innova- tive leadership, superior product quality and customer service and a continuing respect for our environmental and social responsibilities.
Michael J. Covey
Director, President and Chief Executive Officer
L. Pendleton Siegel Chairman of the Board April 1, 2006
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
   9
  