 Dear Stockholders,
The Priceline Group delivered another year of strong business performance in 2015 despite continued volatility in the macro conditions we confront around the globe. In my judgment, the Group's consistent performance is a testament to the strength of our independent brands, the execution by our outstanding brand leaders and our strong culture of entrepreneurship, which enable teamwork and innovation to flourish and allow us to attract the best people to join us in our collective mission to help people experience the world.
The Group reported $55.5 billion in gross travel bookings in 2015, an increase of 25% on a constant currency basis. We are justifiably proud to achieve such a high level of growth given the size of our business, especially since it represents organic growth driven by innovation and expanding brand strength. Despite continued currency headwinds, the Group delivered the industry's highest profit margins and $2.6 billion in net income for the year.
Booking.com, our largest brand, had an outstanding year, characterized by relentless innovation which allowed the business to build a world-class, device-agnostic experience for customers and reservation growth to partners, all while achieving profitable growth at scale. Continued growth in the breadth of accommodation supply, as well as marketing and product innovations, have been key drivers in this impressive performance. Booking.com remained committed to growing its supply of vacation rentals, including homes, apartments and villas, which now constitute almost 50% of total properties. In addition, advances in scaling a booking experience for these properties that meets the high standards our customers have come to expect, have contributed to growth in reservations. Booking.com has also made solid progress in building Booking for Business, its Genius loyalty program and the BookingSuite marketing services business for hotels, which also provide a foundation for future growth. Gillian Tans has recently been named CEO of Booking.com. Gillian previously served as President and COO and, as a 14-year veteran of the business, she has played an instrumental role in building the business into a global leader. I am looking forward to working with Gillian in her new role.
The Group's other brands, priceline.com, KAYAK, agoda.com, Rentalcars.com and OpenTable, all share the same commitment to continuous innovation around product and marketing, allowing us to continue to take the friction out of travel and dining-out for customers all over the world, and be a world leader when it comes to helping our partners grow their businesses. In 2015, priceline.com implemented improvements to the technology platform underlying its full service travel offering and is positioned to push product enhancements and more rapid experimentation in support of an iconic brand in the U.S. market. KAYAK delivered a strong year of profit growth through product enhancements, an effective re-orientation of brand and performance-based marketing in online channels and international expansion. Agoda.com made great progress in 2015, building customer loyalty through value-based offerings and refining its performance-based marketing strategy in online channels. Rentalcars.com continued building its international brand through organic growth and a focus on improving the customer experience from end-to-end. At OpenTable, with Christa Quarles promoted to CEO, the team has made progress developing the platform for scaled international expansion, adding more restaurants to its cloud-based solution and delivering diner and revenue growth with the leading U.S. brand in online dining reservations.
     
All of the Group's brands share a passion for creating the most compelling online experience for our customers and the most advanced and effective online marketing programs, which present our brands to millions of customers all over the world. This requires a mastery of the multi-screen world, with mobile becoming the most important medium for messaging and transacting, and new platforms emerging and rapidly scaling to become major sources of traffic and demand. We are fortunate to have six talented teams driving investment, innovation and experimentation in this multi-screen world, all while sharing best practices to make the whole Group stronger.
Finally, as has been reported in the press and detailed in the attached proxy statement, I have returned to the Group as interim Group CEO and our Board has commenced a search for a long-term successor. While unplanned, I consider it a great privilege to lead this organization and the talented team of people who advance our cause every day. I believe the business is well positioned to build on its long record of solid financial performance.
I would like to thank our customers, employees, partners and stockholders for their support.
Sincerely,
Jeffery H. Boyd
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and President, and Chairman of the Board April 28, 2016
     