Global Reports LLC
A Message From
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Roger D. Linquist
To Our Stockholders,
2008 was a high-growth year in which we launched service in new major metropolitan areas, expanded service in our existing markets, continued to innovate and bring new services to market, recorded record net subscriber additions and reported strong financial results. Throughout 2008, in both our Core and Expansion Markets, we increased subscriber penetration even with the significant headwinds of a deteriorating economy and an overall competitive environment. As voice continues to go wireless, we have effectively changed how wireless services are sold by offering predictable, affordable, and flexible, unlimited wireless communications services. As a pioneer in pay-in-advance unlimited wireless, we are also one of the most profitable and fastest growing broadband mobile wireless providers in the United States.
In 2008, we had 1.4 million net subscriber additions, bringing our total subscriber base at year end 2008 to approximately 5.4 million subscribers, up from approximately 4 million at the end of 2007. In fact, during the fourth quarter, MetroPCS recorded a greater increase in new subscribers per covered population than any other major facilities-based carrier in the United States. As an indication of our ability to execute on our plans, we are very pleased to report that we have met or exceeded the guidance we provided for 2008 originally issued in November 2007. Recently, in April 2009, we reported total net subscriber additions of approximately 684 thousand during the first quarter of 2009, and total subscribers of approximately 6.1 million. This growth is outstanding and we are the leader in providing unlimited broadband mobile wireless services in our metropolitan markets in the United States.
We believe one of the keys to our success and continued growth is not only our value proposition, but the simplicity of our service offerings. We have focused our business on offering easy to understand service plans. Our affordable, flat-rate, unlimited wireless service does not require a signed contract. With our unlimited service plans, our subscribers can talk and text all they want. Alleviating subscribers from the concern of metered usage limits, has resulted in our subscribers using their phones over an hour a day or over 2,000 minutes per month. This usage is more than double the large national providers’ average and is a key competitive differentiator.

Global Reports LLC
During 2008, we also continued to bring our unlimited service to new metropolitan areas as well as expanded coverage in existing areas. Early in the year, we launched service in Las Vegas and Bakersfield, both of which complement our existing service in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. In April, we expanded our coverage in Florida with our introduction of service in Jacksonville. It is now possible for subscribers to drive from Jacksonville, through Miami and all the way to Key West uninterrupted, and unlimited, on MetroPCS service. In June, we expanded service in the Dallas / Ft. Worth metropolitan area to include Shreveport and Bossier City. In July of 2008, we were pleased to launch service in our first Northeast market, Philadelphia. In November of this past year, we further expanded our coverage in the Detroit area by adding Flint, Lansing, Saginaw and Bay City, Michigan. Recently, in early 2009, we had concurrent launches in both the New York City and Boston metropolitan areas. We began 2008 with 54 million covered POPs and ended 2008 with approximately 64 million covered POPs, an increase of 19%. Including the recent launches of service in the New York City and Boston metropolitan areas in February of 2009, MetroPCS now provides service in areas with approximately 80 million POPs across the United States, and we see outstanding potential for the future. Importantly, we will continue to expand coverage where appropriate, and by the end of 2010 we project our service will be available to approximately 100 million in population.
In addition to expanding service areas, we have continued to innovate. We continually add value to our pricing plans in order to stay competitive. During 2008 we introduced ChatLinkTM, a push to talk service, MetroFlashTM, Loopt®, a wireless caller name service, and MetroPCS Unlimited Nationwide(SM). These services add to the array of services we currently offer, including premium 411, MapQuest mobile, Facebook, plus many more. While all these services are exciting, I would like to highlight two services we introduced in 2008. MetroFlashTM enables consumers to use their compatible CDMA handsets on MetroPCS' network. During these difficult economic times, MetroFlashTM eliminates the barrier of having to purchase a new handset. In November, we introduced our MetroPCS Unlimited Nationwide(SM) service. With coverage in more than 4,600 cities and towns in the United States, it provides an incredible value to our subscribers as they now have the opportunity to travel and talk using their unlimited service outside their home markets. Additionally, the availability of this service could attract a new user segment to our service as the U.S. economy continues to motivate consumers to seek out the greatest value for their money.
“Phones are fashion” in this competitive industry and we realize the importance of offering handsets that consumers want. In March of 2009, we launched our first BlackBerry Curve 8330 smartphone. With a full-QWERTY keyboard and advanced multimedia capabilities, the handset is an ideal smartphone for customers that want to stay connected and demand value, performance and convenience. Concurrent with the BlackBerry handset launch, we also introduced

Global Reports LLC
the lowest priced service plans supporting the BlackBerry in the U.S. wireless market today.
We operate in a highly competitive industry that is growing and evolving quickly. Awareness of unlimited wireless plans continues to grow and, early in 2008, the national carriers introduced unlimited wireless plans, most of which were priced at $99. We believe the introduction of the new national carrier unlimited plans as a validation of our business model which results in increased customer awareness of unlimited offerings and additional growth opportunity.
Voice traffic continues to go wireless. During the year, we saw residential wireline access line losses by the largest national telephone companies in the 10%-12% range. In early 2009, we conducted a study and found more than 90% of MetroPCS customers use their MetroPCS phone as their primary phone, up from approximately 85% in 2008. According to some studies, roughly 20% of wireline access lines have been replaced/displaced with wireless services at the end of 2008. We believe that this trend will continue and that our unlimited, flat-rate service provides a compelling value proposition, especially as families increasingly “cut the cord.”
Maintaining cost discipline while expanding coverage and adding services to our plans is critical to our continued success. Since the launch of our first markets in 2002, we have maintained a focus on efficient spending and cost control. I am proud to report that for the third consecutive year our Core Markets Cost Per user (CPU) decreased and was approximately $14 for the full year 2008, which is more than 40% lower than the average CPU of the national wireless carriers. Importantly we believe there is still opportunity to drive costs down further as we gain additional economies of scale, which we believe, will continue to increase our profitability. Since 2002, we have reported subscriber growth of at least 35% for six years in a row. Importantly, we have achieved this overall growth while maintaining high Adjusted EBITDA margins in our Core Markets.
Profitable growth is the cornerstone of our business. As we continue to grow, we actively monitor and manage our Cost Per Gross Addition (CPGA). For the full year 2008, we reported a consolidated CPGA of approximately $127 which was less than half the average CPGA of the national wireless carriers. During the fourth quarter of 2008, we took steps to improve our ARPU and we saw positive results. Based upon our current pricing scenarios, we expect ARPU will stabilize throughout 2009 in the low $40 range, which is consistent with our long-term outlook guidance. We believe our plans still offer the most value to the customer.
With our unlimited service model and concentrated effort on managing costs to maintain a low CPU and CPGA, we are proud to say that we have profitability characteristics similar to the most profitable national wireless carrier in the industry. Throughout 2008, we continued our aggressive customer acquisition and, with our pay-in-advance model, we were able to avoid bad debt exposure

Global Reports LLC
and increase profitability. Our 2008 average monthly Core Markets Adjusted EBITDA was $21 per subscriber. Our full year Core Markets Adjusted EBITDA margin was 48%. On a consolidated basis, we reported average monthly Adjusted EBITDA per subscriber of nearly $14 per subscriber and a margin of approximately 32%. Over time, as markets mature, we believe our consolidated EBITDA per subscriber as well as our consolidated EBITDA margins will continue to grow.
While reporting strong Adjusted EBITDA margins, the subscriber penetration in our Core Markets continues to grow. It is noteworthy to point out that incremental penetration actually accelerated in 2008, gaining 1.6% of subscriber penetration for the year ending 2008 at 12.9%, up from 10.2% at the beginning of 2007. This is remarkable given the current macro-economic environment. A key driver in this increase in incremental penetration is existing wireless customers seeking out and switching over to the MetroPCS value proposition.
Our Expansion Markets ended 2008 with approximately 2.4 million subscribers, up approximately 83% over 2007. Our growth within Expansion Markets continues to be outstanding. In July of 2008, we launched service in our first Northeast market, Philadelphia. Our Philadelphia market was built with an extensive use of DAS (Distributed Antenna Systems). In fact, the downtown core of Philadelphia, comprising approximately 1.5 million POPs, is entirely covered using DAS. The use of DAS provides tremendous coverage and outstanding in- building penetration for the downtown Philadelphia area. The use of DAS also will also allow us to expand the capacity of our networks seamlessly. As consumers around the country replace/displace their wireline phones with wireless, our use of DAS provides an excellent opportunity for families to go wireless as it provides excellent in-building coverage which is essential for a landline replacement product like ours.
Building on our 2008 launch of Philadelphia, in early 2009, we launched service in New York City and Boston. Following these launches, we now cover in excess of 80 million covered POPs, and we currently offer service in 9 of the top 15 markets in the U.S. We are excited with the potential for our Northeast Markets, and in April of 2009 reported Northeast Markets net subscriber additions of approximately 249 thousand. Our network coverage in these densely populated, urban markets is outstanding and growing every day.
Looking forward – the biggest industry change over the next couple of years will be the migration to 4G technology. We have chosen LTE as our 4G path. We currently anticipate having a data-based LTE solution available by the second half of 2010. LTE will enable customers to use web-enabled phones at speeds not yet experienced by cell phone users. We will discuss more of our plan throughout 2009 and 2010 and are excited about the potential LTE will provide to our customers and us.

We compete and operate in an ever changing and challenging environment, and we believe our strength in increasing penetration clearly demonstrates we are changing the marketplace. Our strategy of offering unlimited wireless communications is clear and we are focused on execution. The key to building long-term value for our shareholders is reporting consistent results and providing our customers the best value for their dollar. We are proud of our strong subscriber growth, our low cost model, continued marketing innovation, and our improving Adjusted EBITDA margins. Looking towards the future, we plan to continue to deliver superior value to the customer and focus on profitable growth. I’d like to thank you for your trust and investment in us and thank all of our employees for another year of superior work and solid execution.
As the leader in providing unlimited service we have changed the way wireless services are provided. Unlimit yourself.
Sincerely,
Roger D. Linquist
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 Global Reports LLC
