I am pleased to erport that 20006 was a year of significant, continuted achievement
for your company.
We generated solid earnings and cash flow, set new company records for electric output
at our nuclear stations and fossil fleet, and won recognition for the second consecutive
year as America’s most reliable electric utility.
Moreover, 2006 was our employees’ safest year ever, reflecting their continued dedica-
tion to the high performance standards that underpin your company’s success. This
accomplishment builds on more than a decade of safety progress during which employees
have reduced the number and severity of accidents by more than two-thirds. It is a
tribute to their focus each day on making our workplace safer and their care for the cus-
tomers and
communities we serve.
A Strong Stand-Alone Position and Outlook
These and other accomplishments prepared the ground for an even brighter future. By a
considerable margin we have the strongest financial outlook in my 20-plus years as CEO
of your company: We anticipate operating earnings to be about one-third higher in 2007
than 2006, and in excess of ten percent higher still in 2008.
On a disappointing note, we were unable to complete the merger with Exelon due largely
to the demands of the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities. Those demands, had they
been accepted, would have produced a far inferior outlook for the combined company
than our stand-alone prospects. Exelon reached a similar conclusion and terminated
the merger agreement.
Throughout the merger process we kept a close eye on maintaining a strong go-it-alone
strategy in the event the merger did not succeed. As a result, we are a much stronger and
better positioned company than we were in December 2004 when the merger agreement was signed.
your company.
We generated solid earnings and cash flow, set new company records for electric output
at our nuclear stations and fossil fleet, and won recognition for the second consecutive
year as America’s most reliable electric utility.
Moreover, 2006 was our employees’ safest year ever, reflecting their continued dedica-
tion to the high performance standards that underpin your company’s success. This
accomplishment builds on more than a decade of safety progress during which employees
have reduced the number and severity of accidents by more than two-thirds. It is a
tribute to their focus each day on making our workplace safer and their care for the cus-
tomers and
communities we serve.
A Strong Stand-Alone Position and Outlook
These and other accomplishments prepared the ground for an even brighter future. By a
considerable margin we have the strongest financial outlook in my 20-plus years as CEO
of your company: We anticipate operating earnings to be about one-third higher in 2007
than 2006, and in excess of ten percent higher still in 2008.
On a disappointing note, we were unable to complete the merger with Exelon due largely
to the demands of the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities. Those demands, had they
been accepted, would have produced a far inferior outlook for the combined company
than our stand-alone prospects. Exelon reached a similar conclusion and terminated
the merger agreement.
Throughout the merger process we kept a close eye on maintaining a strong go-it-alone
strategy in the event the merger did not succeed. As a result, we are a much stronger and
better positioned company than we were in December 2004 when the merger agree-
ment was signed.
Among the major reasons for this
•Our Hope Creek and Salem nuclear
stations have greatly improved performance, setting new plant records for electric
generation in 2005 and again in 2006; 
•We have continued to improve the balance sheet, strengthening our financial position;
•We further reduced international risk and exposure by selling a number of overseas
assets; and
•We are also benefiting from a period of higher energy prices. These developments
have not gone unnoticed by the financial community. Our stock price was
approximately
50 percent higher at year end 2006 than it was prior to the announcement of the
proposed merger in mid-December 2004.
Investors have continued to benefit as well from our emphasis on long-term shareholder
value: The value of your investment doubled during the past five years, assuming you held
shares throughout the period. Dividends are one of the key ways
we have traditionally rewarded shareholders.
In 2006, we paid dividends once again, extending PSEG’s record of paying annual
dividends to 100 consecutive years. We increased our dividend modestly in 2006
and again early in 2007, bringing our annual indicated dividend rate
to $2.34 per share. We expect to continue modest increases in the dividend as
our financial conditions allows. Energy prices in 2006 were again volatile,
but generally remained at significantly
higher levels than three years ago. Strong operations, a period of higher energy prices and an improving
picture for electric capacity markets are contributing to a very positive trend for your company.
In addition to being solidly positioned for growth in 2007 and 2008, we continue to benefit
from the stability provided by a strong, balanced mix of energy businesses. PSEG Power PSEG Power,
our large wholesale energy supply business, had an outstanding year in 2006. It continued to
strengthen its position as our main earnings driver. Power has a low-cost generation fleet
of nuclear and fossil units, and is reaping benefits from strong operations in a favorable
pricing environment. As Power’s older contracts for its output have rolled off, they have been
replaced by newer contracts at much higher prices, boosting profitability
Our Salem and Hope Creek nuclear generating facilities in southern New Jersey
continued their excellent operations in 2006. The plants have been producing more energy
than ever before; they have set new refueling duration records, including a world record
at one of the Salem units; and have made significant and measurable improvements in a broad
range of other key operational areas.
Importantly, this strong performance has been recognized by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission,
which oversees the industry, and INPO, the nuclear industry’s evaluation arm. Our fossil
units also significantly improved performance and
reliability in 2006, generating all-time highs for output.
In addition to responding well in the peak summer season, our fossil operations
focused on long-term maintenance to lay the foundation for continued strong
performance.
PSE&G
Our New Jersey energy delivery company,
PSE&G, has long been known for out-
standing safety and reliability. It further
improved operations to the point that
in 2005 and again in 2006 it was recog-
nized by PA Consulting, a well-known
benchmarking firm, as the nation’s most
reliable electric utility. PSE&G has received
similar recognition as the reliability leader
in the Mid-Atlantic region five years in
a row.
In 2006, PSE&G employees again rose to
the occasion in restoring customers safely
following six major storms and periods
of record heat that pushed electric demand
to an all-time peak. They performed
superbly on both the gas and electric sides
of the business.
Quality service has
long fostered
an environment in which PSE&G is fairly compen-
sated for our
large, necessary investments
in energy infrastructure. The electric and
gas rate relief approved by the New Jersey
Board of Public Utilities in November
2006 will help PSE&G’s long-term financial
picture — with a fair return for our
investors and resources to support our ability to provide safe, reliable service.
PSEG Energy Holdings, our business with
a mix of domestic and international energy
assets and investments, had its most profit-
able year ever in 2006. It enjoyed especially
robust earnings from its two 1,000-megawatt combined-cycle generating facilities
in Texas, due to a combination of strong
operations and record electric demand
there during an especially hot summer.
Holdings also made considerable progress
with its long-term plan to reduce interna-
tional exposure, pay down debt and deliver
returns to the parent company. In 2006
it divested a number of non-strategic international
assets, enabling it to retire debt
and return $520 million to the parent com-
pany. During the
past three years Holdings’
main subsidiaries — PSEG Resources and
PSEG Global — sold assets for approxi-
mately $1.5
billion, close to $200 million
over the
assets’ book value. PSEG Global’s
portfolio
has been effectively reshaped during this
period with a view to reducing risk
going forward. Fully one half of its earnings in 2006
came from U.S.-based
assets, with most of
the rest from electric
distribution
companies in Chile and Peru.
A Smooth Transition
In 2006, we also prepared the ground for
a smooth transition to new leadership at
your company. Ralph Izzo, who has served
superbly in many senior management
positions during the past 15 years, was
elected president and a director in October
2006. Ralph is well qualified to lead
your company upon my retirement at the
end of March 2007. In Ralph’s letter which follows my own, he has more to say about key business goals as well as his vision for the company
The 20-plus years in whichi I have been privileged to lead your company have
been productive and eventful. There have
been many changes during this time,
including a new, constructive opening to
market forces. PSEG not only participated
in the process that brought competition to
our industry, but in many ways has helped
lead it. For all the changes, I am also
struck by how remarkably steady our course
has been. We remain a company known
for keeping our commitments to customers,
employees, communities and, not least,
shareholders who invest their hard-earned
money with us.
In closing, I want to pay tribute to your
company’s dedicated workforce, past and
present. Our reputation as a reliable,
profitable, well-run company owes more to
our employees than I can possibly say
in this letter. They have met many chal-
lenges, adjusted to many changes and
contributed in innumerable ways to making
PSEG the great company it is. I am
confident that under Ralph Izzo’s leadership
they will write a new and even brighter
chapter in PSEG’s 100-year-plus history.
It has been my privilege to work with them
and I wish them every continued success.
Sincerely,
E. James Ferland
Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer
Public Service Enterprise Group
February 28, 2007
which follows my own, he has more to say
about key business goals as well as his
vision for your company.