2015 ANNUAL REPORT

1

Dear Fellow Shareholders,
There is an old adage that a pessimist complains about the winds, an optimist hopes they will improve, and a realist adjusts the sails.

Indra K. Nooyi PepsiCo Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Offi cer

1 Letter to Shareholders 10 Financial Highlights 11 PepsiCo Board of Directors 12 PepsiCo Leadership 13 PepsiCo Form 10-K 143 Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information 146 Forward-Looking Statements 147 Common Stock and Shareholder Information 148 Corporate Information

Over the past several decades, we have encountered many kinds of waters. But we have navigated them all by continually adjusting our sails. From transforming our portfolio to rewriting our operating model, we have sailed with, rather than against, winds of change. And those winds were fierce in 2015. Global economic growth, robust before the 2008 financial crisis, remained sluggish. Foreign currency pressures were severe and regulatory pressures intensified. Instability and violence shook every corner of the globe. And a variety of trends, some new and some longstanding -- from what people consume to how they pay for it -- continued to reshape our industry. Despite these challenges, we adjusted our sails and kept PepsiCo on course, meeting or exceeding all of our full-year financial targets and continuing our multiyear track record of success.1

· Organic revenue grew 5% in 2015, capping a three-year period of consistent mid-single-digit organic revenue growth -- in line with our long-term objectives. · Core gross margin improved by 140 basis points in 2015, while core operating margin improved by 30 basis points. Over the past three years, our core gross margin has increased by 285 basis points, with core operating margin up 100 basis points. · In 2015, core net return on invested capital (ROIC) improved by 210 basis points, to 19.6%. We have now maintained capital spending below 5% of sales since 2012 and our core net ROIC has dramatically improved by 430 basis points during that time. · Core constant currency earnings per share (EPS) grew 10% in 2015. We have now grown core constant currency earnings per share by at least 9% in each of the past three years.

1. Organic, core and constant currency results, as well as free cash flow excluding certain items, are non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to "Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information" beginning on page 143 of this Annual Report for more information about these results, including a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with GAAP.

2

PEPSICO

Performance with Purpose
Performance with Purpose is our vision to deliver top-tier financial performance over the long term by integrating sustainability into our business strategy, leaving a positive imprint on society and the environment.

pounds of packaging weight removed from our portfolio*

550M

improvement in energy efficiency*

16%

reduction in operational water use per unit of production*

23% 10

people provided access to safe water through partnerships (2008­2014)

6M 1B

consecutive years named one of World's Most Ethical Companies® by Ethisphere (2007­2016)

of our waste diverted from landfi ll

93%

liter reduction in absolute water use

score on the Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index for our LGBT efforts

100%

increase in sustainably farmed acreage through our Sustainable Farming  Initiative

25%

estimated cost savings achieved since 2010 through water, energy, packaging and waste-reduction initiatives

$375M

$850M
invested to support communities where we operate since 2006**

434,000
metric tons of added sugar removed from our beverages in the U.S. & Canada***

money spent with minority- and womenowned businesses

$1.4B

Except as otherwise noted, all data is as of December 2014 and from our 2014 Sustainability Report and Global Reporting Initiative Report, which are available at www.pepsico.com. *Measured against our global "legacy" operations as they existed in 2006, excluding major acquisitions and mergers while accounting for divestitures after 2006. **Includes PepsiCo Foundation grants. ***Compared to our 2006 baseline.

2015 ANNUAL REPORT

3

The grand opening of the first Quaker plant in China, marking the continued expansion of the brand in a key growth market.

A premium Quaker beverage launched in China that was named "Best Dairy Drink of 2015" at the World Beverage Innovation Awards.

· Free cash flow excluding certain items was strong in 2015 at $8.1 billion, bringing us to a total of more than $24 billion over the past three years. · PepsiCo increased its annualized dividend for the 43rd consecutive year in 2015 and returned $9 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Since 2012, we have returned more than $24 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. · Our spending on advertising and marketing as a percentage of sales increased by 40 basis points in 2015, while our research and development (R&D) spending was 40% higher than it was in 2011. Our continued investment in these two critical areas illustrates our ability to manage costs and margins in the shortrun while reinvesting in our business to drive growth over the long term. Importantly, these investments are fueling organic revenue growth. 2015 marked the third consecutive year innovation accounted for at least 8% of our net revenue. Such a strong performance reflects our commitment to advancing the interests of our shareholders. And even as we have been fulfilling that commitment, we have also been pursuing another aspiration: building the model of a 21st-century 21st Century corporation by embracing the idea that delivering strong performance and acting with a sense of purpose can go hand in hand. That idea is a part of what drives us every day. And we have embedded this approach -- Performance with Purpose -- into every aspect of our business, from the products our consumers enjoy one billion times each day, to the impact we are having in more than 200 countries and territories around the world, to how we engage with the hundreds of thousands of men and women who constitute the PepsiCo Society. It is an approach with three priorities:

Comparison of Cumulative Total Shareholder Return
Return on PepsiCo stock investment (including dividends) and the S&P 500
PepsiCo, Inc. S&P 500

$250 $200 $150 $100 $50 $0 2012 2013 2014 2015

doing it in a way that not only meets the strict guidelines set by the world's most respected public health organizations, but also reflects the evolving ways consumers themselves define nutrition. And we continue to invest in industry-leading quality control and food safety programs to help ensure every product we sell meets the high standards consumers rightfully set for our brands.

Environmental Sustainability
In a year year that thatsaw sawthe thelandmark landmark Paris Paris climate climate change agreement, our sense of responsibility for our planet was front and center. We We consider consider ourselves ourselves members members of every of every commucommunity nity where our where products our products are made, are marketed, made, marketed, distributed distributed or sold, and orwe sold, want andto we be want good to be good neighbors. neighbors. From conserving From conserving water to cutting water to cutting waste, we are waste, finding we are new finding ways to new shrink ways our to shrink our environmental environmental impact. At the impact. same time, At the we same are delivering time, wecost are savings, delivering proving cost savings, that enviproving that ronmental sustainability environmental andsustainability economic success and economic can form asuccess virtuous can circle. form a virtuous circle.

Talent Sustainability
PepsiCo has long been viewed as an "academy company" that grooms future corporate leaders, and the results our people delivered in the face of last year's stiff headwinds serve as a powerful reminder that our company remains home to the best and brightest in the industry. Competition for top talent is intensifying, and in 2015, we continued to invest in building a diverse and

Human Sustainability
More and more families are eating healthier, and we want to be their choice for everyday nutrition. That is why we are focused on dialing down the sodium, added sugar and saturated fat -- and dialing up the nutrition -- in many of our products. We are focused on

4

PEPSICO

engaging culture inside PepsiCo designed to propel our company forward. These priorities have served us well in recent years, and we have set new standards for how responsible, high-performing companies must operate. But we should not expect the waters we are entering to be any calmer than the waters we have already crossed. In fact, there are signs the winds may pick up. In virtually every sector, the pace of change is accelerating, creating new opportunities, new challenges and new uncertainties. To cite one example, recent research suggests that the average lifespan of a company listed on the S&P 500 Index has decreased by more than 50 years in the last century, down from 67 years in the 1920s to just 15 years today. In such an economy, we will need to become more nimble and more adept -- and we will need to redouble our commitment to Performance with Purpose. This means building on our progress to date to achieve even greater results in the years ahead, focused on further transforming our products, protecting the planet and enriching the lives of people around the world. These priorities are more important now than ever, and this year we will be sharing an ambitious sustainability agenda for the coming decade. As we continue on this journey, we will also need to become comfortable continuously reevaluating and reimagining every aspect of our business -- "living in beta," as some call it -- pushing ourselves to out-innovate our competitors today so we can out-perform them tomorrow. We will need to embrace a new kind of agility, moving swiftly without creating instability in our business. And we will need to empower everyone to meet his and her own individual responsibilities while also embracing a collective responsibility for the success or failure of our company as a whole. This sort of dexterity is what will separate the winners from the losers in this economy, and I am confident PepsiCo will be a winner. Helping to guide our company and our long-term planning is an outstanding Board of Directors with the breadth of experiences and perspectives needed to address present and future business needs. Our board

members are clear-eyed, outspoken and committed, always challenging us to set our sights high while understanding that it is a mistake to make short-term moves for the sake of short-term gains without advancing our long-term interests. And I could not ask for a more capable or dedicated senior management team. Our six sector leaders have nearly 140 years of combined PepsiCo experience across multiple categories, markets and functions. We have also brought in leaders from other fields and industries to help us think in new ways about our business. From establishing a global design group to doubling down on R&D, we have never been afraid to do what is necessary to keep PepsiCo on the right course. This spirit is what enables us to consistently grow our business and meet the needs of our customers. And during the course of 2015, we received numerous customer awards, including: Innovation Supplier of the Year from 7-Eleven, Vendor of the Year from Dollar General, the Think Customer Award from CVS, Supplier of the Year from Target, and Food & Beverage Supplier of the Year from Walmart. In the months and years to come, we will need to embrace this same spirit, never losing sight of the fundamentals that have always made us strong, while making those changes that will help secure our future. Specifically, our long-term planning is focused on five priorities -- what we call "the 5 C's" -- that leverage our global scale: Upgrading our commercial agenda, building new capabilities, elevating our focus on costs and fostering a culture of collaboration, while making sure we are exercising discipline when it comes to capital returns.

contributor to retail sales growth in the U.S. in 2015, generating more growth than the next 15 largest F&B manufacturers combined. 2

#1

PepsiCo and the NBA formed a landmark food and beverage marketing partnership. The company now sponsors the four major professional sports leagues in North America.

Upgrading our commercial agenda
In 2015, we delivered another year of strong organic revenue growth. PepsiCo was once again the single largest contributor to U.S. retail sales growth among all food and beverage (F&B) manufacturers. We generated $1.6 billion of U.S. retail sales growth in all measured channels -- more than the next 15 largest F&B manufacturers combined. Our U.S. beverage business had a particularly

2. Based in part on data reported by Information Resources, Inc. through its Syndicated Advantage Service for the Total U.S. Multi- Outlet Plus Convenience for the 52-week period ending December 27, 2015, using PepsiCo's custom research definitions.

2015 ANNUAL REPORT

5

Innovation Driving Growth
Our investments in brand building and innovation continue to help drive organic top line growth. Successful new products in 2015 spanned all geographies and categories.

A new product based on one of our successful foodservice offerings, Doritos Loaded marked PepsiCo's first entry into the frozen food aisle.

Launched in Mexico and expanded to other Latin American markets, 7UP Limonada combines the flavor of lemonade with the freshness of 7UP. A delicious line of gourmet popcorn, Pop Works & Company is sold exclusively online.

Available in the U.S., Canada, UK, India and Japan, Tropicana Essentials provides added functionality and nutritional benefits.

PepsiCo continued to grow its ready-to-drink tea portfolio in 2015 driven by new innovations across markets, including the launch of Fruit Tea in China.

PepsiCo is now the category leader in steel cut oatmeal in the U.S. with Quaker Steel Cut. 2

Sweetened with organic cane sugar and containing 10 calories per serving, Izze Organic Sparkling Water meets growing consumer demand for reduced-sugar sparkling beverages.

A breakthrough new product, Mtn Dew Kickstart now includes 10 flavors and generates more than $300 million in estimated annual retail sales.

Tapping into the trend toward green juices, Tropicana Farmstand is already one of the line's top sellers.

Sunbites, a whole grain snack that has expanded to 8 markets, generated $400 million in estimated annual retail sales.*

The category leader in premium juice and smoothies, Naked continues to experience strong growth driven by popular new products and flavors such as Naked Bright Beets. 2

A nutritious snack bar sold in Mexico, Quaker Natural Balance is made with peanuts, almonds and oats.

*Includes SunChips.

6

PEPSICO

Lay's collaborated with renowned artist Malika Favre to develop iconic illustrations for special edition packaging, promotions and activations as part of the brand's global summer campaign.

Doritos launched the 10th and final year of the brand's "Crash the Super Bowl" program, which generated nearly 4,500 submissions from 28 countries. A Quaker YouTube video in Canada went viral, drawing nearly 13 million views online and reminding everyone of the special place this iconic brand has in the hearts of our consumers.

Gatorade marked its 50th anniversary, which we celebrated throughout the year by looking back at the brand's rich history and ahead to exciting innovations that will revolutionize the way athletes fuel.

Six billion emojis are sent daily, a global trend Pepsi tapped into in a big way. We are expanding the PepsiMoji program to 100+ markets.

Building Powerful Brands
Stepped up investments in advertising and marketing continue to strengthen PepsiCo's portfolio of powerful food and beverage brands that are beloved by consumers around the world.

Building on our strong global association with the sport of soccer, Lay's, Gatorade, Pepsi MAX, Doritos, Lipton and 7UP joined together in a new partnership with the prestigious UEFA Champions League.

2015 ANNUAL REPORT

7

We continued to capitalize on the emergence of the craft soda space with the launch of Stubborn Soda and our latest fountain innovation.

Pepsi MAX introduced its first global campaign -- Genius -- with the launch of "Drone Football," garnering more than 40 million views across all platforms.

strong year, accounting for $1 billion of this growth. In fact, our beverage business drove more growth than any other large F&B manufacturer in the U.S. in 2015.2 A commitment to brand building and innovation drove this strong 2015 performance -- and that commitment will underpin our commercial agenda in the years to come. Around the world, we launched terrific new products and powerful new campaigns. Leveraging Mtn Dew Kickstart's rapid success in the U.S., where it has quickly surpassed $300 million in 2015 estimated annual retail sales, we have expanded the lineup to include six new flavors and are rolling it out internationally in countries such as Canada and Saudi Arabia. We also strengthened our delicious lineup of Sunbites snacks and continued to scale the brand in the Middle East and AsiaPacific, meeting the needs of consumers who are looking for more nutritious choices. In China, we capitalized on our strengths across categories to create a breakthrough new product -- Quaker High Fiber Oats Dairy Drink -- that combines oats and dairy into a great-tasting, nutritious beverage that is sold to consumers online. Across Europe, we formed a food and beverage partnership with the UEFA Champions League, one of the world's most prestigious soccer properties, which unlocked powerful new platforms for consumer engagement and in-store activation. And in Latin America, we signed a distribution agreement with Starbucks for ready-to-drink coffee beverages, building on our highly successful partnership in the U.S.

At the same time, we continued to pioneer new forms of consumer engagement, whether it was Gatorade and Mountain Dew leveraging virtual reality technology to put fans in the shoes of their favorite athletes, or our PepsiMoji campaign that engaged millennials in Canada, Russia and Thailand. We also received widespread recognition for innovative content creation that puts our brands at the center of popular culture, from our breakthrough partnership with Fox's hit television show "Empire" in the U.S., where we collaborated on a threeepisode storyline in which one of the show's stars records a song for a Pepsi ad, to Pepsi MAX giving us all a glimpse of the future by featuring a soccer match played with help from a drone flying overhead.

Building new capabilities
To advance our commercial agenda, we are building new capabilities that are translating into concrete results. We more than doubled our e-commerce business in China last year, and we have launched a global e-commerce team to help ensure we win the future online. Our R&D and design teams are creating the future of on-demand nutrition with our Hello Goodness vending machines, which provide a wide range of good- and better-for-you choices for consumers on the go. We are unleashing culinary innovation far and wide with our PepsiCo NSPIRE mobile kitchen. And we are reimagining fountain equipment with Stubborn Soda, pouring craft beverages while expanding our foodservice footprint. All of these steps, combined with our advantaged brand portfolio, helped drive continued foodservice momentum in 2015. We added more than 5,000 Subway locations to our customer portfolio across Canada, the UK, the Netherlands and India; won several new customers in the emerging fast-casual channel, including Pollo Campero, Wing Zone and Rise Pies; and geared up for the upcoming grand opening of Shanghai Disney Resort, where PepsiCo will have exciting brand integrations and beverage innovations to enhance the guest experience.

8

PEPSICO

Elevating our focus on costs
In 2014, we announced plans to deliver $5 billion in savings over five years (2015­2019), and we are on track to do so. We have doubled annualized productivity savings compared with 2011, delivering approximately $3 billion in savings from 2013­2015, and more than $1 billion in savings in 2015 alone. To build on that progress, we are doing more with less across PepsiCo, innovating our way to a more productive future. We are automating our processes for packaging and warehousing. We are making products for one market on production lines in another, lifting utilization rates and better integrating our global supply chain. And we are enabling engineers to monitor our production systems remotely, resulting in better, faster solutions at a lower cost. We are also instituting Smart Spending policies to rein in expenses, as well as expanding Lean Six Sigma training to cut waste and boost efficiency. In fact, we trained five times as many employees in 2015 as we did in 2010 while growing our global footprint of Lean Six Sigma training from 3 to 50 countries.

Exercising discipline on capital returns
We believe that disciplined, balanced capital allocation is one of the hallmarks of a well-run business, and we are holding ourselves to that standard. That means reinvesting in our business, paying dividends to shareholders, strengthening our market positions through acquisitions and returning residual cash to shareholders through share repurchases. In fact, over the past 10 years, we have returned more than $35 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases -- and more than $65 billion including dividends.

Successful joint ventures with Starbucks and Unilever give PepsiCo the leading value share of the U.S. ready-todrink coffee and tea categories, respectively. 2 We continued to expand these offerings internationally in 2015.

Looking ahead
These priorities priorities-- --the the5 C's 5 C's -- -- are are the the foundafoundation tion of PepsiCo's of PepsiCo's success success and will and help will guide help guide us in the us months in the months and years andto years come. to But come. it But is important it is important for us for to remember us to remember that we that are we are continuing continuing to face to face some some of the of the roughest roughest waters in a long long time. time.A Asurplus surplusof ofinformation, information, much of it incomplete or or inaccurate, inaccurate,is ismaking making it harder rather than easier for consumers to get the facts they need. There is a lack of clarity about the best ways for regulators and corporations to collaborate and advance a shared agenda. Market forces too often prioritize quarterly returns over enduring results. And yet, our 2015 results demonstrate our ability to deliver strong performance in this environment,which environment, whichwill willremain remain our our focus focus going going forward. forward. Our shareholders Our shareholders shouldshould take comfort take comfort in that fact. in that They fact. should They also should take also comfort takein comfort in something something else: our aspiration else: our is aspiration greater than is greater simply riding than out simply the rough ridingwaters out the around rough us. waters It is steering around our us. vessel It is steering safely to our new vessel and distant safely to shores. Thank new and you distant for being shores. part of Thank this voyage you for being and for the part confidence of this voyage you have and placed for the in confidence PepsiCo with you your have investment. placed in PepsiCo with your investment.

Fostering a culture of collaboration
Our newest food and beverage vending initiative that meets increased consumer desire for good- and better-for-you choices on the go.

There is a saying that culture eats strategy, and I agree. It is critically important that we engage all of our employees' heads as well as their hearts, not only building a culture where excellence is rewarded, accountability is enforced and collaboration is expected, but also building a culture that is welcoming and supportive for all of the men and women who work here.

Indra K. Nooyi PepsiCo Chairman of the Board of Directors Indra K. Nooyi and Chief Executive Offi cer PepsiCo Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Offi cer

