Dear Fellow Shareholders,
 Pictured: Indra K. Nooyi, PepsiCo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Running a company for the long term is like driving a car in a race that has no end. To win a long race, you must take a pit stop every now and then to refresh and refuel your car, tune your engine and take other actions that will make you even faster, stronger and more competi- tive over the long term. That’s what we did in 2012—we refreshed and refueled our growth engine to help drive superior financial returns in the years ahead.
We invested significantly behind our brands. We changed the operating model of our company from a loose federation of countries and regions to a more globally integrated one to enable us to build our brands glob- ally, deliver breakthrough innovation to consumers and unleash significant productivity. Simply put, we took actions that we believe set ourselves up for long-term sustainable growth and superior performance.
I am delighted to report that our performance in 2012 reflected our operational excellence and was in line with our expectations and guid- ance on every key metric:
• Our organic revenue was up 5 percent;1
• Core earnings per share (eps) were $4.10;2
• We delivered +$1 billion savings in the first year of our productiv- ity program and remain on track to deliver $3 billion by 2015;
• We achieved a core net return on invested capital3 (roic) of 15 percent and core return on equity3 (roe) of 28 percent;
• Management operating cash flow,4 excluding certain items, reached $7.4 billion; and
• $6.5 billion was returned to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
The actions we took in 2012 were all designed to take us one step further on the transformation journey of our company, which
we started in 2007. Back then, we recognized that the market environ- ment was rapidly shifting around us. We realized that in order to stay in front, we would need to make significant changes. We set our- selves a dual challenge—to renew our highly successful company to position it for long-term advantage and growth while continuing to de- liver strong and consistent financial results during the transformation.
We have eagerly embraced this challenge and made the required investments. Our journey to date has shown significant results. We have reinforced our existing
2 2012 PEPSICO ANNUAL REPORT

business while also shifting our portfolio to attractive growth spaces. We have built out the key capabilities we need to compete in the future. We have raised our capacity to drive continuous productivity. We have strengthened our talent pool across the organiza- tion, and, by no means least, we have embedded our vision of Performance with Purpose into all of our actions and practices.
That is what we have achieved so far, and it is considerable. We are an exciting company with a strong foundation and track record. But as I look forward into 2013 and beyond, it is clear that we still have further to go on our journey. Our transformation must continue.
The Environment in Which We Operate
Over the past several years, a number of forces have combined
to radically reshape the external environment in which the food and beverage industry operates. These changes have had a major impact
on where and how companies must compete to survive and thrive. Global macroeconomic growth has slowed significantly, and the outlook remains mixed, particularly in developed markets. Global economic power
is becoming more distributed, with the East becoming a larger player in the world. The demographic equa- tion in the West is shifting, with an increasing share of consumption in the hands of boomers, women and smaller households, and rapid growth
of diverse ethnic and immigrant com- munities across countries.
Intensifying consumer and govern- ment focus on health and wellness is changing the relative growth trajectory of our categories and products. Consumers are clearly changing their habits, preferences and consumption patterns. Food safety and security are now front and center in the minds of govern- ments and consumers, increasing the need for robust systems within companies to ensure ingredient
and product traceability. Sustained commodity price increases and volatility have challenged company cost structures. Meanwhile, there is a strong and growing environmental consciousness emerging in societies around the world as the focus on water use, waste disposal (espe- cially of plastic) and energy use by industry receives additional scrutiny.
Lastly, the global retail environ- ment is transforming. In emerg-
ing and developing markets, the growth of organized modern trade is beginning to slowly replace tradi- tional mom and pop stores, and in developed markets, new discount channels like hard discounters and dollar stores are rapidly growing. Additionally, online retailing is beginning to make inroads into
our categories while social media amplifies positive messages and rumors in the blink of an eye.
The combination of these shifts has put considerable pressure on the
5%
$4.10
28%
$7.4B
$6.5B
$6.5 billion was returned to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
 1 Organic results are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items. See page 60 for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure in accordance with GAAP.
2 Core results are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items. See page 58 for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure in accordance with GAAP.
3 Core results are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items. See pages 106-107 for reconciliations to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with GAAP.
4 Represents a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes certain items. See page 67 for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure in accordance with GAAP.
Organic revenue was up 5 percent1 in 2012.
 Core earnings per share (eps) were $4.102 in 2012.
 $1B
 +$1 billion in savings delivered in the first year of our productivity program and remain on track to deliver $3 billion by 2015.
 Achieved a core net return on invested capital3 (roic) of 15 percent and core return on equity3 (roe) of 28 percent.
 Management operating cash flow4, excluding certain items, reached $7.4 billion.
 2012 PEPSICO ANNUAL REPORT 3

food and beverage industry. The growth outlook in some developed markets and categories has slowed significantly, while emerging and developing markets require new skills for success. Traditional ap- proaches and legacy capabilities are no longer sufficient to compete in these spaces.
But these changes also have given rise to unparalleled opportunities for PepsiCo. For one, the convenience trend is accelerating around the world, driving the growth of our catego- ries. The strong outlook in emerging and developing markets for all our products and the demand for Good- for-You products and categories in key markets also present major growth opportunities. Other potential new areas of expansion for us are premium-priced products, products for aging populations and value offer- ings for those with lower incomes.
As a global company with positions in every key market in the world, PepsiCo’s sheer scale as well as product and geographic diversity give us the ability to power through country-specific trends and still deliver superior returns. Our iconic brands are trusted in every country to deliver a quality product that meets the highest global safety standards. Our track record of ethi- cal performance and quality prod- ucts provides comfort to consumers and governments the world over.
Our Transformation
Back in 2007, we recognized the rapidly changing environment and realized we needed new capabilities to compete. We made the required investments to preemptively transform ourselves to capitalize on these opportunities and position the
company for long-term growth and profitability in this volatile and chal- lenging environment.
1. We Reinforced Our Existing Value Drivers
We refocused our efforts on our key global brands and categories in our most important developed markets to drive profitable growth.
We are the #1 macrosnack player
in many developed markets in the world. Our highly profitable snacks business has a strong stable of much-loved megabrands—Lay’s, Doritos, Cheetos and SunChips—and a structurally advantaged go-to-mar- ket system in many major markets such as the U.S., Canada, the U.K. and Australia, among others. We have been concentrating our insights, marketing and innovation resources behind our powerhouse brands and key markets to successfully grow demand and our share.
As a result of our consistent invest- ments over the years, Lay’s is the #1 snack food brand in the world; Lay’s, Doritos and Cheetos are lovemarks in many countries in which they op- erate, and a brand such as Tostitos in the U.S. makes party time come alive. We also have taken crowd- sourcing of ideas to a new and exciting place: Our Lay’s “Do Us A Flavor” campaign engages consum- ers directly through social media
to co-create new exciting flavors. Launched in the U.K., this campaign has been extended to 17 markets, including the U.S. in 2012. To date, we have received 19 million flavor ideas from around the world!
We also have leveraged social me- dia in our consistently strong Dori- tos “Crash the Super Bowl” cam-
paign, which puts fan-developed ads on air during the big game.
In 2012, Doritos fan-created ads placed first on the traditional and online Ad Meter ranking. In 2013,
a “Crash the Super Bowl” Doritos fan-created ad ranked #1 as “most liked” and “most memorable” in the Nielsen ratings.
Most importantly, our goal is to make the best savory snacks in
the market. We eliminated the use of partially hydrogenated cooking oils used to make savory snacks in North America, dramatically reduc- ing trans fats. Additionally, we have reduced saturated fat levels and are reducing the sodium content of our savory snacks, and we are dial- ing up baked offerings.
Our developed market beverage business remains large and profit- able. Across our major beverage markets, we revamped our invest- ment to strengthen our key global beverage brands, which include Pepsi, Mountain Dew, Sierra Mist, 7UP (outside the U.S.), Starbucks and Lipton. We bought back bottlers in North America and Europe to unlock large, underex- ploited system synergies in these mature carbonated soft drink (CSD) markets. We also have taken the right measures to step up the performance of our North America beverage business, where we are the #1 liquid refreshment beverage (LRB) player in measured chan- nels. We have made major changes to our team, operating model
and marketing approach to bet-
ter adapt to a new consumer and competitive environment. We are dialing up our support on zero-calo- rie products and offering reduced- calorie CSDs, like Pepsi NEXT,
4 2012 PEPSICO ANNUAL REPORT

which became a $100 million brand at retail in less than 12 months. In 2012, we continued this transfor- mation by simplifying the business and reinvesting heavily behind our key brands while unlocking new sources of productivity.
2. We Migrated Our
Portfolio Towards Attractive, High-Growth Spaces
Very early, we recognized the growth prospects in the Good- for-You space. We invested to expand it across multiple markets globally, increasing our presence
in the growing tasty nutrition space. We are building from our positions of strength with four of the most important platforms and globally admired and loved brands in nutri- tion—Quaker (grains), Tropicana (fruits and vegetables), Gatorade (sports nutrition for athletes) and Naked Juice (super-premium juices and protein smoothies). We also are working to unlock growth oppor- tunities in new product categories, such as dairy with our business in Russia, our joint venture with Alma- rai in parts of the Middle East and our Müller Quaker Dairy joint ven- ture in the U.S.; hummus and other fresh dips with Sabra and Obela; and baked grains with Stacy’s.
We established a Global Nutrition Group to drive innovation and brand development, and are concentrating our investments in high-potential return markets and categories. We had great success in 2012, with more to come. We launched Quaker Real Medleys in the U.S., pairing oatmeal with other whole grains, fruits and nuts in a portable cup and portion-controlled serving, which drove our growth in hot cereal retail sales. Quaker Real Medleys recently
won breakfast Product of the Year, the largest consumer-voted award recognizing outstanding innovation. Trop 50 reduced-calorie orange juice continues its terrific retail growth momentum in measured channels. We also introduced Tropi- cana Farmstand, enabling U.S. con- sumers to get a serving of both fruit and vegetables in an eight-ounce glass. And Gatorade delivered inno- vation, with Gatorade Prime Energy Chews fueling athletic performance as well as Gatorade retail sales.
Importantly, our efforts to capitalize on the growing consumer demand for convenient nutrition are global. The growth of our Quaker busi- ness is a case in point: Last year,
we increased Quaker retail sales in the U.K. with the success of Oats
so Simple, grew Quaker volume in China and India with breakfast foods customized for local tastes, and leveraged Quaker’s expertise in Rus- sia by launching oats under our local Chudo brand.
From 2002 to 2012, our nutrition business revenue has grown sub- stantially and in 2012 represented 20 percent of our company.
Emerging and developing markets
represent another very attractive high-growth opportunity for PepsiCo. Economic growth is
lifting consumers’ income levels and driving urban lifestyles. More women are entering the workforce. This, in turn, is increasing the demand for convenient foods
and beverages, providing tailwinds to our categories. Over the past six years, we have invested aggres- sively to bolster our presence in these markets. Our investments included:
Important acquisitions, such as Lebedyansky and the Wimm-Bill- Dann juice and dairy business in Russia, Mabel cookies and Lucky snacks in Brazil, and Dilexis cookies in Argentina, to name a few.
Strategic partnerships to improve scale and performance, such as Tingyi in China, which makes us part of the leading beverage system in the largest growth market; the con- solidation of our bottling system in Mexico under a new joint venture to increase our scale and step up our capabilities; the strategic partner- ship for dairy and juice with Almarai, Saudi Arabia’s largest food producer; and the fortified water joint venture with Tata in India to serve the value consumer.
Organic investments to sustain and improve share, through stepped-up marketplace spend-
ing on media, racks, or routes in countries such as Mexico, Brazil, Russia and China. In addition, we established the Global Value Innova- tion Center in India to significantly reduce the cost of our marketplace equipment (e.g., coolers and foun- tain dispensers) to enable us to in- crease our investments in emerging markets in an affordable way. The early results are very promising.
Our targeted investments have helped us build advantaged positions in these markets: We are the #1 food and beverage business in Russia, #1 in India and #1 in the Middle East, plus #2 in Mexico and in the top 5
in Brazil, Turkey and many smaller emerging markets, such as Vietnam, the Philippines and Thailand.
Looking back to 2006, emerging and developing markets accounted
2012 PEPSICO ANNUAL REPORT 5

for 24 percent of our net revenue; in 2012, they represented 35 percent of our net revenue. And over the long term, we are look- ing to grow our business in these markets at high single digits to low double digits.
3. We Accelerated the Benefits of One PepsiCo
PepsiCo’s strength lies in the fact that our portfolio is diverse, but related. The convenient snack and beverage businesses have high levels of coincidence of purchase and consumption and very high velocities at the shelf. We believe this portfolio complementarity pro- vides a natural hedge, allowing us to manage through individual category issues and still deliver good returns. Our portfolio provides us three ad- ditional major benefits.
First, cost leverage: We are an important customer to key vendors in the food and beverage space.
We have preferred partner status with many of them, which allows us to strategically make use of each other’s supply chains and develop- ment efforts to meaningfully reduce our input costs while accessing their best talent and advanced thinking.
Additionally, inside PepsiCo, across businesses, we share infrastructure including corporate functions, mas- ter data and back office processing, further lowering our costs.
Second, capability sharing: Over the past few years, we have harmo- nized many of our processes, mak- ing it easier to move talent across the company—both businesses and geographies. We are able to attract world-class talent and give them
a truly diverse, but related set of
experiences, allowing us to build a world-class workforce.
We “lift and shift” best practices across the value chain. For exam- ple, the expertise we have devel- oped in increasing yields while conserving water helps us get more crop per drop in our agricul- tural operations throughout the world, be it potatoes or corn for our snacks, or fruits and vegetables for our juice business.
Because of the high coincidence
of consumption of our products, we have developed a common con- sumer demand framework under- pinned by a global database, giving us proprietary insights into food and beverage occasions. This guides our innovation actions at the global and local level.
Third, commercial benefits: As
the second-largest food and bever- age business in the world and the largest in the U.S., we are traffic generators and therefore viewed as a critical growth driver by retail- ers. Just in the U.S., we have nine of the top 40 trademarks at retail, more than any other food and bev- erage company.
Retailers benefit from our in-store promotions that leverage power- ful properties such as the National Football League, Major League Baseball and the National Hockey League in the U.S.; talented soc- cer players like Lionel Messi, who appeared in both Pepsi and Lay’s commercial activities globally; as well as through mini-films like the “Bring Happiness Home” Chinese New Year production that brought together Lay’s, Tropicana and Pepsi to deliver an emotional public ser-
vice message to Chinese consum- ers—Go home to your families for Chinese New Year. This film gar- nered more than 700 million views in China alone.
All these activities increased co- incidence of purchases between beverages and snacks and our healthy breakfast bundles, and in 2012, made us the second-largest growth contributor in all measured U.S. retail channels combined.
Foodservice customers are also beginning to benefit from the power of PepsiCo’s portfolio: Taco Bell in the U.S. is a case in point. For more than 45 years, we have been their beverage partner of choice. Mountain Dew “Baja Blast,” a flavor developed exclusively for Taco Bell, has been a best-selling traffic driver in its system since launch. In 2012, building on this beverage relation- ship, we partnered with Taco Bell to introduce Doritos Locos Tacos,
a taco with a shell made from real Nacho Cheese Doritos that has be- come the restaurant’s biggest suc- cess in its 50-year history. In nine months alone, Taco Bell sold more than 325 million Doritos Locos Tacos—one of the most successful new products in the foodservice industry in 2012. In 2013, we expect to continue building on this suc- cess, with the launch of Cool Ranch Doritos Locos Tacos. More impor- tantly, we are innovating now on the beverage front with the launch of Mountain Dew “Baja Blast Freeze.” The pairing of the Doritos and Mountain Dew brands is a natural:
In the U.S. convenience channel, Doritos is the number one salty snack, while Mountain Dew is the number one single-serve carbon- ated soft drink.
6 2012 PEPSICO ANNUAL REPORT

An example of a market where we truly leverage the cost, capability and commercial benefits from our broad portfolio is Russia. Our business is operated as an integrated whole, with shared offices, infrastructure, talent, supply chain and go-to-mar- ket systems. We are an extremely efficient and effective leader in the food and beverage business in that country—lowering our costs signifi- cantly and expanding the reach of our products several fold.
We believe our whole is worth more than the sum of our parts. It is our Power of One.
4. We Are Aggressively Building New Capabilities
PepsiCo has historically been man- aged as a loose federation of coun- tries and regions. This organizational structure fostered an entrepreneur- ial culture in the company, not nec- essarily a culture of global efficiency. Starting in 2010 and accelerating
in 2012, we began to modify our global operating model, balancing independence and scale, to become a globally networked company. Our in-country and regional teams are empowered to serve their markets, but through global groups and func- tions, we are harmonizing our efforts across the world around brand build- ing, innovation and the management of our supply chain.
Our new model already has begun to yield results. Our global cat- egory groups are guiding regions to rationalize their brand portfolios and focus the bulk of our spending behind 12 global brands. We are continuing to increase the caliber of our global marketing talent and implementing global campaigns for our iconic global brands, beginning
with “Live for Now,” the first-ever global positioning campaign for brand Pepsi. In 2012, “Live for Now” engaged millions of consum- ers through music, sports, social media and other consumer touch points. In December, we announced a unique creative collaboration with 17-time Grammy Award win- ning singer Beyoncé to work with us on creating content to engage Pepsi consumers around the
world. Our brand equity scores are steadily improving, and we are just getting started.
Our innovation efforts also have im- proved substantially. Back in 2007, we invested to rebuild our R&D ca- pability in the company. We brought in outstanding talent and created new long-term research capabilities. We increased our investment be- hind natural sweeteners, disruptive processes, packaging and nutrition platforms. We are also teaching
our people how to leverage R&D in intelligent ways to create platforms for growth rather than just one-off line extensions.
We also have taken other major actions to drive innovation. In 2012, for the first time in PepsiCo, we created a design capability in the company. Our goal is to use design in the early stages of innovation ef- forts to create memorable products and experiences for our consumers. We also have put in place a com- mon stage-gate process to facilitate data-driven decision making. We created the capability to lift and shift ideas across the various countries within PepsiCo. Examples include the launch of Lay’s “Do Us A Flavor Campaign” in the U.S. after its suc- cess in Europe, Asia, South America and Africa; our continued expansion
in the cookie and biscuits category in Brazil, Argentina, the Middle East and the Philippines, building on the strengths of our Gamesa-Quaker business in Mexico; and the success of Quaker Yogurt Bars in the U.S. after their development in Canada.
Thanks to all these initiatives, at the end of 2012, innovation from prod- ucts launched in the past three years accounted for approximately eight percent of our net revenue.
Going forward, we intend to con- tinue to leverage R&D to help us develop more breakthrough innova- tion that delivers true incremental growth and is sustainable. To draw from creative expertise in every corner of the world, in 2012 we opened new R&D centers in Shang- hai, China; Hamburg, Germany; and Monterrey, Mexico.
Our global supply chain group has been working on best practice trans- fer across our enterprise, bringing in breakthrough thinking from external sources to lower our costs and cre- ate more capacity and flexibility in our supply chain. We are rigorously analyzing, auditing and benchmarking the performance of our facilities and using what we learn to strengthen our manufacturing, distribution and go-to-market capabilities around the globe. Our environmental sustain- ability agenda, which includes water, energy and packaging reductions, has helped us decrease our costs while conserving natural resources.
All of these actions, plus scores of others, have enabled us to double our historic productivity run rate starting in 2012, leading to a $3 bil- lion cost take-out over three years. We have reduced our cash conver-
2012 PEPSICO ANNUAL REPORT 7

sion cycle by nine days in 2012 and also found ways to reduce our net capital spending from 5.5 percent of net revenue in 2010 to 4 percent of net revenue in 2012, which is consistent with our long-term capi- tal spending target of less than or equal to 5 percent of net revenue.
Going forward, we are well on our way to harmonizing our global pro- cesses, master data and IT systems to increase visibility across the company, ensure compliance with all our initiatives, easily measure our progress and speed up decision making. We intend to be one of the most efficient food and beverage companies in the world.
5. We Are Building a Second-to- None Team and Culture
In recent years, with our transfor- mation actions, we truly have asked a lot of all our associates. It is their passion, resilience and talent that have made our progress possible. To nurture and grow our associates, enabling them to lead PepsiCo into the future, we have implemented award-winning talent and leader- ship development initiatives. We also have been recruiting executives from outside our industry to infuse fresh thinking and bring new capa- bilities to our team. I’m especially proud of the work we have done
as a company to build a strong team of current and future female leaders. As we continue to focus on developing world-class talent and teams, PepsiCo was recognized in 2012 by the Great Place to Work Institute, which ranked us as one
of the “World’s Best Multinational Workplaces.” In addition, Chief Executive magazine ranked PepsiCo as one of the “Best Companies for Leaders” in 2012.
One area that deserves mention
is the great courage and humanity demonstrated by our associates.
In 2012, whether it was in response to Hurricane Sandy in the U.S., the flooding in the Philippines, political unrest and transition in Egypt or other country-specific events, our teams have demonstrated an unwavering commitment to our consumers, customers and com- munities while delivering our performance goals. There are countless stories, and I wish I could tell them all in tribute, because I am truly proud of our associates and humbled to be their leader.
6. We Are Delivering on the Promise of Performance with Purpose
There is a great deal of activity
in PepsiCo today, all focused on delivering sustained value. We have seen what happens when corporate executives chase short- term rewards to the exclusion of the long term. No company can see itself as simply an engine for short-term growth and nothing more. A company operates under a license from society. Its products are regulated by public authorities. The work of modern business encompasses partnerships with the public and non-profit sectors.
We were one of the first contempo- rary companies to recognize the im- portant interdependence between corporations and society when we articulated our Performance with Purpose direction back in 2007. Performance with Purpose is our goal to deliver sustained financial performance by providing a wide range of foods and beverages from treats to healthy eats; finding inno- vative ways to minimize our impact
on the environment and lower our costs through energy and water conservation, as well as reduced use of packaging material; provid- ing a safe and inclusive workplace for our employees globally; and by respecting, supporting and investing in the local communities in which we operate.
The progress we have made over the last six years—and in 2012 in particular—is heartening indeed.
We continued to grow our Good-for- You offerings, demonstrated leader- ship in water conservation that was recognized with the Stockholm Industry Water Award and the U.S. Water Prize, and reduced our Lost Time Injury Rate by 32 percent in 2012. These are but a few examples of the progress we have made, progress that has led to our selec- tion as one of the “World’s Most Ad- mired Companies” by Fortune, one of its most respected by Barron’s and one of its most ethical by Ethisphere.
2013 and Beyond: Our Transformation Journey Continues
I am proud of what we have achieved in the last several years. We anticipated many of the envi- ronmental changes early on and uniquely and necessarily trans- formed ourselves while still deliver- ing strong results. We have accom- plished a great deal and are on the right track.
We have clear and decisive plans to continue to reshape the business while delivering results. Our key initiatives have not changed. We will continue to drive profitable growth in our developed markets while continuing to migrate our portfo-
8 2012 PEPSICO ANNUAL REPORT

lio toward attractive high-growth spaces. We will work to fully realize the benefits of our complemen- tary categories, capitalize on our strengthened and new capabilities, make every penny a prisoner, fur- ther invest to develop the skills of our associates, and most important- ly, accelerate our work consistent with Performance with Purpose.
Our current plans reaffirm our commitment to achieving out- standing results while we continue our necessary and expansive trans- formation journey. This journey will not be easy, but important work never is.
So, as we navigate our car around the track, I believe we are very well positioned to run a great race, in support of our shareholders today and for the next generation.
Recently, PepsiCo was referred
to as a company with great charac- ter. I am sure it is because we have endured and thrived in challenging times. I hope it is also because we have demonstrated the courage
to look beyond the immediate and our commitment to managing the company for sustainable long-term performance, respecting and acting on the interdependence of corpora- tions and the societies in which
we operate.
This is the very essence of Perfor- mance with Purpose. I believe it is important now more than ever.
Indra K. Nooyi
PepsiCo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Billion Dollar Brands
PepsiCo has 22 brands that each generated $1 billion or more in 2012 in estimated annual retail sales:
 2
1
          3
     3
   4
     1 G Series, G2, Propel
2 Outside the U.S.
3 PepsiCo/Unilever partnership 4 PepsiCo/Starbucks partnership
2012 PEPSICO ANNUAL REPORT
9
