 Watch an introductory video with PepsiCo’s Chairman at www.PepsiCo.com/annual10.
is good
2010 Snapshot
%PY
      for all.
Net Revenue1 +33% Division Op. Profit1 +23% EPS2 +12% Mgmt OCF1 +23% Annual Dividend +7%
            Indra K. Nooyi
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
2010 was a good year for PepsiCo. I am delighted with the success we have achieved, and I am sure you are too.
Amid the continuing challenge of the most difficult global macroeconomic environment in decades, we deliv- ered strong operating performance that puts us in the top tier in our
industry while we generated signifi- cant operating cash flow.
• Net revenue grew 33 percent on a constant currency basis.1
• Core division operating profit rose 23 percent on a constant currency basis.1
• Core EPS grew 12 percent on a constant currency basis.2
• Management operating cash flow, excluding certain items, reached $6.9 billion, up 23 percent.1
• $8 billion was returned to our shareholders through share repur- chases and dividends.
• We raised the annual dividend by 7 percent.
We can confidently say that PepsiCo continues to operate from a position of balance and strength. We are the second-largest food and beverage business in the world, and the larg- est food and beverage business in North America.
We are increasingly global. More than 45 percent of our revenue comes from outside the United States, with approximately 30 percent coming from emerging and developing mar- kets, where we have tremendous growth opportunities. Globally, PepsiCo operates more than 100,000 routes, serves approximately 10 mil- lion outlets almost every week and generates more than $300 million in retail sales every day.
We are performing today to deliver top-tier financial performance, while investing to ensure that our perfor- mance levels can be sustained in the long term. For example, in 2010 we stepped up our investments in brand building, R&D, emerging markets infrastructure and our people.
PepsiCo has 19 brands that gen- erate more than $1 billion of retail sales each — up from just 11 in 2000. Brands are our lifeblood — we invest to sustain and improve brand equity in existing global brands while judiciously focusing on our local and regional brands. In 2010, all of our $1 billion brands grew revenues, thanks in part to our brand-building activities.
Differentiated products help us drive sales and pricing. In 2010, we again increased our R&D investments
in sweetener technologies, next- generation processing and packaging and nutrition products. For example, SoBe Lifewater Zero Calorie, a
 1 Core results and core results on a constant currency basis are non-GAAP measures that exclude certain items. See page 108 for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure in accordance with GAAP.
2 Core results and core results on a constant currency basis are non-GAAP measures that exclude certain
items. See page 64 for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure in accordance with GAAP.
9

 Letter to Shareholders
product made with an all-natural, zero-calorie sweetener, was a direct result of that investment — the SoBe Lifewater brand grew volume 46 per- cent in 2010 alone. Similarly, our technology investments allowed us to reduce sodium levels in some of our salty snacks without compromising taste and to use 100 percent recycled PET in our Naked Juice bottles.
We increased our investment in emerging markets’ selling and deliv- ery systems by putting more coolers in the market and adding route and distribution capacity ahead of growth in India, China, Russia
and other countries.
In 2010, we also increased our emphasis on our people — from leadership development to rota- tional assignments to experiential learning programs. Our people set us apart and attracting, retaining, retraining and developing them remain our biggest advantages and continuing challenges.
Performance with Purpose
In addition to sustainable financial performance, we made major strides in our Performance with Purpose journey.
Four years ago, we recognized that the environment was changing: increasingly, focus was shifting from corporate capabilities to include corporate character. A new under- standing took shape: that ethics and growth are not just linked, but inseparable; a belief long treasured by PepsiCo.
Performance with Purpose means delivering sustainable growth by investing in a healthier future for people and our planet. Performance has always been the lifeblood of
PepsiCo, and we remain committed to delivering top-tier financial returns. But we went a step further. We laid out additional short- and long-term goals for ourselves that included metrics related to our per- formance in the eyes of our retail partners, our consumers and, of course, our investors. Importantly, this is not at the cost of creating value for shareholders. It is the source of that value.
It’s all about bringing our company performance and our social and envi- ronmental commitments together.
We set a series of long-term targets, but ensured that they also supported our short-term needs. Our business and our ethics are intertwined, and that is an enormous source of
pride for everyone at PepsiCo. So let me explain the three Purpose planks that lead to outstanding per- formance: Human, Environmental, and Talent sustainability.
Human Sustainability
Human sustainability is our promise to encourage people to live balanced and healthy lives. It’s about offering balance in our portfolio for consum- ers to have a range of enjoyable and wholesome foods and beverages. It’s about providing people with choices, attractive options to manage their portions, better nutrition education and compelling programs to encour- age physical activity.
But the key is choice. By expanding our portfolio, we are making sure our consumers can treat themselves when they want enjoyable products, but are able to buy a range of appetiz- ing and healthier snacks when they are being health-conscious.
“We are performing today to deliver top-tier financial performance, while investing to ensure that our performance levels can be sustained in the long term.”
10 PepsiCo, Inc. 2010 Annual Report

 Wholesome and Enjoyable Foods and Beverages
 Fun-for-You Portfolio
These products are part of PepsiCo’s core food and beverage businesses.
Pepsi:
The bold, refreshing, robust cola
Red Rock Deli Potato Chips: Seasoned with delicious deli-inspired flavors
  Better-for-You Portfolio
These are foods and beverages that have levels of total fat, saturated fat, sodium and/or added sugar that are in line with global dietary intake recommen- dations. Included in this category are products such as baked snacks with lower-fat content and bever- ages with fewer or no calories and less added sugar.
Baked! Lay’s: Baked potato crisps with zero trans fats
Propel Zero: Zero-calorie enhanced water beverage with antioxidant and other vitamins
   Good-for-You Portfolio
These are foods and beverages that deliver positive nutrition through the inclusion of whole grains, fruits, vegetables, low-fat dairy, nuts and seeds or signifi- cant amounts of important nutrients, while moderating total fat, saturated fat, sodium and/or added sugar. We also include products that have been specifically formulated to provide a functional benefit, such
as addressing the performance needs of athletes.
Quaker Instant Oatmeal:
Made with heart- healthy whole- grain oats
Naked Juice: 100 percent juice smoothie made from real fruit
  11 12
  
We are a founding member of the Healthy Weight Commitment Foundation, which is a first-of-its- kind coalition dedicated to helping Americans achieve healthy weight through energy balance — calories in and calories out. We also support programs across the world to help people lead healthier lives, from Vive Saludable Escuelas in Latin America, to our Get Active program in India, to our partnership with the United Kingdom’s Department of Health on its Change4Life obesity campaign, to our work with the YMCA — America’s largest provider of fitness programs — on its Activate America initiative.
Environmental Sustainability
Environmental sustainability is our promise to protect the Earth’s natu- ral resources. We are investing in a healthier planet by reducing water usage, increasing recycling levels and minimizing our carbon footprint. We are engaging in sustainable farm- ing and helping communities in which we operate in the areas of water conservation, efficient agricul- tural methods and increasing access to safe water. In doing so, we are ensuring PepsiCo can continue long into the future. But in the here and now, we are reducing our energy
and waste costs, and gaining real credibility with consumers and policymakers alike as we prove our- selves to be a company which takes its responsibilities seriously.
In 2010, we advanced our land and packaging commitments by launch- ing the Dream Machine recycling partnership with Waste Management, Greenopolis and Keep America Beautiful, with a goal of increasing the U.S. beverage container recycling rate from 38 percent in 2009 to
50 percent by 2018. We made prog- ress on our commitment to reduce our carbon footprint, opening LEED- certified plants in China in both 2009 and 2010, while managing the largest private-delivery fleet of elec- tric vehicles in North America. Meanwhile, we strengthened our community pledge to be responsible in our use of natural resources, achieving positive water balance in India in 2009 and creating a new Agricultural Development Center in Peru in 2010.
Talent Sustainability
Talent sustainability is our promise to invest in our associates. Our goal is to help them succeed and develop the skills needed to drive the company’s growth, while also contributing to the local communities where we live. It’s about creating an environment where associates feel they can bring their whole selves to work. It’s about building a diverse workforce where our associate base reflects our consumer base.
In 2010, our efforts focused on making training and development a priority, as we introduced new PepsiCo University leadership pro- grams. Our ongoing efforts to create a culture where associates can bring their whole selves to work was affirmed with numerous “best employer” awards, from Turkey to India to Spain to Brazil.
2011 and Beyond
There is little debate that the pace of change in the world today can be challenging. It means that there is never a chance to rest on your laurels. No company can afford to stop awhile to congratulate itself on its success. You can be assured that our vigilance
remains undimmed. To that end, we have identified six business impera- tives on which we will focus.
Our first imperative is to build and extend our macro snack portfolio. PepsiCo is the largest player in this category, and we still have tremen- dous room for growth. Our goal is to grow the core salty snack brands that are loved and respected around the world, while expanding into adjacent categories. We will continue to grow top products in our portfolio such as Lay’s, Doritos, Fritos and Cheetos, while also adding products that are baked, that incorporate whole grains or contain fruits and vegetables.
We also will strive to create new flavors in tune with local tastes, which reflect local culture and traditions. In doing so, we will position ourselves to gain share, while continuing to grow the top and bottom line in our macro snack business.
Our second imperative is to sustain- ably and profitably grow our beverage business worldwide. Our beverage business is a large, highly profitable one, accounting
for 51 percent of the company’s rev- enues. We are a full-line liquid refreshment beverage company with a portfolio of much-loved brands, from the iconic Pepsi to Diet Pepsi, Pepsi Max, Mountain Dew, 7Up (International), Sierra Mist and Mirinda in carbonated bever- ages; Gatorade, Lipton Iced Tea, SoBe, Tropicana, Frappuccino and Naked Juice in the non-carbonated space. In this highly competitive category, our goal is to grow our developed market beverage business profitably while continuing to aggressively invest in fast-growing emerging and developing markets. In 2010, we revitalized both the Gatorade brand and the no-calorie
13

 Letter to Shareholders
carbonated category by putting a lot of weight behind Pepsi Max. In 2011, we have a laser-like focus on taking our profitable North America beverage business and growing it sustainably for the future. We are continuing, at the same time, to invest in emerging and developing markets — including, of course, the vital China and India markets.
Our third imperative is to unleash the power of the Power of One. Studies show that, 85 percent of the time, when a person eats a snack, he or she also reaches for a beverage. No company on earth is better posi- tioned to fulfill both sides of that equation. To truly unleash the power of the Power of One, in 2010, we successfully completed the acquisi- tions of our anchor bottlers, which enabled us to better service our cus- tomers. As an integrated operating company across snacks and bever- ages, we now can provide incredible benefits to our retail partners and consumers. For example, we can respond to retailer needs with increased speed and agility; we can incubate new products in our distri- bution systems for a longer time; we can offer integrated in-store displays tuned to occasions and day parts; we can leverage our in-store merchan- dising better and we can truly bring the power of PepsiCo to all our retail partners. The opportunities to grow our top and bottom line through the Power of One are exciting indeed.
Our fourth imperative is to build and expand our nutrition business to rapidly grow our Good-for-You port- folio of products. With the acquisi- tion of Wimm-Bill-Dann, PepsiCo’s annual revenues from nutritious
and functional foods have risen from $10 billion to nearly $13 billion.
With the Global Nutrition Group, we will be able to harness the best of PepsiCo by retaining the operating capability within each sector while centralizing the innovation and development of these increasingly in-demand healthier, wholesome and tasty products.
The fifth imperative is to cherish our PepsiCo associates. We are fortunate to employ, worldwide,
a truly remarkable set of associates. The market becomes more competi- tive every day. It is people who hold the key to great performance. To be
a good employer is one of the most important strategic decisions a company has to make. In this regard, Performance with Purpose is an absolutely central part of our recruit- ment and retention processes.
Many of our new associates come to us precisely because we are a com- pany that respects them and respects the causes that they care passionately about.
The sixth and final imperative is the sum total of the other five. It is vital, in the end, that everything we do adds up to excellent financial perfor- mance. When we widen our horizons we are not, at the same time, losing our focus on performance. I can make this commitment — that we have a laser-like attention on being the best possible company, financially, that we can be.
Conclusion
I am sure you will agree that we
have delivered strong and consistent performance. Any student of the numbers could be forgiven for think- ing that we sailed along the calm waters with little to concern the crew. And, in one sense, that would be right. The crew of PepsiCo is a remarkably consistent and dedicated group. I want to pay tribute to every
one of the associates who have done, as they always do, a magnificent job during trying circumstances. We all owe every one of them a debt of gratitude!
That is especially the case when you consider that business is conducted against the backdrop of a constantly shifting scene. It can be disconcert- ing. It can be challenging. But it
can also be exciting, and the sense of commitment and desire that I feel from the associates in this com- pany is the thing that keeps our company fresh and the thing that keeps our company successful.
Let me close by saying that this has been another year of excellent per- formance. We returned $8 billion
to you, our shareholders — of that
we are proud. Now that Performance with Purpose is no longer new, we can see that the evidence is mount- ing — what is good for society and what is good for our business are the same thing. We are making progress on all fronts. It is hugely encouraging and, though the backdrop can be difficult, we have the resources, the ingenuity and the desire to keep moving forward successfully. Of that, I am certain.
Indra K. Nooyi
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 14 PepsiCo, Inc. 2010 Annual Report
