Dear Shareholders:
With profitable growth across all divisions, on every continent and across both convenient food and beverage categories, PepsiCo delivered a very strong 2005. The company’s continued focus on health and wellness, and innovation — coupled with its efforts to build big, muscular brands and powerful go-to-market systems — generated industry leading results.
• Volume grew 7%.
• Net revenue grew 11%.
• Division operating profit grew 10%.
• Earnings per share grew 15%.*
• Total return to shareholders was 15% compared with 5% for the S&P.
• Cash flow from operations was $5.9 billion and manage- ment operating cash flow was $4.2 billion.**
What’s particularly pleasing about these results is the balance they represent. Whether it’s between foods and beverages, North American and International operations, or even different parts of the day, our portfolio of leading brands finds convenient ways into consumers’ lives any time of day, anywhere across the globe.
That’s why this year’s report focuses on what your company is doing to capture growth opportunities on any given day across the world. It’s a departure from previous annual reports which focused primarily on each division’s operating performance. While you can still find division summaries in this report, we want to give you a more holistic view of how your company is seeking to capture growth opportunities.
You’ll see these opportunities addressed in the key themes in the pages that follow, but we also recognize that there are specific ques- tions to which many investors seek answers. Over the last year, we’ve
Steve Reinemund
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
collected key questions shareholders most often ask about our businesses; they reflect issues we spend significant time and energy addressing. And first, on just about everyone’s list, is what PepsiCo is doing in the area of health and wellness.
There is a lot in the press about the “obesity epidemic.” How urgent is the obesity issue, and does it pose a risk to PepsiCo’s business?
There is no question that obesity is a significant issue gaining increased attention and importance

in many nations. Public health is a complex issue that requires partnerships across public and private sectors to find solutions that help consumers.
That’s why, while we view this issue as a challenge, we also see the growing interest in health and wellness as a growth opportunity. Given that North America revenues from our Smart Spot eligible products — more than 250 products that contribute to healthier lifestyles — grew at more than two-and-one-half times the rate of the rest of our portfolio in 2005, it’s clear that our strategy is aligned with the interests of our consumers and retail partners. And it’s the right thing to do for our business. As a result, our commitment to health and wellness has never been stronger.
We believe the solution to consumers’ health and wellness needs — and the obesity epidemic in particular — lies in the concept of energy balance; that is, finding balance between the calories consumed and the calories burned. It requires companies like PepsiCo to be part of the solution — a priority on which we will continue to take action.
Whether it’s reformulating our products with lower sugar, fat or sodium, adding new or additional ingredients that deliver health benefits, or developing entirely new products, we’ve committed considerable resources to doing what we do best — giving con- sumers what they want. We’ve also committed to supporting active lifestyles and marketing responsibly, and I’d encourage you to
read details surrounding all our work in health and wellness later in this report.
2005 Scorecard 7%
V olume
15%
Earnings Per Share*
* See page 76. ** See page 49.
11%
Net Revenue
15%
Total Return to Shareholders 10%
Division Operating Profit 25%

Return on Invested Capital*
Your commitment to the International business seems to be paying off. What are the drivers of growth in your International business, and do you expect the growth to continue at the same pace?
The outstanding growth achieved by our International business in 2005 is the result of years of investment and the implementation of a deliberate strategy to create scale in key interna- tional markets that will deliver profitable growth. As the fastest growing division at PepsiCo — and now the largest revenue generator — PepsiCo International’s strategy clearly is delivering results.
To give more perspective on why we’re encour- aged about our international growth prospects, the portfolio of international markets is both broaden- ing and strengthening, as we deliver exciting new products, tailored to local tastes, to consumers in more than 200 countries and territories. We’re particularly pleased with our growing presence in key emerging markets such as Brazil, China, India and Russia.
We’re very proud of the growth generated through our brands. Our performance is directly attributable to the passionate people who run our businesses in our international markets, each and every day of the year, adapting our products, pack- aging and distribution systems to a wide variety of tastes and market conditions.
We continue to expect our International business to grow at about twice the rate of our North American businesses, though favorable global macroeconomics clearly contributed to our 2005 performance which exceeded that expectation.
What is the role of acquisitions in PepsiCo’s future growth?
We continue to believe that small, strategic, or “tuck in” acquisitions, will help propel our future growth. Our recent acquisitions of Sakata in Australia, Star Foods in Poland, Punica in Germany, P.J. Smoothies in the United Kingdom and Stacy’s Pita Chips in the United States, are clear examples of how smaller acquisitions that offer considerable
synergies with our existing businesses can help us grow in new geographies and new categories.
In each case, we exercise a disciplined approach to assessing any opportunity, carefully reviewing both strategic and financial criteria to ensure a fit with PepsiCo.
It’s important to understand that while acquisitions have a role to play in our growth plans, we believe we’ll continue to experience strong “organic” growth in our existing portfolio of businesses. They’re equipped with big, muscular brands, they have room to grow, and they receive constant investment and attention.
The carbonated soft drink category in North America has slowed in recent years. What does this trend mean for PepsiCo’s growth prospects?
While our carbonated soft drink business was down in North America in 2005, we’re convinced

that, over time, growth can be restored as we continue to invest in innovation for our carbonated beverages. Our diet carbonated soft drinks continue to grow in North America, an indication that consumers will remain engaged with the category if we offer car- bonated soft drinks they desire.
Importantly, if you look at the total liquid refresh- ment beverage (LRB) category in North America — meaning all beverage occasions except for coffee, alcohol, tap and bulk water — you’ll see it’s growing at about 2.5% annually. This is consistent with his- torical growth rates for LRB, and PepsiCo is very well positioned to capture this growth.
That’s because we have an advantaged portfolio of non-carbonated beverages, which is exactly where the growth in LRB is, and where we believe it continues to head. PepsiCo’s line-up of waters, sports drinks, teas and energy drinks includes lead- ing brands, and they illustrate how an advantaged portfolio of non-carbonated beverages can deliver great products for consumers, and solid returns for retailers and shareholders.
How are you preparing to grow PepsiCo’s top line?
In a word, innovation — the lifeblood of any con- sumer products company. PepsiCo views this capa- bility as a critical and sustainable competitive advantage. It is the reason we spend considerable time and dollars filling our pipeline with an array of consumer propositions to address needs for conven- ient foods and beverages.
We use a thoughtful and balanced approach to funding innovation and putting resources in place to support it. Some examples of that balance include balancing good-for-you and better-for-you product innovation with resources earmarked for our fun-for-you portfolio. In 2005, for example, our investment in new Aquafina FlavorSplash and new Gatorade Lemonade drove growth with our Smart Spot portfolio, while Lay’s Cheddar and Sour Cream
U.S. Category Leaders
#2 Carbonated Soft Drinks Earnings Per Share*
$2.66
Management Operating Cash Flow **
$ in Millions $3,705 $3,032
$2.32 $2.05
2003
2004 2005

2003 2004 2005
* See page 76. ** See page 49. $4,204
3
#1 Sports Drink
#1
PET Water (non-jug)
#1 Chilled Juices & Juice Drinks #1 Enhanced Water
#1 Ready-to-Drink Coffee
#2 Ready-to-Drink Tea
U.S. Category Leaders
flavored potato chips contributed to solid growth with our Lay’s brand.
But it also means balancing investment between carbonated and non-carbonated beverages, and balancing between “close-in” ideas like line exten- sions, and entirely new product platforms that don’t exist today. We’ve implemented new ways of coordinating the collection of insights from consumers and retail partners so we can better share those insights across our businesses, and generate ideas that have a greater chance of suc- cess in the marketplace.
I think it’s important to understand that innovation isn’t limited to products. Across PepsiCo, we’re constantly innovating to strengthen our go-to-market systems and to find structures that drive faster, more efficient and more cost- effective decision making. A current example is our Business Process Transformation, or BPT, a comprehensive, multi-year initiative that centers on moving all of PepsiCo to a common set of processes for key business activities, with current efforts focused on North America.
More than a year ago, you announced PepsiCo’s Business Process Transformation (BPT) initiative. What are the objectives of this program, and what is its status?
Through larger acquisitions and mergers over the years, such as Tropicana and Quaker, we’ve recog- nized the need to seamlessly integrate formerly independent information systems. We’re

also committed to harmonizing key business processes such as Finance, Consumer Insights, Purchasing and Supply Chain and continuously improving our customer service.
We’re supporting these processes with common Information Technology applications, linking our systems so that key pieces of data supporting all our businesses flow seamlessly from system to system. 2005 was a big year of preparation for the first deployment of our new, integrated system, which started its phased roll out in early 2006.
In fact, on January 16, the very first of these new capabilities began its roll out. Several of our North American plants, along with our Global Procurement team, now have streamlined tools and processes used for purchasing materials other than commodities, packaging and ingredients. Additional capabilities will be rolled out over the next several years.
When complete, we expect to have an infra- structure that will support better, faster decisions, allowing us to capture more growth opportunities, and better serve our customers. Importantly, it will also leverage PepsiCo’s scale for efficiency and effectiveness.
On the cost side, a number of key commodities have seen high rates of inflation. How is PepsiCo managing in an environment of increasing costs?
There is no doubt that 2005 was a challenging year for input costs — especially energy and plas- tics resin. Between several major hurricanes hitting the United States and inflation, we saw some expected and some unexpected pressure on our margins, but we managed those cost pressures and met our financial targets.
And we expect 2006 to be challenging as well, largely reflecting increased energy and commodity costs. However, we have solid plans in place to off- set these rising costs through productivity programs and hedging strategies, and expect to carefully manage pricing to help offset some of the inflation.
PepsiCo’s businesses generate a great deal of cash, and the Company’s balance sheet is very conservative. Why don’t you put more debt on the balance sheet and use the proceeds to increase the dividend or increase share repurchases?
PepsiCo does generate considerable cash, and we are disciplined about how cash is reinvested in the business. Over the past three years, $5.7 billion has been reinvested in the businesses through capital expenditures and acquisitions, and $12.0 billion has been returned to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. In essence, any cash we have not reinvested in the business has been returned to our shareholders. And, we are pleased with our current capital structure and
debt ratings, which give us ready access to capital markets and keep our cost of borrowing down.
PepsiCo’s focus on people — specifically diversity and inclusion — has been a priority in previous reports. What results have you delivered through this focus and what changes have you made?
In terms of the diversity of our workforce, we’ve seen a significant increase in the number of

women and people of color who’ve joined PepsiCo in various functions and at various levels. Since 2000, the percentage of women in management positions in the United States has risen from 20% to 25%. The number of people of color in management positions has climbed from 15% to almost 22% — we made a gain of about 2 points of growth in 2005 alone. This change in the workforce has contributed to our growth through product ideas, greater insights about consumers and connections into growing urban and ethnic communities.
While a diverse workforce is important, we must also create an inclusive environment where every- one — regardless of race, gender, physical ability or sexual orientation — feels valued, engaged, and wants to be part of our growth. It is only through
4
#1
Potato Chips
#1 Tortilla Chips
#1 Corn Chips #1 Extruded Snacks
#1
Multigrain Snack
#2 Pretzels
inclusion that we will fully unleash innovation and growth for our business.
To capture this potential, we made some changes in 2005. For example, to put accounta- bility for diversity and inclusion squarely in the hands of our people, and into our divisions, we formed the PepsiCo Diversity & Inclusion Governance Council. Representatives from each division and various functions comprise the coun- cil, and its chair reports directly to me.
I also asked each of my direct reports to take ownership for the development of specific employ- ee groups. Whether it is African Americans, Latinos, white males, women, or other groups of PepsiCo employees, each has a voice at the most senior decision-making entity at your company.
In the context of people issues, corporate responsibility is a hot topic. How are you ensuring PepsiCo associates are acting in accordance with the law, and — beyond

the law — doing the right thing?
The need for trust between corporations and the general public is as big as ever, and investors rightly should ask this question of every company. PepsiCo’s focus on values remains honed on a commitment to every shareholder — to deliver sustained growth, through empowered people, operating with responsibility and building trust.
This commitment, along with six guiding principles (found on page 7), is what we aspire to each and every day. It complements our approach to corporate governance, the strength of our financial controls, and the company’s Worldwide Code of Conduct.
As we have with previous reports, we’ve includ- ed a section on corporate social responsibility to highlight what we’ve accomplished in 2005, and I invite you to visit our website as well to read our report in detail.
More importantly, I hope the contents of this annual report — along with even more details that are published on our website — will help you understand that your company is addressing the challenges ahead with the strength of muscular brands, a growing and powerful go-to-market sys- tem, a commitment to innovation, and passionate, diverse people committed to growing the business in responsible ways.
This is the PepsiCo that is poised to deliver on our commitment to responsible growth at any time, and on any day.
Steve Reinemund
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
U.S. Category Leaders
Our Values and our Worldwide Code of Conduct are known to every PepsiCo associate and are presented in 38 languages on our web- site (www.pepsico.com). But the strength of any such commitment is not in the words themselves, but in how they are lived every day.
We continuously remind our associates of the rewards that come with running the company in a legal, ethical and responsible way, along with the consequences of failing to do so. We want, and intend to be, a sustainable enterprise, and that demands our people act in responsible ways, and think about our businesses for the long term.
A Word of Thanks to Sol Trujillo
Sol Trujillo retired from the board when he was named chief executive officer of Telstra Corporation, the Australian telecommunications and information services company. Sol served for five years on our Board, providing valuable insights and advice. He has an astute understanding of consumers and provided excellent guidance during our merger with Quaker. His counsel and contributions will be greatly missed.

Welcome to New Board Members
Joining our Board of Directors in 2005 were Dina Dublon, Victor J. Dzau, M.D. and Alberto Ibargüen. Dina Dublon was, until October 2004, executive vice president and chief financial officer for
JPMorgan Chase, the U.S.-based banking company with more than $1 trillion in assets. She brings a deep expertise in financial management that significantly enhances PepsiCo’s capability in this important area. She will serve on our Audit Committee.
Dr. Dzau is one of the world’s foremost authorities on health issues, chancellor for health affairs at Duke University and president and chief executive officer of the Duke University Health System. His medical insights and business acumen will be invaluable as we strive to achieve our commitment to health and wellness.
Alberto Ibargüen previously was chairman of the Miami Herald Publishing Company, a Knight Ridder subsidiary, and has served as publisher of the Miami Herald and El Nuevo Herald. In July 2005, he became president and chief executive officer of the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, a major supporter of journalism programs and civic advancement. He brings both business and community expertise and will serve on the Audit Committee.
— SSR
