 Letter to Stockholders
April 24, 2006
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
In 2005, we made a subtle—yet significant—change to reflect our fundamental beliefs and practices. We are no longer PETsMART, a “mart” or a big box warehouse store. We’ve evolved to become the trusted source for pet care, services and solutions, and it was time to recognize this achievement. Today, we are PetSmart.
Driven by our smart brand and Total Lifetime Care strategy, we completed another strong year with per-share earnings growth of 19 percent, top line sales growth of 11.8 percent, comparable store sales growth of 4.2 percent on top of 6.3 percent in 2004, and industry leading sales per square foot of $206.
We added 100 net new stores in 2005, ending the year with 826 PetSmart stores in North America. We continue to open stores aggressively without compromising quality of execution or the power of the PetSmart brand. We will open an additional 90 net new stores in 2006, representing square footage growth of about 11 percent, and we are confident the market ultimately can support 1,400 stores.
Our 2005 stores continue to perform extremely well, validating the power of our new Eagle II format, which is designed around our customers’ needs and how they shop. In 2006, we’ll refresh 215 stores with the Eagle II format, focusing on markets with the greatest number of older stores. We remain on track to complete every store in the chain by 2008.
Our services—grooming, pet training, PetsHotel and Doggie Day Camp—attract new pet parents to our business model and let us create strong, lasting bonds with them. Today, our pet services business is the largest and fastest growing in the sector. Total sales in services were $298.9 million, up 24.2 percent from last year. There are still plenty of opportunities for consolidation in this highly fragmented business. Services cannot easily be duplicated by our competitors, and are a driver of profitable growth and an important differentiator.
PetSmart PetsHotels, our overnight boarding and daycare facilities for dogs and cats, continue to attract new customers and give our current customers yet another reason to remain loyal to us. We opened 16 PetsHotels in 2005, ending the year with 32 facilities inside our stores. We will open 30 additional PetsHotels in 2006, with the ultimate goal of opening 300.
In addition to day camp services offered inside all our hotels, we’re leveraging the momentum created with the launch in 2004 of our first stand-alone Doggie Day Camp, in-store daycare facility. We opened six Doggie Day Camps in 2005 in stores where there isn’t a PetsHotel, giving busy pet parents yet another reason to pass up the competition. We are on track to reach a total of 40 by 2010.
We designed our PetPerks customer relationship marketing program to deepen our understanding of customers and what they want, and to address their current and emerging needs. We completed the rollout of the loyalty card portion of the program a full quarter ahead of schedule, with nearly 16 million cardholders enrolled
Philip L. Francis
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer with Bit o’ Honey
  Net Sales
(in billions)
 14
Pet Services Revenue
(in millions)
 Net Income
(in millions)

  Robert F. Moran
President and Chief Operating Officer with Bailey and Tatum
by year’s end, and more than two-thirds of total transactions and three-fourths of total sales captured by the cards. Using this data, we have developed successful relationship marketing promotions. We expect the PetPerks program to deliver meaningful benefit to the top line in 2006 by driving loyalty, increasing spend per pet and enticing customers to products and services only we provide.
Our focus on operating excellence and execution is a meaningful competitive advantage and helps us provide our customers with a consistently superior shopping experience. By emphasizing retail basics like store cleanliness, short checkout lines, a strong in-stock position and the care of the pets in our stores, we are managing costs, driving efficiency and assuring that we provide a consistently superior shopping experience even as we grow.
Our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations—we ended 2005 with $330.3 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments—gives us tremendous financial flexibility to invest in profitable growth and still provide shareholders with tangible returns in the form of stock purchases and dividends. In 2005, we bought back 9.9 million shares of our stock, and paid quarterly dividends of 3 cents per share.
With another solid year behind us and our smart business model firmly in place, we feel good about our long-term prospects. Our business is strong, and we are positioned to capture a large and growing share of the compelling pet market. We have the right strategies, and we’re committed to investing in smart initiatives that can fuel our ongoing growth. We believe that we can continue to thrive and generate meaningful returns for our shareholders over the long term.
Sincerely,
Philip L. Francis
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Robert F. Moran
President and Chief Operating Officer
 Earnings Per Share
  Stores
  PetsHotels
15

 Statement of Corporate Responsibility
The management of PetSmart is dedicated to ensuring our high standards of corporate governance are maintained, including compliance with our established financial accounting policies and reporting our results with objectivity and the highest degree of integrity. The culture at PetSmart demands integrity, and we have the highest confidence in our people and our underlying systems of internal controls. Management fully embraces and understands its responsibility for the integrity and accuracy of our financial statements.
Here is a sampling of the corporate governance controls to which we adhere:
• Our Board of Directors adopted, and we have posted on our website, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and related information.
• Twelve of the 13 members of the Board of Directors are independent of PetSmart and our management.
• The Lead Director and all members of the board committees—the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee,
and the Corporate Governance Committee—are independent.
• Independent board members regularly meet without management present.
• The charters for these board committees clearly establish committee member roles and responsibilities.
• PetSmart has a clear code of ethics and business policies.
• PetSmart has complaint procedures in place for both associates and others.
• The PetSmart internal audit department reviews key areas of our business and financial processes and controls, and reports directly to the Audit Committee.
We are committed to improving stockholder value and fully understand and embrace our responsibilities. It is a PetSmart tenet that investors and other users of our financial statements should be provided with financial information that is timely, complete, relevant, fair and accurate. We will continue to strive to strengthen your confidence by our actions.
Philip L. Francis
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Timothy E. Kullman
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
  16
