 April 25, 2014
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
This was a very exciting year in our company history as we celebrated our 20th listing anniversary on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange. We are pleased that 2013 marked the fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings per share growth and a record high year for earnings before tax margin. Our ability to continue to consistently deliver against our long-term shareholder value strategy is a testament to our ability to manage what we can control even in an uncertain macroeconomic environment.
In 2013, we generated $6.9 billion in net sales, including services sales of $766 million, on comparable store sales growth of 2.7%. Overall, earnings before tax increased to $642 million, or 9.3% of sales, resulting in earnings per share of $4.02. We generated $615 million in operating cash flow, and spent $147 million in capital expenditures, adding 55 net new stores and 3 new PetsHotels. As a result of our strong cash generation, we returned $54 million in quarterly dividends to our shareholders, and repurchased $464 million in common stock. In September, our Board of Directors approved a new $535 million share repurchase program and increased our quarterly dividend by 18% to 19.5 cents per quarter, reinforcing our commitment to return excess free cash flow to our shareholders.
Fundamentally, we believe that pets make us better people. This belief allows us to play a unique role centered around creating more moments for people to be inspired by pets through our strategic pillars of caring for our customers, caring for our associates, and caring for our communities. Our community efforts are a key element in connecting with our customers and differentiating ourselves in the community. One way that we do this is through our partnership with PetSmart Charities, Inc. and PetSmart Charities of Canada (collectively “PetSmart Charities”). Since 1994, more than 5.7 million pets have found their forever home through one of the PetSmart Charities in-store adoption centers. PetSmart Charities is the leader in granting money to help pets in need, with more than $34 million given in 2013 throughout North America.
 Caring
for our Customers
Letter to our Stockholders

 Another way that we differentiate ourselves in the community is through PetSmart Gives BackTM, by building national partnerships and supporting the local communities where our associates live and work. Since launching PetSmart Gives Back, we have seen the power of giving back in the tremendous response from our customers, associates, and communities. I am very proud that last year our associates volunteered more than 8,800 hours to more than 150 local organizations in their communities to enrich people’s lives through the power of pets. PetSmart Gives Back has allowed us to build three national partnerships this year: PetSmart PromiseTM, in partnership with Family Promise, allows families keep their pets while on the road to sustainable housing; PetSmart Paws for HopeTM, in partnership with Phoenix Children’s Hospital and other hospitals throughout the country, helps children by sponsoring animal assisted therapy programs; and PetSmart for PatriotsTM, in partnership with Canine Companions for independence, provides wounded military veterans with easier access to service dogs. Finally, we are building PetSmart Pop Up Parks in communities where there is available land, the first nationally-branded portable community dog park of its kind in the United States.
Looking ahead
As the industry leader, we are well positioned to continue to leverage the “humanization of pets” trend while evolving to stay relevant with our customer. Our mission of creating more moments for people to be inspired by pets will be the filter for our customer strategies next year, focused around three areas: connecting with all pet parents in an authentic and personalized way, expanding our proprietary and exclusive products and services, and growing our most valuable customers.
Connecting with pet parents is about being relevant to our customers however and whenever they shop, and leveraging our customer data and analytics to increase personalized connections. To do this, we are going to enhance the customer experience through technology, and accelerate our deployment of new omni-channel capabilities.
 Caring
for our Associates

 Letter to our Stockholders
Proprietary and exclusive products and services currently represent approximately 35% of our net sales. This is a key competitive advantage for us. It differentiates us from the competition and keeps our customers coming back. Our intent is to drive double-digit proprietary and exclusive product sales growth over the next 3 to 5 years.
Growing our most valuable customers includes increasing the penetration of customers who buy channel-exclusive foods, use grooming services, and are new pet parents of dogs, cats, and fish. We know that these customers shop us more frequently and spend more across the entire store. We have an opportunity to increase our penetration of these customers by expanding and innovating in the areas that they care about.
In closing, I would like to thank our 53,000 dedicated associates for their passion and commitment to creating authentic and personalized connections with our pet parent customers each and every day in our stores.
Sincerely,
David K. Lenhardt
President and Chief Executive Officer
        Caring for our Communities
