                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Letter to the Stockholders
       April 16, 2012
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
2011 was a year to celebrate. To celebrate the “Happiness in Store” experience that our knowledgeable, caring associates deliver to our pet parents each and every day. Our passionate associates are the foundation of our differentiated in-store experience, with a focus on providing solutions to our pet parents to help them help their pets live long, healthy, happy lives. By providing the largest assortment with an unmatched customer experience at a great value, we set ourselves apart from the competition and as the leading pet specialty retailer.
Our financial results have never been stronger. We drove comparable store sales growth of 5.4%, and increased total sales by 7%. Our strong sales performance, combined with our continued cost and capital discipline, resulted in earnings per share growth of 27%.
We’ve created a differentiated and compelling product assortment. As the leader in expert recommended pet nutrition, we’ve expanded our selection of channel-exclusive pet food and treats, in order to drive increased loyalty and profitability. We’ve increased the penetration of our exclusive proprietary brands across the store, and developed categories that we can continue to grow with key brands including Martha Stewart PetsTM and GNC PetsTM. By fostering this culture of innovation, we’ve developed new partnerships, including Toys “R” Us PetsTM and the Bret Michaels Pets RockTM collection, to fuel our product innovation pipeline and drive long-term growth well in to the future.
Our full range of services offerings is another key point of differentiation. We are the only pet retailer to provide professional grooming, training, boarding, day camp, and veterinary care, all under one roof. In 2011, services sales increased 9% to $675 million, or 11% of sales. In the services business, we understand that it is about relationships, and pet parents want the best level of care for their pets, who are valued members of the family.
We’ve used compelling marketing and promotions to increase loyalty, communicate exclusivity and value, and to drive traffic into our stores. The PetSmart brand is strong. It is recognizable, and it connects with the consumer.
We generated $575 million in operating cash flow, and spent $121 million in capital expenditures, adding 45 net new stores and 12 PetsHotels, ending the year with 1,232 stores and 192 PetsHotels in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico. We bought back $337 million of PetSmart stock under our $450 million share purchase program. We also increased our quarterly dividend 12% from 12.5 cents to 14 cents per share, and paid $60 million in dividends.
Robert F. Moran, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer with Tatum

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Our commitment to saving the lives of homeless pets keeps us ever-inspired in our partnership with PetSmart Charities. Approximately 1,100 pets are adopted each day in our stores. Since 1994, nearly 5 million pets have found their forever home through one of the PetSmart Charities in-store adoption centers, located in all of our stores.
Looking Ahead
From here, we will continue to build on the solid performance of 2011. By focusing on the proven strategies that have made PetSmart successful, and continuing to challenge ourselves to evolve, we will be well positioned to deliver superior shareholder returns in 2012 and beyond. As the leader in innovation, we have a sharp, unwavering focus on our strategic priorities and we’re intent on executing them at every level of the business.
We are very fortunate here at PetSmart to be a leader in an industry that serves the strong emotional bond between pet parents and their pets. Our associates understand this bond, and take great pride in strengthening it. It is the help from knowledgeable, caring associates that defines the experience our customers expect from PetSmart. Our associates are making the lives of pets and their pet parents even better each and every day by creating these happiness in store experiences. And that is a reason to celebrate.
Sincerely,
Robert F. Moran
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     