                   leTTer To THe
 stockholders
  April 18, 2011
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
In 2010, we delivered solid results as we continued our journey of becoming a best in class specialty retailer. Using the strength of our brand and leveraging customer insights, we maintained our focus on innovation, differentiation and building strategic new partnerships, giving our customers even more compelling reasons to shop our stores.
We expanded our portfolio of exclusive offerings and partnerships to include Martha Stewart PetsTM and GNC PetsTM. We also introduced industry-leading flea & tick brands into our assortment, increased penetration of our innovative proprietary brands, and expanded our selectionofchannelexclusivespecialtyfoodswiththeadditionofWellness¨ brandpetfood and snacks. The strength of our core business, combined with the addition of these strategic partnerships and new offerings, drove comparable store sales growth of 4.8% and increased net sales by 6.7%. Our strong sales performance coupled with continued cost and capital discipline resulted in earnings per share growth of 26%.
Our suite of pet services offerings Ð grooming, pet training, PetSmart PetsHotels¨ and Doggie Day campsm Ð continues to be a key differentiator and an integral part of our strategy to engage our pet parents, understand their needs, and provide solutions that promote customer loyalty. Services sales increased 7.5% to $619 million, or 10.9% of sales, with grooming representing the largest share. The PetsHotels business is benefiting from an uptick in human travel in addition to our focus on improved operational efficiencies and cost controls. As the leading specialty provider of pet services in North America, more pet parents entrust their pets to us when they are in need of services.
We generated $458 million in operating cash flow and spent $125 million in capital expenditures, adding 38 net new stores and 18 PetsHotels, ending the year with 1,187 stores and 180 PetsHotels in the United States and Canada. We bought back $263 million of PetSmart stock under our $400 million share purchase program. We also increased our quarterly dividend 25% from 10 cents to 12.5 cents per share and paid $53 million in dividends.
Our partnership with PetSmart Charities demonstrates our commitment to saving the lives of homeless pets and promoting new pet acquisition. Since 1994, more than 4.4 million pets have been adopted in a PetSmart store through one of the PetSmart Charities in-store adoption centers. With the recent decline in pet ownership trends, we are focused more than ever on supporting this partnership, and are proud to report that in 2010 alone, more than 403,000 pets were adopted in our stores.

                              looKinG
   AheAd
Although the macro-economic environment still holds some uncertainty, we remain confident in our business model and our ability to execute on our strategic priorities. We feel that the work we began back in 2008 to right-size our cost structure, better align our business units, leverage our customer insights and become a better merchandiser is being validated through the results of our solid financial performance this year as we continue on our journey of becoming a best in class specialty retailer. And that is a journey that will continue into 2011 and beyond.
The focus on innovation and differentiation has given us even more compelling stories about our products and created excitement in our stores for both our customers and our associates. These efforts provide us with a significant competitive advantage and are the foundation for future customer and transaction growth opportunities. Although we are in an attractive competitive position, we remain humble, knowing that continued success will require hard work, solid execution and consistency of our brand in all that we do.
We remain committed to delivering superior shareholder returns in 2011 and beyond through driving the productivity of our existing assets, expense discipline, and returning excess cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We are confident that we can continue to deliver on our commitments as we continue to evolve and refine our merchandising capabilities, while staying connected and engaged with our pet parents.
The strength of our brand and differentiation, along with the passion and support of our associates, sets us apart as the leader for products, services and solutions for the lifetime needs of pets. By giving our pet parents more reasons to shop, we are doing the right things to continue to drive future sustainable growth and long-term shareholder value.
sincerely,
Philip L. Francis Executive Chairman
Robert F. Moran
President and Chief Executive Officer
         