                                          Our
growth
  “We accomplished a great deal in 2002, but we’ve only just begun to explore our potential, and we’re confident that much of the upside still remains.”
April 28, 2003 Dear Shareholders:
PETsMART proved its strength in 2002. In a tough climate, we performed and, building on 2001’s accomplishments, we completed eight quarters of positive results. We grew pet services, completed a state-of-the-art distribution system, reformatted more of our stores and continued to build a customer- focused culture.
We earned $0.63 per share in 2002, compared to last year’s $0.35. Included in our 2002 results is a charge of $13.2 million net of tax, or $0.09 per share, related to a legal settlement with
former shareholders of Pet City Holdings. Our topline sales grew to $2.7 billion and comparable store sales grew 9.6 percent. Margins were up 231 basis points—our third consecutive year of growth—and we generated $223 million in cash from operations. Pet services sales grew 29 percent and we reduced inventory per store by 9 percent.
Those impressive numbers reflect the work we’ve done to reposition our strategy and transform the business. Based on our early results, we think this is the beginning of a business that will continue to drive growth and shareholder value for years to come.
and strength continue.
  Philip L. Francis,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Robert F. Moran,
President and Chief Operating Officer

                                         Our strength and reliability come from a potent combination I like to call “young initiatives”— strategic imperatives that can generate traffic, repeat visits, sales and financial returns now and for several quarters to come. These initiatives give us the gift of time to develop and test new ideas that will sustain our momentum going forward.
With six forward distribution centers now open, our work to build a state-of-the-art distribution system is complete, and can handle our growth for at least the next three to four years. The distribution system improves in-stocks, reduces inventory, and allows us to reformat our stores around the needs and aspirations of our customers.
With more than two-thirds of the chain now in the new format and the rest to be completed in 2003, we believe the remodeling program, coupled with our other young initiatives, can drive sales growth for at least the next 24 months.
In 2003, we’re adding at least 60 net new stores in the new format. We currently believe our ultimate build-out in North America can be approximately 1,200 PETsMART stores.
We have the industry’s broadest product selection and, using category management, we’re better aligning our buying and merchandising decisions with the needs of our customers. We’re constantly reviewing various product categories and we believe there is plenty of room for additional sales and margin expansion.
Pet services continue to be an engine of profitable growth. With our grooming and training businesses growing at nearly 30 percent a year for the past two years, we're now testing new service adjacencies. Initial test results in two stores of a boarding and daycare business called PETsMART PETsHOTELTM suggest we may have found a profitable venture that can expand the trading area and drive growth in other services. In fact, we’re confident enough in the PETsHOTEL concept to expand the test in 2003, with seven new hotels in key markets.
Finally, there is our work to provide superior service and an exceptional customer experience. We’ve made enormous strides in transforming PETsMART from a task-driven company to a culture of customer focus. While
we’ve made much progress, there’s plenty of work to do and we believe there's also plenty of upside. So, everyone’s yearly bonuses—starting with store managers and ending with Bob and me—are tied in part to our performance in key customer service metrics.
With the business strong and growing, we’re keenly focused on driving profitability and building our financial strength. As promised, we began to leverage general and administrative expenses in 2002 and expect that trend to continue. In July 2002, we completed a successful secondary offering of PETsMART stock and we continue to improve our strong balance sheet.
We accomplished a great deal in 2002, but we’ve only just begun to explore our potential. We refuse
to rest on our laurels or become complacent. We have a sharp, unwavering focus on our strategic priorities and we’re intent on executing them at every level of the business. When it comes to driving profitable growth and creating shareholder value, we’re still hungry.
Sincerely,
Philip L. Francis Chairman and CEO
“We’ve made enormous strides in transforming PETsMART from a task-driven company to a culture of customer focus.”
 3
 