                                         April 26, 2004
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
In 2003, we made strides in our quest to drive strong, sustainable results, and we set the foundation
for the next phase of our evolution—building a powerful brand.
For the year, PETsMART earned $0.95 per share, compared to $0.63 per share in 2002. Topline sales grew 11.2 percent year over year, and comparable store sales increased 7.0 percent. Our pet services business continued to surpass expectations, growing at 25.4 percent for the year. And, we generated $246.4 million in cash from operations, further strengthening our balance sheet and our ability to finance new growth initiatives.
We ended the year with 60 net new stores, giving us a presence in nearly all of North America’s
top 60 markets. In 2004, we will open 90 net new stores, adding up to annual square footage growth of about 12 percent.
We completed reformats of virtually every store in the chain, changing the shopping experience in ways that matter to our customer, driving returns and further differentiating PETsMART from the competition. The format is flexible and gives
“Once pet parents discover our services, they do not leave us.”
us the ability to easily adapt to an ever-changing marketplace. In 2004, we’re building on that format. By the fourth quarter, each of our stores will have new in-store signage that’s designed
to improve our communications with customers. And, we’re testing other in-store enhancements to make our stores easier to shop and to build long-term relationships with our customers.
Pet services continue to be an engine of profitable growth and give us the opportunity to create and enhance our relationships with our customers. And, once pet parents discover our services, they do not leave us. Our pet services are three times more profitable than the core store and have consistently grown at or above our target of 20 percent. We expect these growth rates to continue for at least the next two years. Our customers trust us, and by providing high-quality grooming and training services, we’ve earned the right to move into new service adjacencies.
2

                                            Robert F. Moran Philip L. Francis
President and Chief Operating Officer Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
At PETsMART, taking care of pets is who we are. From our educated and caring associates, to our customer-friendly stores, to our powerful blend of pet services—PETsMART is the place for the Total Lifetime CareTM of pets.
3

                                         During the year, we expanded the test of the PETsMART PETsHOTELS,M a unique boarding and day care concept. We opened six additional locations inside our larger PETsMART stores and incorporated one hotel into the construction of a new store. Based on the results of our small initial test, we believe the PETsHOTEL concept is working and we’re expanding the test to an additional 14 or so hotels in 2004.
When it comes to customer relationships, our associates are our most powerful asset. That’s why we’re continuing to make investments in associate education. We’ve enhanced our hiring and training programs to bring in and keep the highest quality candidates in our stores. In 2004 and beyond, we’re dedicated to ensuring our associates have the tools they need to provide our customers with superior service and solutions.
Over the next two years, we’ll rollout a customer relationship marketing program to better meet our customers’ unique needs. These concepts have the potential to increase business and reinforce PETsMART’s position as the destination for the Total Lifetime Care for pets.
“When it comes to customer relationships, our associates are our most powerful asset.”
In addition to all we’ve accomplished and all that’s ahead, I’d like to point out the lives saved through PETsMART Charities® Adoption Centers. Taking care of pets is who we are and we’re committed to making a difference in the communities we serve. In 2003, more than 311,000 homeless pets found families through our in-store adoption centers— and I’m very proud of that.
Our accomplishments in 2003 were many, and we’re bullish about PETsMART’s ability to build long-term relationships with our customers—relationships that translate into continued profitability and returns for our shareholders.
Sincerely,
Philip L. Francis
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 4
