 OUR IMPACT ANNUAL REVIEW 2010
An enduring, positive impact.
Ian C. Read
President & CEO
TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS
It is an honor for me to lead Pfizer at this important time
for both our company and the industry. I’ve spent my entire career at Pfizer and during this time I have seen the industry change and evolve in terms of customers’ needs, regulatory standards and where growth occurs. Among these changes, one of the most important has been the increasing pressure from payers, governments and society to deliver greater
value. That’s why I believe there is a fundamental question facing the industry and Pfizer. Simply stated, it is: Do we have
a research model that will consistently produce results that improve the lives of patients and create value for shareholders?
 Pfizer Annual Review 2010 www.pfizer.com/annual Letter 1

 OUR IMPACT ANNUAL REVIEW 2010
Pfizer is answering this fundamental question. We are taking the hard decisions
that will improve the performance of our innovative core. We are focusing our
R&D on human disease mechanisms in the areas where we believe we can win; we are strengthening our processes inside of research to help ensure we only bring differentiated medicines to market; we are applying rigor in how we manage our portfolio; and we are being disciplined in how we deploy capital. We are choosing
the right science to create the next generation of medicines and vaccines that matter most to the people we serve and we are bringing some of the industry’s best scientific minds together to solve the most difficult health challenges of our time.
In my first letter to you as Pfizer’s CEO, I’ll summarize our performance in 2010 and talk about the four imperatives that are driving the actions we are taking to address the challenges we face. I am optimistic about Pfizer’s future because I believe we will create value in the short and long term by generating products that are innovative and science-driven, making the right capital allocation decisions, continuing to promote a culture of confidence and trust, and earning respect from society. There has never been a more dynamic or exciting period in Pfizer’s history and I look forward to leading our company as we enter this new chapter.
2010: Continuing to Deliver on Our Commitments
In 2010 we met or exceeded our revenue and earnings per share goals. Pfizer had record sales of $67.8 billion, driven by an increasingly diverse portfolio of products. Our Biopharmaceutical organization, focused on prescription-only human health products, delivered $58.5 billion in sales, up 29 percent over 2009. This growth was largely driven by the addition of Wyeth’s products. Our Diversified businesses, which include our Animal Health, Consumer Healthcare, Nutrition and Capsugel units, were greatly strengthened by the addition of Wyeth brands and collectively delivered $9.0 billion
in sales, up 114 percent over 2009. We also stayed on track to achieve our previously announced, multiyear cost-reduction goal of approximately $4 billion to $5 billion by the end of 2012,1 achieving more than $2 billion of these cost reductions in 2010.
Pfizer’s adjusted diluted earnings per share2 of $2.23 exceeded our guidance for
the year. To directly enhance shareholder value, in December 2010 Pfizer’s Board of Directors approved an 11 percent increase in the first-quarter 2011 dividend to 20 cents a share and in January 2011 increased the funds authorized for share buybacks to $9 billion. We expect to repurchase approximately $5 billion of common stock during 2011, with the remaining authorized amount available in 2012 and beyond.
1 Based on 2008 average foreign exchange rates, in comparison with the 2008 pro forma adjusted total costs (see footnote 2) of legacy Pfizer and legacy Wyeth operations, and not including the impact of the planned reduction in R&D expenditures announced in February 2011.
2 “Adjusted income” and its components and “adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS)” are defined as “reported net income” and its components and “reported diluted EPS” excluding purchase-accounting adjustments, acquisition-related costs, discontinued operations and certain significant items. “Adjusted total costs” represents the total of “adjusted cost of sales,” “adjusted SI&A expenses” and “adjusted R&D expenses,” which are income statement line items prepared on the same basis
as and are components of the overall “adjusted income” measure. The definitions of “reported net income” and “reported diluted EPS,” certain uses by management of the “adjusted income” measure, and a reconciliation of 2010 “adjusted income” and its components and “adjusted diluted EPS” to 2010 “reported net income” and its components and “reported diluted EPS” are provided in Pfizer’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 1, 2011. Additional information regarding our 2010 financial performance is provided in Pfizer’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010. These reports can be found on www.pfizer.com in the “Investors-SEC Filings” section. The “adjusted income” and its components and “adjusted diluted EPS” measures are not, and should not be viewed as, substitutes for “reported net income” and its components and “reported diluted EPS.”
IAN C. READ
Named President and CEO and elected to Board of Directors, December 2010
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
Group President, Worldwide Biopharmaceuticals Businesses, 2006-2010
Led commercial businesses in Europe, Canada, Latin America, Africa and Middle East Regions, 2000-2006
Led Latin America and Canada businesses, 1996-2000
Country Manager of Brazil, 1993-1995
Joined Pfizer in 1978 as an operational auditor, worked primarily in Latin America
Trained as a chemical engineer, certified as a Chartered Accountant
OTHER BOARD MEMBERSHIP
Kimberly-Clark
     Pfizer Annual Review 2010 www.pfizer.com/annual
Letter 2

 OUR IMPACT ANNUAL REVIEW 2010
Pfizer also met expectations in 2010 in other key performance indicators
that companies in our industry are increasingly adopting. These encompass environmental sustainability, investments in treatments for neglected diseases and improvement in access to medicines.
Robust Sales, Wider Scope, Important Partnerships
We have been working to increase Pfizer’s product mix and geographic presence.
In 2010 Pfizer had 15 brands that surpassed the $1 billion mark in sales, a record
for our industry. Growth in our patented portfolio was driven by important medicines such as Sutent, Lyrica, Prevnar and Enbrel. We widened our geographic scope with
a focus on emerging markets, where half of the world’s population lives and where there is rising economic wealth. In 2010 our Biopharmaceutical revenues in emerging markets exceeded $8.5 billion,3 up 41 percent over 2009, and, for the first time, we achieved more than $1 billion of annual revenue in both China and Brazil.
During 2010 close interaction among our development, medical, external
affairs and commercialization teams helped boost registrations for Prevnar 134 for pediatric use to more than 80 countries and launches to more than 55 countries. This new vaccine, which helps protect infants and young children from pneumococcal disease, became our fourth-largest-selling product in its first full year since its commercial introduction, and is now available to millions of infants and young children in developed, emerging and developing nations.
We also saw developments in our late-stage pipeline during 2010, including the regulatory filing for Prevnar 13 for adult use in the U.S. and European Union, and encouraging late-stage results from our JAK inhibitor, tofacinitib, being developed
to treat rheumatoid arthritis and other conditions; from crizotinib, bosutinib and axitinib for certain kinds of cancers; and from apixaban, which we are developing with Bristol-Myers Squibb as a new anticoagulant. We will continue to track these
key late-stage assets throughout 2011.
We remained active in striking partnerships and alliances that continue diversifying our product portfolio and geographic reach. Partnerships announced in 2010 included an in-licensing agreement with Biocon designed to provide more alternatives to the world’s diabetes patients, and an alliance with Keas that offers personalized care plans directly to patients. We also announced several strategic acquisitions, including King Pharmaceuticals, to supplement our pain-management portfolio and drug-delivery technologies, and Synbiotics Corporation, to provide Pfizer’s animal health business with a foothold in the fast-growing veterinary immunodiagnostics sector. We formed a new partnership with Teuto, a Brazilian company that helps us reach more patients in a key emerging market with branded and unbranded generics. We also advanced our partnerships with numerous governments and foundations to increase access to health care, immunize millions of children with the latest pneumococcal vaccine, and help alleviate human suffering from diseases such as malaria and blinding trachoma.
3 Emerging Markets include, but are not limited to, Asia (excluding South Korea and Japan), Latin America, Africa, Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Russia and Turkey.
4 Known as Prevenar 13 in most markets outside the U.S.
One of my top priorities
is to encourage and maintain a culture where colleagues share their diverse ideas, take initiative, act with an entrepreneurial spirit, give their best each day and believe Pfizer is
a great place to work.
  Pfizer Annual Review 2010 www.pfizer.com/annual
Letter 3

 OUR IMPACT ANNUAL REVIEW 2010
Opportunities, But Also Challenges
We fully recognize the complexity of the challenges we face over the next several years and are prepared to address them by focusing on four imperatives that will allow us to distinguish ourselves from others in our industry.
Imperatives for Building Value
• Be a Leader in Science and Innovation: Marshal and manage our deep resources
to generate products that are both innovative and science-driven and can profoundly impact health.
• Continue to Use Our Financial and Commercial Strength to Enhance Competitiveness: Take the right actions that allocate capital and leverage our commercial strength to produce profitable growth and create value for patients, health care providers, payers and shareholders.
• Earn Respect from Society: Enhance credibility and trust by acting with integrity and helping to expand access to health care.
• Create a Culture of Confidence and Trust: Develop ourselves as a learning organization, rooted in strong values, and driven by initiative, collaboration and accountability.
Leadership in Science and Innovation
We must create a sustainable platform for growth through science and innovation. Improving the performance of our innovative core is essential, and we are taking decisive steps to do that. In 2010 we centralized our global R&D team under the leadership of Dr. Mikael Dolsten. On February 1, 2011 we announced an acceleration of our R&D strategy, which sharpens our research focus on the areas that give us the best promise of scientific and commercial success. At the center of this strategy, we will sustain or increase our investments in neuroscience; cardiovascular, metabolic and endocrine diseases; oncology; inflammation and immunology; and vaccines. These areas will be augmented by the advantaged technologies delivered by Rinat and CovX, two biotechnology organizations acquired by Pfizer within the past five years. We
are also establishing teams dedicated to treatments for pain and sensory disorders, and the advancement of follow-on biologics, also referred to as biosimilars, that are differentiated based on quality, manufacturing platforms and the value offered to patients. This represents a new growth opportunity for Pfizer.
Our mix of research projects is shifting to a greater proportion of large molecules (protein-based biologicals) and conjugate vaccines, where we have strong scientific expertise and higher potential for commercialization. Pfizer’s R&D pipeline is rich
in Phase I and Phase II entries aimed at important unmet medical needs such as Alzheimer’s disease, cancer, pain and vaccines, and backed by more proof of the mechanisms of action than ever before. With biomedical science advancing on all fronts, we are working more collaboratively with academic medical centers and other pharmaceutical and biotech companies in ways that allow us to share risk and gain access to new knowledge and technologies.
Pfizer Annual Review 2010 www.pfizer.com/annual Letter 4

 OUR IMPACT ANNUAL REVIEW 2010
Our R&D strategy is designed to strengthen our engine for innovation, provide
a better mix of therapeutic approaches, deliver greater numbers of differentiated products, yield a higher return on R&D investment, and build a culture focused more intensely on ownership and accountability.
Strong Financial and Commercial Competitiveness
We are organized around customer-focused business units, which makes us a more adept and responsive organization. The leaders in each business unit know the health care environments they operate in, country by country, understand payers’ concerns, and have critical insights about the needs of health care providers and patients. Using this knowledge, and through close collaboration with the research units, these leaders are responsible for making the right decisions on how to best allocate a major portion of our resources, and have accountability for late-stage product development and for making smart investment choices. By ensuring that a deep understanding of customers informs our research, we have become an industry leader in emerging markets and remain competitively positioned in the mature European Union and U.S. markets.
Just as we are moving forward decisively in research, we are also reviewing the value- creation potential of our portfolio of businesses by assessing their worth today and potential for creating value over the next several years. The mere fact that we have size and scale will not be a driver for how we make decisions. We will take the actions that maximize the value created by the business units so that the whole of Pfizer is greater than the sum of our individual parts.
Earning Respect From Society
I firmly believe that credibility—doing what we say we will do, and integrity—doing the right things, enhance respect for Pfizer and open doors for our company around the world. We are a leader in an important sector—health care—and work in one of the world’s most complex, highly regulated industries. I know that a Pfizer that is well respected by society will lead to new opportunities that accrue to the benefit of all our stakeholders.
We are earning respect and trust by delivering on our commitments and continuing to listen and learn from our customers and other stakeholders, including groups that monitor our commercial practices. In 2010 we modified a number of our practices to provide more clarity and disclosure on payments that we make to health care professionals to do commissioned research or provide physician education. We also issued a report on our contributions to advancing the UN Millennium Development Goals, which delineate a set of global priorities in alleviating poverty, taking care of the environment and improving maternal and child health.
In 2010 we invested heavily in training for all colleagues on the importance of integrity in all actions. In addition, we are refining a number of our processes to ensure stronger oversight. For example, in 2010 we completed the implementation of a new adverse event reporting system and launched a top-to-bottom recasting of our clinical trial process designed to ensure that we are complying with all applicable laws and regulations.
Pfizer Annual Review 2010 www.pfizer.com/annual Letter 5

 OUR IMPACT ANNUAL REVIEW 2010
Creating a Culture of Confidence and Trust
In my 33 years with Pfizer, I have seen firsthand the highly competitive environment we face everywhere we operate. I know that all the major companies in our industry have outstanding talent. It’s how we, as leaders, engage that talent that makes the difference.
One of my top priorities is to encourage and maintain a culture where colleagues share their diverse ideas, take initiative, act with an entrepreneurial spirit, give their best each day and believe Pfizer is a great place to work. My message to our colleagues is that they have the opportunity to make a difference in the lives of millions of people while shaping the future of a world-class organization. This great opportunity comes with equally great responsibilities: work with integrity, be accountable for results and deliver for all of our stakeholders.
Milestones
Late in 2010 Jeff Kindler, Pfizer’s Chairman and CEO, retired from the company. He helped build much of our current foundation for growth, including our business unit structure and our landmark acquisition of Wyeth. I want to thank Jeff for his passionate leadership during his nine years with Pfizer.
Following Jeff’s retirement, the Board determined that the designation of an independent, non-executive Chairman is optimal for the company at the present time and elected independent Director George A. Lorch as Non-Executive Chairman of
the Board of Directors. George and I have a close working relationship. I know he will continue to be a strong advocate for Pfizer’s shareholders.
Two of our Directors will retire in April 2011. Robert N. Burt, a Director who joined us from the Board of Warner-Lambert, served on nearly all of the Board’s key committees, and led the Audit Committee during the critical years when Sarbanes-Oxley regulations went into effect. All of us are grateful for Bob’s leadership, insight and dedication
to Pfizer.
William C. Steere, Jr., Pfizer’s Chairman Emeritus since 2001, has been part of Pfizer for 52 years, joining us as a sales representative in 1959 and climbing the ranks to become Chairman and CEO, serving from 1991 to 2001. He led an era that saw Pfizer move from the 14th largest pharmaceutical company in the world to an unquestioned No. 1, largely on the strength of science and innovation.
Nat Ricciardi, President of Pfizer Global Manufacturing, announced that he will retire effective April 1, 2011. Nat began his 39-year career on the night shift of the Brooklyn plant and rose to lead the world’s largest biopharmaceutical production network. I am grateful for Nat’s leadership of our respected production and supply team, and especially for his commitment to developing people throughout Pfizer.
GEORGE A. LORCH
Independent Pfizer Director
Elected Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors in December 2010
Elected to Pfizer’s Board in 2000 and to Warner-Lambert’s Board in 1997
Chairman Emeritus, Armstrong Holdings, 2000 to present
Joined Armstrong World Industries in 1963, rose to become its CEO and President in 1993
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science, Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University
OTHER BOARD MEMBERSHIPS
Autoliv, Williams Companies, Masonite International, Inc.
(a non-public company), HSBC Finance Co. and HSBC North America Holding Company (non-public, wholly owned subsidiaries of HSBC LLC)
    Pfizer Annual Review 2010 www.pfizer.com/annual
Letter 6

 OUR IMPACT ANNUAL REVIEW 2010
Commitments Made, Commitments Kept—But More to Do
I invite you to explore our first integrated Annual Review and Corporate Responsibility Report, which is posted to www.pfizer.com and provides more detail on our activities in 2010.
Pfizer had a good year, but we know we have much, much more to do. We will continue to make progress in creating a Pfizer that is both successful and sustainable. We did much in 2010 to manage our costs, reduce our dependence on a few large products, speed up our innovation and bring our products to new markets. We announced additional steps in February 2011 to help put the company on a firm course toward our third century.
I am confident that we are investing in the right areas, taking the right actions and building the right kind of culture. I firmly believe Pfizer has an enduring role to play in meeting humanity’s most important priority—better health—and I look forward with great enthusiasm to our future.
Ian C. Read President and CEO February 24, 2011
  Pfizer Annual Review 2010 www.pfizer.com/annual Letter 7
