LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
In 2009, the continued economic crisis and market volatility tested our resilience. It was a difficult year—for everyone. But being ready kept The Principal® strong. And staying ready means we’re well positioned for growth.
 Ready to take action
In 2009, The Principal benefited from the same fundamentals that have guided our business and ensured success since 1879, including:
n Our legacy of strong enterprise risk management,
which has kept our exposure to risk at a
manageable level.
n Our well-diversified, high-quality investment portfolio,
disciplined portfolio management and strong asset- liability matching, which allowed us to hold investments to maturity.
Smart decisions throughout the year demonstrated we were ready to take action as the crisis evolved:
n Every employee of The Principal contributed as we
worked to align expenses with declining revenues. Together, we exceeded our goal, reducing our operating expenses by $375 million, or 12 percent.
n We strengthened our capital position with capital raises totaling $1.9 billion. This demonstrated
the confidence equity and debt investors have in our company, our performance and our strategy.
n We increased liquidity by $4 billion during the worst of the crisis from April 2008 through September 2009.
Through these decisive actions, we demonstrated our ability to manage our business effectively and respond swiftly to environmental changes.
Ready to help customers and financial advisors
when they needed us most
The past year was a testament to our dedicated employees. While facing the same difficult financial realities as everyone else, they rallied to help customers and advisors when it mattered most.
for advisors – Advisors have never been more important to The Principal, and their jobs have never been more demanding. More than 64 percent of individuals use a professional financial advisor1.
We reached out to help make their jobs easier, offering expert perspective and resources so advisors could better assist clients and build their business.
2 the principal financial group

 for businesses – We offer a variety of solutions that enabled businesses to continue providing quality benefits even as their budgets tightened. Demonstrating our commitment to the real and immediate needs growing businesses faced in 2009, we:
n Unbundled some of our accumulation products/ services to provide more flexibility and cost control
n Made voluntary benefits more accessible
n Eliminated or significantly lowered rate increases
on some insurance offerings for our smaller business clients
for individuals – Our worksite representatives conducted more than 58,000 one-on-one meetings, addressing individual concerns and helping customers build and protect their long-term financial security. And throughout 2009 we paid out $2.4 billion in insurance-related claims, delivering on our promises and making sure our customers were taken care of in their times of need.
1The Financial Advisor’s Role in Retirement, LIMRA, 2009 2Including accumulated other comprehensive income per share
To all our constituents, we offered thought leadership throughout the year, sharing our expertise on everything from the economic outlook to asset management, income protection and retirement income management.
Ready to deliver solid results in a difficult environment
The economic recession, especially job losses, impacted our sales and premiums in 2009, but we’re proud of the resilience our business has shown:
n Operating earnings for the year totaled $804 million,
down only 15 percent—a strong result during the
most difficult economic conditions in 75 years.
n Net income improved significantly, up 39 percent
from 2008 at $590 million.
n Assets under management (AUM) rebounded to
$285 billion from $247 billion in 2008. Reflecting continued strong growth in our international businesses, non-U.S. assets now make up 23 percent of total AUM.
n And book value per share2 more than tripled from a year ago to $23.05 as of Dec. 31, 2009.
 the principal financial group 3
Larry Zimpleman
Chairman, President and CEO
 
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 There are definite signs of economic improvement, but recovery is likely to be slow; growth in the job markets will be key to our results returning to more normal levels.
Ready for the future
Our strategy to focus on the financial security needs of growing businesses and their employees is more relevant than ever. While guiding our business through the challenges of 2009, we were also preparing The Principal for growth in the United States and around the world.
n In the United States, 78 million baby boomers are approaching or entering retirement3, so our full service accumulation business is key. Our Principal Total Retirement SuiteSm remains a competitive advantage, representing 65 percent of 2009 sales. We introduced Principal Retirement Income EdgeSm to provide advisors a complete set of resources, tools and products to meet the increasing need to manage retirement income. And new relationships with alliance partners merrill Lynch and Ameriprise mean our distribution reach has never been stronger.
n Principal International grew market share in Brazil, mexico, Chile and malaysia in 2009. The company now has operations in nine countries with large middle-class populations where expected asset growth is greater than the United States. The future potential is great; we expect continued growth as middle-class populations increase. Positioning ourselves for
the long-term, we’ve signed a memorandum of Understanding to extend our joint venture agreement in Brazil for 23 years.
n Principal Global Investors’ multi-boutique strategy continues to be a differentiator for us. With strong expertise in multiple asset classes, we’re well-
positioned regardless of where the market opportunities evolve. And we continue to earn new business from some of the largest pension and sovereign wealth funds, including Japan’s Government Pension Investment Fund.
n In our insurance businesses, we’re addressing customers’ increased desire to protect their financial security in the wake of the recent crisis. Sales in
our voluntary benefits business are on the rise (up
19 percent in 2009), meaning more companies are tapping into this affordable way to provide meaningful benefits. Additionally, we made significant progress in transitioning our health business, establishing proprietary networks in several key states, with more planned for 2010.
We’re excited about our future and our ability to meet advisor and customer needs and generate shareholder value—whatever the future throws at us.
 4 the principal financial group
3U.S. Bureau of the Census
ß Risk management is an area of real distinction for
The Principal. Throughout more than 130 years in business, we’ve focused on thoughtful and prudent decision-
making to keep the company strong. Critical to our
risk management is a constant, multi-directional flow of communication. We’re continuously sharing thoughts and ideas on where and how the company should grow...
and where it shouldn’t.
All employees play a role. The breadth of experience and perspectives offered by so many employees—at all levels— makes us stronger and our decisions smarter. Pictured here are just a few of the many individuals working each day to effectively manage risk at The Principal.

 left to right
Ellen Lamale, Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer
Lou Flori, Vice President— Capital Markets
Zimpleman
Chris Freese, Vice President
and Chief Actuary
Randi Woods, Assistant Vice President and Actuary
Julia Lawler, Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer
Dwight Soethout, Chief Financial Officer—Retirement and Investor Services
Are you ready?
What matters most is how The Principal can help our customers manage their financial security. Our advice:
Start with a solid plan. Surround yourself with trusted advisors. Protect yourself from too much risk. Stay focused on the long-term. Don’t panic. make smart decisions. make tough decisions. Focus on what you can control. Be patient. Adjust your plan as needed. Don’t get distracted. Be ready for anything.
Are you ready?
We want to help. Read Pages 6-13 for examples of how we’re helping advisors and customers prepare now for financial security.
Thank you
Though our economic challenges are not over, we firmly believe our best days are ahead... for all of us.
We’re sincerely grateful for your continued investment in us and your support through these unprecedented times. As always, your opinions are important to us. Every comment is reviewed and addressed by our customer liaison, with assistance from my office or appropriate business representatives. Please continue to share your thoughts.
And please be sure to cast your vote in time for the Annual meeting of Shareholders, may 18, 2010.
Larry Zimpleman
ChAIRmAn, PRESIDEnT AnD ChIEF ExECUTIvE OFFICER
 the principal financial group 5
