2 | 2011 year in review | PrIncIPaL FInancIaL GrOuP
to our shareholders
   2011 marked 10 years since
The Principal completed its initial public offering.
Becoming a public company set the stage for a decade of growth as The Principal continued its evolution from a largely insurance-based organization to a global investment management leader.
What was aspirational then has become a reality. The challenges we faced in that decade made us stronger. The decisions we made continue to set the stage for future growth.
Our proven strategy plus our ability to execute times 10 years equals tremendous success. That’s the power of The Principal.
larry zimpleman
chaIrman, PresIdenT and chIeF execuTIve OFFIcer
 
PrIncIPaL FInancIaL GrOuP | 2011 year in review | 3
 THE POWER OF 10 YEARS
reflecting on the 10th anniversary of becoming a public company, I can’t help but think back to the strategy we laid out for growth and the long-term success of the company. at the time, we were largely an insurance-based company and a retirement leader
in the united states. Our goal was to accelerate growth in our u.s. defined contribution businesses and drive growth and profitability in our international businesses. Our strategy was to continue what we were doing so successfully in the united states— building out our advisor-based distribution platform to provide leading employer-based retirement and protection solutions to the underserved small and medium-sized business market.
In addition, we established a strategy to become a leading global investment manager and to expand our international operations.
Fast forward 10 years to 2011.
n We are a global investment management leader— managing portfolios for investors in nearly 60 countries.
Think global. Act local.
Going public gave us access to capital and the identity we needed to accelerate the growth of our business in the united states and around the world. It gave us the foundation to turn our aspirations into reality.
at the end of 2001, only 6 percent of total company earnings came from Principal Global Investors and Principal International. In just 10 years, that grew to 26 percent.
Principal International alone grew from breaking even in 2001 to earning more than $150 million in 2011. It’s been a transformative time for The Principal, to say the least.
as middle class populations grow at a rapid pace
in emerging markets, such as china, India and Brazil, we’re helping families plan for and achieve the financial dreams they might not have ever thought possible.
we’ve remained committed to helping growing businesses and individuals achieve their financial dreams.
 n We have achieved strong growth—
more than tripling assets under
management and nearly doubling
operating earnings as we continue to shift
to a more fee-based business model. Throughout that time, and just as we have for
more than 132 years, we’ve remained committed to helping customers achieve their financial dreams.
day after day. year after year.
In the united states we’ve grown our retirement and long-term savings businesses through a strong local distribution network, as well as through our alliance relationships. We’ve grown in emerging international markets by aligning with top-tier distribution partners, including:
n china construction Bank, the second largest commercial bank in the world
n Banco do Brasil, the largest bank in
Latin america

4 | 2011 year in review | PrIncIPaL FInancIaL GrOuP
 n cImB Group, the fifth largest banking group by assets in southeast asia
n Punjab national Bank, the second largest public sector bank in India
The success we’ve achieved in Principal
International is only part of the outstanding international growth we’ve achieved in the last 10 years. We’ve also successfully executed a multi- boutique strategy in Principal Global Investors to provide a broad range of asset classes, investment styles and portfolio structures. The result? We now manage portfolios for investors around the world, spanning nearly 60 countries and including 10 of the world’s 25 largest pension plans.1
here we are today, stronger than ever and poised for continued long-term growth.
Looking back on 2011
now, 10 years since going public, The Principal is at the strongest financial position in our 132-year history. We entered 2011 with a sense of optimism—u.s. and most global markets were up, we saw increasing signs of growth and momentum in our businesses and the u.s. economy was starting to rebuild.
Optimism continued throughout the year, and despite external challenges, including choppy market conditions, the widening of credit spreads and a low interest rate environment, 2011 results were solid.
n Total company operating earnings were
$878 million as of dec. 31, 2011.
n assets under management ended the year at
$335 billion.
more importantly, the fundamentals of our business remained strong in 2011. Growth metrics such as sales, client retention and net cash flows increased across our businesses, contributing to increased momentum going into 2012.
n Full service accumulation had its second highest
sales year on record at $8.4 billion, an increase of 27 percent over 2010, as well as record client retention, resulting in positive net cash flows of $3.8 billion.
n Principal Funds had record sales of $11.2 billion, an increase of 20 percent over 2010, and record net cash flows of $2.2 billion.
n Principal Global Investors had $11 billion in mandates awarded in 2011, more than double
the amount awarded in 2010.
n
Principal International ended the year with assets under management of $52.8 billion,
 n
including record net cash flows of $5.5 billion.
Individual Life sales were $186 million in 2011 and specialty Benefits division sales
were $285 million, both double-digit increases over 2010.
These strong results demonstrate our ability to execute our strategy and focus on the things we can control. In our 132-year history we’ve faced many headwinds and have weathered two of the worst financial crises in u.s. history. yet here we are today, stronger than ever and poised for continued long-term growth.
2011: a year of focused execution
I am very pleased with how well our employees executed on our strategy in 2011, which is reflected in strong sales and customer retention. another key example of the company’s ability to execute is our deployment of capital throughout 2011.
1 Principal Global Investors manages assets for 10 of the 25 largest world pension plans. The list is derived from “P&I/Watson Wyatt World 300: The Largest retirement Funds” report on the largest pension plans dated sept. 5, 2011 compared to our internal records.

PrIncIPaL FInancIaL GrOuP | 2011 year in review | 5
 The company’s fee-based business model generates increasing amounts of free cash flow, which allows
us to invest in our businesses and increase value for shareholders. The Principal started and ended the year with $1.6 billion of excess capital, while deploying more than $1.1 billion of capital throughout 2011, including:
n $550 million on opportunistic share repurchase
n $214 million on a common stock dividend
n $350 million on strategic acquisitions
In 2011 we announced and closed on three strategic acquisitions that were well aligned with our global investment management strategy:
n Principal Global Investors acquired a majority
stake in Finisterre capital and Origin asset management, which are asset management firms based in London with an emphasis on emerging and global developed markets, areas of strong demand from institutional investors.
n Principal International acquired the hsBc aFOre. This acquisition adds scale to our mandatory defined contribution operations in mexico and makes The Principal the seventh largest aFOre in mexico. It also gives us an exclusive five-year distribution agreement with hsBc-mexico, which boasts mexico’s fourth largest distribution platform.
The power of The nexT 10 years
rapid change is inevitable over the next 10 years. The Principal is ready. We’ll continue to:
n Grow as a global investment management leader n shift to a more fee-based business model,
generating increasing amounts of excess capital for
strategic acquisitions or return to shareholders n Become a more globally diversified company
and we’ll continue to work hard to help growing businesses and individuals in the united states and around the world reach their financial dreams.
The 10 years since The Principal went public
have been sometimes challenging but always exciting. But there is no doubt our best times are ahead of us, and I can’t wait to see what’s in store.
We have the right strategy.
We’re in the right markets.
We actively and effectively manage risk. and we have talented, focused employees.
as we mark this important anniversary, I would like to thank our employees for their dedication over the years. and on behalf of the board of directors, I’d like to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support and your confidence in us going forward. Please be sure to cast your vote in time for the annual meeting of shareholders on may 22, 2012.
Larry Zimpleman
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  Trends we’ve seen coming for a long time and have built our strategy around have firmly taken hold. Those trends, 10 of them, are outlined in the following pages.
