                TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
During 2006, Performance Food Group made great strides toward uniting our operating companies into an organization managed through standardized practices and initiatives. We delivered a 29% increase in earnings per share, reflecting operational improvements and the completion of our effort to return a significant portion of the proceeds from the sale of our fresh-cut segment to our shareholders. We increased our efforts in growing sales to independent restaurants amid modest industry growth and continued to invest in our people and new technology. In short, 2006 was a year of Moving Forward.
Our forward-thinking approach continued PFG’s transition from a decentralized family of operating companies into a more centralized structure with corporate-wide standards, metrics, systems and training. This approach has helped us improve in several key areas:
Operational Excellence—We continue to improve our standards for customer service by focusing on order accuracy and on-time delivery to our customers. Getting it right and exceeding our customer’s expectations are key differentiators for PFG. Our customized distribution segment continues to be the industry leader in managing distribution to many of America’s favorite casual dining restaurants.
Higher Margin Sales to Independent Operators—During 2006, we shifted our mix of business toward a greater percentage of sales to independent restaurant customers.
We hired and trained over 100 new sales associates, while increasing our service offerings through programs that help drive restaurant profitability.
Category Management—As our company migrates towards a “single platform,” we began to derive synergies in 2006 by managing our procurement efforts on a national basis. While this initiative will drive results over the next several years, I am pleased with our progress in this area.
At the core of our transformation into a more unified company lies a shift toward a more metrics-based standardized structure. Our operating companies will continue to have the flexibility to provide market-driven customer service and procurement while operating from a core benchmarked corporate standard. This structure has allowed us to create greater consistency with respect to operations, recruiting, training, and category management in our broadline business. The strategy for an integrated system of standards has long been a key differentiator for our customized business. To further reinforce our initiatives, we introduced a “PFG University” designed to teach and promote “the PFG way.”
Additionally, our transformation is beginning to pay dividends from a procurement perspective. By uniting our procurement efforts nationally, we believe we can better leverage our collective size and reduce cost of goods, improve margins and increase the value we provide to our customers. Long term, we believe this leverage will be a significant contributor to our operating margin improvement.
2006 SHAREHOLDER LETTER
3
www.global-reports.com

                PFG’s commitment to operational excellence is evident throughout our organization and most importantly to our customers. As someone who grew up in this business, I am at heart an “operations guy,” and I recognize that investments in improving the consistency and effectiveness of our operations—training and technology, warehouse and transportation systems—will not only enable us to deliver the highest levels of customer service but also have a very tangible impact on our operating margins. We have made investments in on-board computer systems with GPS tracking capability in our delivery fleet, in web-based matrix and volume-based pricing to our independent restaurants, in on-line sales management tools, and in recruiting, training and retaining the industry’s best people.
The emphasis on higher margins is driving another core element of our strategy: a concentrated focus on increasing our overall mix of higher margin “street sales.” By focusing on providing high levels of service and added value to independent restaurant operators, we can realize the greatest return on our products and service. At the same time, we can deepen customer relationships that will endure and grow into the future. To better serve more of our existing and new customers, we invested in the expansion of our sales force in 2006—to approximately 1,050 PFG street sales associates across the country. Trained the “PFG way,” our sales force will continue to work closely with our customers, serving their immediate needs and helping them to grow and enhance their operations. I expect this initiative will be a significant component in our long term margin expansion.
The investment in our associates is perhaps the single most important investment that we make. With the talents and dedication of PFG’s associates, we are able to make measurable progress in transforming our company and capitalizing on the opportunities that lie ahead. Our associates have embraced the operational—and in some cases, cultural— changes that have taken place. They have forged deeper relationships with our customers and suppliers, sharing their expertise and insights to enhance profitability. They have redoubled their commitment to safety and customer service. And they have made valued contributions to their communities as well as to those areas of the country in need, as evidenced by our multi-year corporate commitment to America’s Second Harvest. Our associates are the heart of Performance Food Group, and they are the source of our greatest pride.
Moving forward, we will continue to focus on our strategies for improving profitability, enhancing efficiencies and fostering growth. As new acquisition opportunities present themselves, we will ensure that they are consistent with our corporate values, standards of excellence and accountability, and our commitment to our customers and associates. Performance Food Group is moving forward, and our best is still before us.
Sincerely,
STEVEN L. SPINNER
President and Chief Executive Officer
4
www.global-reports.com
