 2
Dear Fellow Stakeholder
This year, we are directing our letter to everyone with a stake in the success of Performance Food Group: shareholders, associates, customers, suppliers, and, of course, potential investors. Here at Performance Food Group, we truly believe that we are “all in this together,” and we want to share the good news about our com- pany with all of you.
Financial Success in
an Environment of Change
We are pleased with the robust performance of our company during 2002, especially in light of the many economic, financial and security challenges facing our nation. Overall, our sales continued at high levels throughout the year, just as they had the year before.
We believe that over the last two years, the foodservice indus- try and Performance Food Group in particular, have proven to be recession-resistant. The reasons why are relatively easy to see: Our company, suppliers and customers deliver excellent quali- ty food at competitive prices. As eating out has become a way of life in America, the general public has rewarded us by continuing to purchase our foodservice products at leading restaurants, hotels and other foodservice facilities throughout the nation.
Looking back at the fourth quarter of the year just com- pleted, we are pleased to note it was our 32nd consecutive quarter in which net sales, as well as net earnings, increased compared with prior-year quarters. The fourth quarter also produced sales of more than $1 billion for the third consecutive quarter.
A Simple, Effective Business Strategy
The business strategy we have adopted is relatively simple and was validated once again in 2002. As we continue our strategy, we believe we will deepen penetration within existing accounts, win new customers, increase our line of value-added strategic brands, focus on product and service innovation, and capitalize on strategic acquisitions. As an example of our deeper penetra- tion within existing accounts, we added approximately 200 units with our customer Ruby Tuesday, and are expected to add an additional 100 units in 2003, and we added 265 units with
TGI Friday’s. A new customer, Mimi’s Café, will add approximate- ly 70 units in 2003. This new business should collectively gen- erate approximately $400 million in additional
annualized sales.
In the area of product development, we are testing a new Fresh Express product line, Real! Fresh! Fruit!, in northern California. We have high hopes for this new product line and we are pleased with the results in this test market to date.
Fresh-cut produce is among the fastest growing categories in supermarkets today. We fully expect the trend toward healthy eating and convenience to drive continued growth. By taking advantage of our position as the industry leader and focusing on process improvements and new, high quality products, we anticipate solid growth in this area for the foreseeable future.
We are also pleased to report that we were able to capitalize on three Broadline acquisitions which added approximately $750 million of annualized sales during 2002. These excellent compa- nies: Quality Foods, Middendorf Meats and TPC are being assim- ilated into the Broadline division of our company.
Of course, none of these accomplishments would have been possible without the hard work and dedication of our 10,000 plus associates. On the frontlines with customers, behind the scenes in our distribution centers and processing centers, or supporting both of these groups in an administrative capacity, we believe our associates help build upon our success every day. We are also proud to note that in addition to focusing on our customers’ needs, our associates continued to donate their time and talents to numerous human services, educational and cul- tural organizations across the country.
Performance Through
Sound Financial Management
Our recent, attractive acquisitions have been an important part of our overall business strategy. Our current return on capital reflects the investment we have made in new acquisitions. We have made significant outlays of capital on these acquisitions

 without having the benefit of a full year of operation and income. We anticipate that our return on capital will continue to improve as we generate returns on these investments. We are committed to showing strong improvements in earnings per share and return on capital. We will continue to make selective, attractive acquisitions as part of our overall growth strategy, and, at the same time, we will work diligently to fully utilize assets already in place.
A Company on the Move
Earlier this year we created our 2003 marketing theme to com- municate where we stand at this point in our growth cycle. The theme is “On-The-Move,” which we believe describes us perfect- ly. With this in mind, we have built this annual report around the ways that we are truly on the move as we discuss our progress, plans and products.
One of the places we have been truly on the move is in the media. We joined the ranks of the Fortune 500 last year, and for the second year in a row we have been included in the Forbes Platinum 400. In addition, Performance Food Group was recognized with a third place ranking in Barron’s survey of the top 500 U.S. firms. We also earned a third place ranking on Fortune’s Most Admired Companies list within our industry. During 2002, we were honored to be listed among Fortune’s 100 fastest-growing companies. We are truly proud of the contri- butions of our associates in achieving these milestones.
Today’s Performance Food Group is a strong, vibrant com- pany. In many ways, this is due to the culture of superior service fueled by the hard work of our associates. They are truly dedicat- ed to a single goal: to make this company the best in the busi- ness. We pledge to do everything in our power to support our associates in this achievement.
        Robert C. Sledd
Chairman
C. Michael Gray
President and Chief Executive Officer
  3
