 Dear Shareholders:
The 2004 year was one of positive growth. We also experienced unique challenges in our business, and we have aggressively addressed them. The commitment of our associates to outstanding customer service has enabled us to generate solid sales increases in each of our business segments. While we did not achieve all of our goals, we made good progress throughout the year, and in the fourth quarter, we realized a solid year-over-year gain in operating profit, setting the stage for positive results in 2005. We are confident that our efforts to strengthen our infrastructure have positioned us favorably for long-term performance. I believe that today we are a stronger and more focused company with a bright future.
2

After a period of aggressive growth—with the purchase of 20 companies over the past 10 years—our pace of acquisitions slowed. This enabled us to focus on integrating and strengthen- ing our internal structure. We are now in a better position to enhance efficiencies, improve operating margins and grow our return on capital. With the recent announcement of the definitive agreement to sell our Fresh-cut segment, we anticipate returning to a singular focus on driving the growth and profitability of our foodservice distribution business.
WELL-POSITIONED IN A
GROWING INDUSTRY
Performance Food Group’s reputation for integrity, outstanding customer service, quality products and innovation has garnered us the respect and loyalty of customers nationwide. We have grown dramatically over the past decade and are now the third largest foodservice distributor in the industry. We anticipate con- tinued growth, not with the goal of becoming the biggest, but simply the best at helping our customers succeed in their busi- ness. We will accomplish this by investing in our associates, our single greatest asset, and by providing them with the tools and resources that they need to be successful in adding value to our relationships with our customers.
The outlook for the foodservice industry continues to be bright, as consumer demand for convenient, high-quality meals away from home fuels growth. The foodservice distribution market represents approximately $200 billion in annual sales and is expected to pro- vide ample opportunities for growth as favorable demographic
trends continue to drive restaurant industry sales. In fact, for over ten years, the foodservice industry has experienced steady year- over-year growth, even during times of economic slowdown.
EARNINGS PERFORMANCE IN A CHANGING ENVIRONMENT
We achieved an 11% increase in year-over-year sales in 2004, but we did not meet our profit objectives for the year. Earnings declined 29% in 2004, which includes the impact of a previously disclosed one-time charge of approximately $10.1 million for the redemption of the Company’s outstanding convertible notes. Both our Broadline and Customized segments generated double-digit internal sales growth for the year. Broadline sales increased 11%, Customized sales rose 14% and Fresh-cut showed a 6% increase in sales. Our 2003 fiscal year included a 53rd week due to the timing of our financial calendar. Adjusted for the impact of the 53rd week in the 2003 fiscal year, our total sales increased 13.5%, Broadline sales increased 13%, Customized sales rose 17% and Fresh-cut sales increased 8% in 2004.
Earnings in 2004 were impacted most by pressures in the Fresh-cut segment of our business. The past year for Fresh-cut was a year in which we transitioned away from certain less predictable food- service customers. As a result, we spent much of the year rebalanc- ing our Fresh-cut facilities and logistics network. Companywide, we were also impacted by the incremental costs associated with meeting our requirements under the new Sarbanes-Oxley regula- tions. As they have done historically, our Broadline and Customized distribution businesses continued to generate steady growth during
3

 (Left to right) Rob Slotnick, Senior VP and CIO, John Austin, Senior VP and CFO, Thomas Hoffman, Customized Division CEO, Steven Spinner, Broadline Division CEO, Joe Traficanti, VP, General Counsel, and Nathan Duet, VP of Human Resources
the year. Given the changing balance of our business between food- service distribution and Fresh-cut, the less predictable nature of the fresh produce business, and our desire to provide more focus to our foodservice distribution business, we recently announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement for the sale of the Fresh-cut segment of our business. The sale of this segment will enable us to focus exclusively on driving the growth and profitability of the Broadline and Customized foodservice distribution businesses.
In fact, incremental improvements were accomplished in 2004 in each of our distribution segments. Planned improvements in one underperforming Broadline operating company have been pro- gressing and are expected to continue in 2005, and in Customized, a labor dispute with a bargaining unit at one distribution center was resolved in the second half of 2004.
REPOSITIONING FOR GROWTH
Moving forward, our primary objectives for 2005 and beyond are to improve operating margins and returns on our working capital while achieving continued sales growth. Our investments in improving our infrastructure and enhancing the efficiency of our operations already are generating positive results.
Our commitment to serving our customers stands as our foremost priority for growth. We are implementing best practices and incentive-based compensation programs throughout our operations to help ensure that our customers’ experiences are as close to perfect as we can make them. Our complement of products, whether our own proprietary brands or national brands, is of the highest
quality, and we are always exploring new and innovative ways to better serve our customers.
BROADLINE
Our Broadline segment, which consists of 19 distinct operating companies serving a broad range of dining establishments, con- tinued to have robust sales growth in 2004. While we added several major new customers during the year, the division’s focus has been on internal growth through existing customer account penetration. Our Broadline sales associates are among the indus- try’s most knowledgeable, and it is our goal to become an even more valued business partner to our customers. Sales associates, trained to understand each customer’s needs, regularly consult with customers on menu development, product selection and the general management of their businesses.
We made considerable strides in 2004 in each of the four major components of Broadline’s growth strategy, including continued account penetration with existing customers, increasing our sales to independent restaurants by helping our customers succeed in their business, expanding sales of our own proprietary branded products and enhancing the customer’s experience by constantly improving the accuracy and efficiency of our operations.
Operationally, we continued to enhance our Broadline support services. We installed additional regional finance and operations management staff to drive industry best practices, improved our warehouse management systems and standardized the training of key staff positions that directly impact the customer.
4

CUSTOMIZED
Our Customized segment, which specializes in serving restaurants in the casual dining segment, such as Outback Steakhouse, Cracker Barrel, Ruby Tuesday, and T.G.I. Friday’s, saw impressive sales during 2004, despite the fact that our growth was constrained by the need for additional capacity. Our strategy of providing outstanding service to the casual dining segment has been so suc- cessful that we are currently in the process of adding new capac- ity to position us for growth with major new customers in 2006.
We are committing resources to expand our distribution capacity by completing a new facility in Indiana in early 2005, building replacement facilities in California and South Carolina and expanding our distribution space in Texas and Florida. These facilities will not only enable us to broaden our customer base, but help improve operating efficiencies. Because of its strategic location, for example, the new distribution center in Indiana will, when fully rolled out, enable us to save several million driving miles in serving our Great Lakes restaurant clients. We are already preparing to staff these expanded facilities.
Meanwhile, in the year ahead, our attention will be on improving our account penetration with existing customers and continuing our focus on operational excellence. As the casual dining category
continues to grow, our customers are turning to Customized to serve some of their newest chain concepts. We value our relation- ship with our restaurant partners, and do our best to help assure their success.
ALL ABOUT COMMITMENT
In summary, 2004 was a challenging year for Performance Food Group, one in which we made important strategic decisions for the future, weathered some storms (literally) and prepared the Company to more efficiently leverage our sales growth for higher earnings returns. Throughout this year, our associates have demonstrated a steadfast commitment to the mission and values of the Company, our customers, our suppliers and each other. They are our greatest resource, and it is appropriate that this annual report showcase some of the many faces behind Performance Food Group. Their collective commitment to quality, integrity, service and growth is the foundation for our bright future.
Robert C. Sledd
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 5
