 2 The Procter & Gamble Company
  A.G. Lafley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Fellow P&G shareholders:
In last year’s annual report, I explained how P&G is designed to grow.
We’ve designed a global, diversified business portfolio that enables P&G to grow consistently and reliably. We’ve developed the core strengths—consumer understanding, brand-building, innovation, go-to-market capability, and scale — that are needed to win in the consumer products industry. We manage the business with rigorous strategic, financial and operating discipline. We’ve built the most diverse, globally experienced team of business leaders in P&G’s 171-year history. These elements work in combination to ensure P&G can meet or exceed its growth targets reliably year after year.
At the heart of P&G’s design for growth is our capability to innovate — broadly, reliably, and successfully, year after year, in every part of our business. We innovate across more categories and on more leading brands than any other consumer products company. We have a broader range of science and technology than any of our competitors. We invest more in innovation and marketing support than any other consumer products company. We deliver an unrelenting stream of innovation with systematic discipline. And P&G’s businesses are run by women and men who are not only globally experienced general managers but also highly skilled innovation leaders.
This helps P&G deliver consistent, reliable innovation and reliable, sustainable growth. Innovation drives growth.
We saw this in fiscal 2008, as P&G delivered another year of innovation-driven growth at or above the Company’s target levels for sales, earnings-per-share and cash generation.
1. 2001 EPS excludes $0.61 per share of costs from the Organization 2005 restructuring program and amortization of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets.
Note: An explanation and reconciliation of free cash flow and organic sales for 2008 is provided on page 55.
FIscAL 2008 ResuLts
• Net sales increased 9%, to $83.5 billion. Organic sales increased 5%.
• Diluted earnings per share increased 20%, to $3.64 per share.
• Free cash flow from operating activities was $12.8 billion, or 106% of net earnings, well ahead of the 90% cash productivity target.
Fiscal 2008 was P&G’s seventh consecutive year of organic sales growth at or ahead of the long-term target range; brand and new product innovations, particularly in developing markets, accounted for virtually all this sales growth. Over the same period, diluted earnings per share have grown at a compound average growth rate of 13%,(1) well ahead of our long-term target. We’ve generated more than $60 billion in free cash flow since the beginning of the decade. Most importantly, we’ve delivered consistently strong total shareholder return over the past ten-, five-, three- and one-year periods, above the Dow Jones Industrial Average.

  P&G’s sales growth in fiscal 2008 came from a diverse mix of businesses and was driven primarily by innovation.
• Baby and Family Care organic sales increased 8%. Charmin delivered double-digit organic volume growth behind the introduction of Charmin UltraStrong and a complete restage of the brand line-up. Pampers delivered double-digit volume growth—and became P&G’s first $8 billion brand—behind the continued strength of Pampers Baby Stages of Development. Bounty introduced Bounty Extra Soft and upgraded Bounty Basic.
• Fabric and Home Care grew organic sales 6%, driven by liquid laundry detergent compaction — a disruptive innovation rolled out across the entire North America laundry portfolio — along with strong product innovation on Tide, Gain, Ariel, Downy, and Febreze.
• Beauty organic sales increased 4%, behind the continuing success of Olay Definity and Regenerist product innovation, new product and package innovation on Head & Shoulders, and a revolutionary new home hair-colorant called Perfect 10 on Nice ‘N Easy.
• Grooming grew organic sales 4%, led by more than 40% top-line growth on the superior Fusion male shaving system. Fusion became P&G’s 24th billion-dollar brand.
• Health Care organic sales grew 3%, driven by strong innovation across the Health Care business: Crest Pro-Health Night Paste and Rinse, Oral-B Cross-Action Pro-Health Brush, Always Clean and Always Fresh, and comfort upgrades on the Naturella brand.
• Snacks, Coffee and Pet Care organic sales increased 4%, led by the launch of Dunkin Donuts® retail coffee, a number of Pringles initiatives — including Rice Infusion, Extreme Flavors and Pringles Stix — and Iams Proactive Health for dogs and Healthy Naturals for cats.
Growth was broad-based across all geographic regions, with mid-single-digit sales growth in developed markets and double- digit sales growth in developing markets.
We successfully completed the integration of Gillette, exceeding cost synergy and dilution targets. Revenue synergies are on target, with significant upside potential over the next three to five years. We’ve just begun to leverage the Gillette and Oral-B brands, both strong platforms for innovation.
The Procter & Gamble Company 3
 P&G RePoRt cARD
Progress Against P&G’s Goals and strategies
GRowth ResuLts
Average annual
Organic Sales Growth (1) Earnings-per-Share Growth Free Cash Flow Productivity (3)
Goals 2008 4–6% 5% 10%+ 20% 90%+ 106%
2001–2008
6% 13%(2)
118%
        GRowth stRAteGIes (2001–2008)
Grow from the core: Leading Brands, Big Markets, Top Customers
   Volume up 7%, on average, for P&G’s 24 billion- dollar brands (4)
Volume up 7%, on average, for P&G’s top 16 countries (5)
Volume up 8%, on average,
for P&G’s top 10 retail customers (5)
Develop faster-growing, higher-margin, more asset-efficient businesses
   Beauty sales more than doubled to $19.5 billion; profits tripled to $2.7 billion
Health Care sales more than doubled to $14.6 billion; profit increased 4-fold to
$2.5 billion
Home Care
sales more than doubled; profits more than tripled
Accelerate growth in developing markets and among low-income consumers
   Developing market sales up 18% per year
Over one-third of total company sales growth from developing markets
Developing market profit margins comparable to developed market margins
(1) Organic sales exclude the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange, which were 6%, on average, in 2001-2008.
(2) 2001 EPS excludes $0.61 per share of costs from the Organization 2005 restructuring program and amortization of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets.
(3) Free cash flow productivity is the ratio of free cash flow to net earnings.
(4) Excludes the impact of adding newly acquired billion-dollar brands to the portfolio. (5) Excludes impact of adding Gillette.

 4 The Procter & Gamble Company
On June 4, 2008, we announced our agreement to merge P&G’s coffee business with The J.M. Smucker Company. The agreement maximizes the after-tax value of the coffee business for P&G shareholders and minimizes earnings-per-share dilution versus other alternatives. We expect to complete the transaction during the second quarter of fiscal 2009.
sustAInInG GRowth thRouGh InnovAtIon
This is strong performance, but the challenge of sustaining growth is greater today than at any time in the past 50 years. Commodity and energy costs continue to rise for companies. Consumers are facing higher food and gas prices, declining home values, and rising levels of unemployment. The question shareholders and prospective investors are asking is: ”How will P&G sustain growth in today’s challenging and uncertain economic environment?”
the answer is clear to all of us at P&G: we will continue to innovate in every part of our business. Innovation is at the heart of P&G’s business model. It is the primary way we delight consumers, create value with retail partners, and create new business models to deliver consistent, sustainable growth at or ahead of the Company’s goals.
A lot of companies talk about innovation, but P&G has demonstrated the capability — over decades — to innovate consistently, reliably and successfully. We have a long list of innovation firsts in our industry:
• Tide was the first heavy-duty laundry detergent
• Crest, the first fluoride toothpaste clinically proven to prevent tooth decay
• Downy, the first ultra-concentrated rinse-add fabric softener
• Pert Plus, the first 2-in-1 shampoo and conditioner
• Head & Shoulders, the first pleasant-to-use shampoo effective against dandruff
• Pampers, the first affordable, mass-marketed disposable diaper
• Bounty, the first three-dimensional paper towel
• Always, the first feminine protection pad with an innovative, dry-weave topsheet.
• Febreze, the first fabric and air care products that actually remove odors from fabrics and the air
• Crest White Strips, the first patented in-home teeth whitening technology
P&G continues to be one of the few companies in our industry that creates new categories and brands, new performance standards, and new definitions of consumer value. Swiffer and Febreze created entirely new product categories. Crest Pro-Health, Olay Regenerist and Definity, Pampers Baby Stages of Development, and Tide with Bleach redefined high performance in their categories. Olay innovation has created new consumer experiences that are as good as — or better than — several- hundred-dollar department and specialty store brands.
We innovate so consistently across our diverse portfolio of businesses, and so consistently over time, because we’ve created a unique design for innovation at P&G.
1. We define innovation broadly.
2. We invest in innovation at industry-leading levels.
3. We manage innovation with discipline.
4. We deliver innovation that builds consumer trust and loyalty over time.
5. We lead innovation with global brands and an outstanding team of innovation leaders.
This integrated, end-to-end approach is complemented by P&G’s global scale and scope, which is unrivaled in our industry.
The result is an innovation design that enables P&G to win with consumers and retail customers and to generate sustainable long-term growth and shareholder value.
DeFInInG InnovAtIon BRoADLy
We define innovation broadly. We innovate in every area where our brands touch consumers’ lives: the package and product,
the shopping experience, the in-home product usage experience, and every aspect of communication. We also create innovative new business models and organizational structures. By innovating so broadly, we get to see more innovation opportunities and to leverage more innovation resources than more narrowly focused competitors.
Our Family Care business is a good example. Twenty years ago, we created a proprietary paper-making process that enables us to produce the strongest, softest, most absorbent paper towels and tissues on the market. But our approach to innovation in Tissues and Towels is driven by consumers, not by the technology.

  Designed to Innovate
P&G defines innovation broadly
The Procter & Gamble Company 5
    P&G leads innovation with global brands and outstanding innovation leaders
P&G delivers innovation that builds consumer trust and loyalty over time
Leading
Delivering
Investing
Managing
P&G invests in innovation at industry-leading levels
P&G manages innovation with discipline
  Consumers don’t all want the same benefits from a brand like Bounty. Some consumers want a paper towel designed for spills and light cleaning; it’s important to them not to be wasteful. We created Bounty Basic for these consumers, which is just right for everyday tasks but not over-designed. We created Bounty UltraStrong for consumers who value strength and absorbency and Bounty Extra Soft for those who want more softness.
All these products use the same paper-making technology, but provide highly tailored benefits to meet specific consumer needs.
We also tailor marketing and communications to specific consumer needs. Bounty Basic consumers aren’t persuaded
by television advertising; they get all the brand communication they need at the store shelf. Other consumers are receptive
to information about our brands at different times and places, and we respond with communication and marketing plans tailored to their desires and preferences.
We’re able to innovate broadly and successfully because we engage consumers as co-designers of innovation. We live with consumers in their homes, shop with them in stores, and observe their daily behavior for days, weeks and even months at a time. Consumers are active participants in P&G’s innovation process, and we keep them involved in every step that guides a new product or idea from concept to launch.
We also involve external innovation partners to turbo-charge P&G’s internal innovative capability — an approach we call “Connect and Develop.” Six years ago, only 15% of our product initiatives included innovation from outside P&G. Today, more than half of all P&G innovation includes an external partner.
In just the past year, we evaluated more than 5,000 innovation opportunities from small entrepreneurs, universities, research institutes, and large companies. This is a fourfold increase over the number of external innovations we were considering at the beginning of the decade.
Defining

 6 The Procter & Gamble Company
By defining innovation so broadly — what it is, where it comes from, who’s responsible for it — we continually expand and unleash P&G’s innovation potential. The best proof of our innovation capability is the number of top-selling new products that come from P&G. The IRI Pacesetters study tracks and
ranks the most successful new consumer products introduced in the U.S. For the past 13 years, one-third of the most successful Pacesetter products, on average, have come from P&G and Gillette — more than our top six competitors combined. In 2008, 5 of the 10 best-selling new products came from P&G, including Tide Simple Pleasures detergent, Febreze Noticeables air fresh- ener, the new Herbal Essences line of products, Crest Pro-Health toothpaste, and Olay Definity skin care products.
InvestInG In InnovAtIon
Another point of difference is P&G’s ability to invest in innovation at industry-leading levels. We invest more than $2 billion a year in R&D, nearly twice the level of our closest competitor, Unilever, and roughly equal to the combined total of our other major competitors — Avon, Clorox, Colgate, Energizer, Henkel, Kimberly Clark, L’Oreal, and Reckitt Benckiser. We also maintain a high level of marketing investment in our brands. P&G’s advertising investment has averaged about 10% of sales over the past 15 years.
We maintain this strong level of innovation and marketing investment, while continuing to grow margins, by continually increasing P&G’s productivity. The more productive we become, the more we can redeploy people and dollars to innovation.
P&G has a strong track record of reliable productivity growth. Sales per employee have grown more than threefold and net earnings per employee are up eightfold since 1980. Over the past 10 years, P&G’s productivity on a sales-per-employee basis has grown at an average rate of 6% a year. This performance is more than twice the U.S. average of roughly 2.5% productivity growth per year.
P&G grows productivity so reliably because we take a very systemic approach. A good example of this is Global Business Services — P&G’s shared services business model. Early this decade, we significantly reduced the cost of business services by centralizing and standardizing P&G systems, infrastructure and services. We then focused on improved service levels and greater value creation, ultimately creating a global business services organization that has been recognized externally as the best shared-services organization in the world, and which has delivered nearly $600 million of cumulative cost savings to date — a substantial portion of which we’ve reinvested in innovation.
In addition, GBS — in collaboration with our R&D and Engineering functions — is making P&G a more productive and effective innovator by accelerating the use of virtualization, computer modeling and simulation. Virtualization is enabling P&G brands to co-design products with consumers. The same technologies allow us to show retailers virtual in-store displays for half the cost and less than half the time required for physical shelf designs. Computer modeling and simulation saved P&G about 17 years of design time in the last year alone.
We’re convinced we can become even more productive, increasing productivity 7–8% a year. We’re making our brand portfolio more productive by focusing even more on our largest leading brands—the 44 brands with sales of $500 million or more that represent 85% of sales and more than 90% of profits. We’re getting more disciplined about how to manage the remaining brands in P&G’s portfolio, investing in small brands that have potential to become billion-dollar brands of the future, supporting brands that may not have global potential but are local jewels in some markets, and consolidating or divesting underperforming brands. And, we’re seizing even more opportunities to leverage P&G scale by eliminating duplicative activities, centralizing more functional support, and consolidating some small countries into regional hubs.
We’re also going after cost savings throughout the Company. We have clearly defined goals for controlling overhead spending. Businesses projected to grow significantly faster than the balance of the portfolio have an overhead target equal to or less than half their projected sales growth; slower-growing businesses and all corporate functions are committed to zero overhead growth; businesses growing below company goals and/or with significant cost-structure issues must reduce overhead spending every year. This discipline reflects our commitment to flat or declining headcount for the foreseeable future.
These and other efforts throughout the Company are critical. Productivity fuels innovation. Innovation drives growth.
MAnAGInG InnovAtIon wIth DIscIPLIne
The next factor that sets P&G apart as an innovator is discipline. We don’t rely on “Eureka!” moments; we take a systematic approach to innovation.
For example, we’re highly systematic about how we organize for innovation. We don’t take a “one-size-fits-all” approach but we’re deliberate about creating the right structure for different kinds of innovation work. Our Corporate Innovation Fund, for example, specializes in high-risk, high-reward ideas; it’s essentially an in-house venture capital firm that does initial concept, design, engineering, and qualification work and then

  hands over successful ideas to the appropriate business units. The FutureWorks team focuses exclusively on innovations that can create entirely new businesses. There are new-business development teams in every global business unit focusing on opportunities to create adjacent categories. Innovation centers help us solve tough innovation challenges by providing simulated in-home and in-store environments where P&G teams can isolate themselves and interact with consumers and shoppers for days or even weeks at a time.
Once an idea is qualified and begins moving through our product launch system, the innovation team continues to face go / no-go gates at every critical milestone. At each gate, we make decisions about which initiatives are ready to progress, which need further work, and which should be stopped. Every decision is grounded in maximizing the productivity of innovation investments and generating shareholder value.
This disciplined approach is essential to innovation success.
It builds accountability into both the creative and executional aspects of innovation. P&G’s Family Care business is a good example here, as well. Family Care is one of P&G’s strongest value-creating businesses. They’ve innovated broadly across brand platforms—Bounty, Charmin and Puffs—while delivering industry-leading, double-digit total shareholder return for the past one-, three- and five-year periods in a highly capital- intensive category. They’ve increased gross margins 7% and have delivered free cash flow well above the Company’s 90% cash productivity target for the past five years, despite invest- ments in innovation and in new manufacturing capacity to support growth.
There are similar stories in Fabric Care, Feminine Care, Baby Care, Beauty Care, and Health Care. These are the results of disciplined innovation.
DeLIveRInG A steADy stReAM oF InnovAtIon
What I’ve explained so far—the way we think about innovation, our ability to invest in it, and the discipline with which we manage it — are the elements of P&G’s innovation design that are difficult to see from the outside. Each of these factors helps to set P&G apart as an innovator. What counts most, however, is the innovation that consumers experience day after day, year after year.
We earn consumer trust and loyalty over time by delivering an unending stream of innovation that consumers learn to expect from P&G brands. We plan three-to-five years out and fill our pipeline with three distinct kinds of innovation.
• Disruptive innovation creates new categories, new segments, or entirely new sources of consumer consumption. These are innovations that address consumer needs no other brand or product has met. Virtually all of P&G’s billion-dollar brands were created with disruptive innovations.
• Sustaining innovation is what we focus on most. These are extensions or improvements of existing products: big initiatives that meet consumer needs by filling gaps, eliminating consumer trade-offs, or providing new benefits. Examples include Pampers Caterpillar-Flex, which improved the fit and comfort of baby diapers, and Crest Pro-Health Rinse, the Crest brand’s entry into the mouth-rinse category adjacent to toothpastes.
• Commercial innovation generates trial on existing products without a product or package change. Examples include the Gillette Champions and Pampers Unicef programs, marketing efforts that give consumers new reasons to be interested in and loyal to a P&G brand.
Always is a great example of how this multidimensional innovation strategy builds loyalty and category leadership.
We introduced Always in 1984 as the first feminine protection pad with an innovative, dry-weave topsheet. In 1986, the brand set yet another performance standard with its proprietary “wings” product, followed by Ultra Thin products in 1991. These three disruptive innovations brought years of competitive advantage. In addition to these disruptive innovations, we have maintained a steady pace of product upgrades with sustaining innovations like Always Fresh, Always Clean and Always Overnight. This year, Always is leading innovation again, with a disruptive initiative called Always Infinity that uses a unique pad design and new, state-of-the-art technology to bring a new level of superior protection and absorbency to consumers.
Always has also delivered a steady stream of meaningful commercial innovation. The brand’s school education programs teach girls about puberty, and introduce them to the category and our brands. Another commercial innovation, from both Always and Tampax, is beinggirl.com, a unique website that enables teens to get information in a safe, discreet environment and to interact with peers facing similar life-stage issues.
This combination of disruptive, sustaining and commercial innovation keeps a brand like Always growing year after year. Always has grown in 21 of the 24 years since launch and has increased its U.S. market share from 14% to 48%, and today has a global share of 31%. There are examples like Always throughout P&G’s brand portfolio.
The Procter & Gamble Company 7

 8 The Procter & Gamble Company
LeADInG InnovAtIon
Making P&G’s design for innovation work is the job of leadership.
Innovation is a human activity and leaders must unleash the creativity, initiative, leadership, and productivity of the innovators in their businesses. This requires a blend of intelligence and empathy. Empathy is incredibly important in a diverse, people- intensive business like ours. Most of our creativity and innovation happens in teams, and often the teammates are working in different parts of the world.
To lead in this kind of environment, we need a balance of intellectual skills and empathic skills. We have to develop the intuition to understand and appreciate people’s intentions, feelings and motivations — all of which have been shaped by experiences that may be sharply different from those we’ve grown up with ourselves.
At the same time, innovation leaders must be decision-makers. They must exercise the judgment and the courage to take innovation risks and to understand the role fast failure plays in the innovation process, while also being willing to stop projects and reallocate resources to bigger innovation opportunities when necessary.
I’m a big believer that innovation leaders are made, not born. They learn to get comfortable with uncertainty. They learn to become more open-minded, to co-create with consumers, and to be receptive to ideas from different disciplines and industries. They learn to become both strategists and operational managers, to be agile and disciplined. As they learn and gain experience, they become more effective at leveraging P&G’s design for innovation to deliver consistent, sustainable growth.
The ability to lead effective innovation programs is required at P&G, particularly at the general manager and president levels. Good innovation leaders need to be cultivated and promoted — and I hold myself accountable for helping to select and develop the innovation leaders who run P&G businesses around the world. Ensuring P&G has the leaders and the pipeline to innovate for the next ten years is one of my most fundamental responsibilities as chief executive.
LeveRAGInG GLoBAL scALe AnD scoPe
The most differentiating aspect of P&G’s approach to innovation is the scale and scope of our business and brand portfolio, science and technology platforms, and geographic reach.
The diversity of our business portfolio creates highly valuable scale benefits. Our Health & Beauty businesses take advantage of purchasing pools created by Household businesses such as
laundry, diapers and paper products. This enables them to purchase packing materials and basic commodities at lower prices than their direct competitors. Similarly, Household Care enjoys economies of scale created by the large advertising budgets supporting our Health & Beauty Care businesses.
We use these scale advantages to invest in innovation.
The diversity of P&G’s brand portfolio gives us the opportunity to innovate in more aspects of consumers’ lives than nearly any other company. P&G brands are in every room of the house, at virtually every hour of the day. As a result, we get to see more of consumers’ needs than other companies. This helps us spot more problems P&G innovation can help solve and more aspirations P&G brands can help achieve.
Our science and technology portfolio is another huge scale advantage. Bleach technology from Laundry has been used in Health & Beauty Care products such as Crest White Strips and Nice ‘n Easy Perfect 10 Hair Colorant. Non-woven top sheet technology started in Diapers, traveled to Feminine Care then moved to Swiffer and Olay Daily Facials. Proprietary perfume technology has been used to enhance the performance of Bounce, Febreze, Fine Fragrances, Camay and most recently Secret and Gillette Clinical Strength deodorant. We’re now combining Gillette’s expertise in mechanical engineering with our expertise in chemical engineering.
Companies that compete primarily in Beauty can’t benefit from such technology transfer because they don’t have a Laundry business. Home Care competitors can’t move a substrate technology from diapers or feminine hygiene if they’re not in those businesses. There is no other company in our industry whose portfolio of businesses and brands, sciences and technologies is as broad, as deep or as diverse as P&G’s. This is a very significant source of competitive advantage. We use our diverse mix of sciences and technologies to make innovation connections that other companies cannot make on their own.
Another area in which we can leverage P&G scale is our geographic reach. In developed markets like the U.S., where P&G brands can be found in virtually every household, we leverage household penetration as a scale advantage. In developing markets, we’re using our portfolio of leading brands to attract and build a network of best-in-class, often exclusive distributors in countries such as China, India and Russia. Today our distributor network in China reaches about 800 million people. In India, our distributor network covers 4.5 million stores, an increase of two million stores in just five years. In Russia, we now have access to 80% of the population.

  P&G’s global scale allows us to quickly flow innovation across developing countries. We create innovation to meet consumer needs in a particular region and then quickly flow that technology across multiple countries faster than competition. For example, consumers who wash clothing by hand need improved rinsing with less water. This is a common need in many developing countries. We launched Downy Single Rinse in Mexico, and have since expanded it into 12 countries, including China,
the Philippines, and Peru. We did the same with Naturella, an innovative feminine protection product created specifically for low-income consumers in Latin America; we’re now expanding Naturella throughout Eastern Europe. We’ve created highly cost-effective laundry detergent formulations that we’ve expanded rapidly across developing markets. We’ve created
a “better and cheaper” dentifrice formulation for Crest that was first introduced in China and has now been expanded into Eastern European markets—and has also been introduced as an important cost innovation in several developed markets.
We’re able to do all this because we’ve built the systems and go-to-market scale that allow us to move an entire innovation — concept, brand, product formulation, package, marketing, and in-store presence — to multiple markets almost simultaneously. With this geographic reach and capability, in developed and developing markets alike, we can expand innovation around the world and into millions of homes very quickly.
DesIGneD to InnovAte — AnD GRow
We’ve built P&G’s business model around innovation because it’s the primary driver of superior consumer value and profitable organic sales growth in the consumer products industry. The companies that lead innovation are growth catalysts and generally capture a substantial portion of the growth they stimulate.
I don’t know of a company that has sustained growth and industry leadership over the long term that has not also been the innovation leader.
Innovation is especially important in tough economic periods. Consumers will continue to buy premium-priced products as long as they’re confident they’re getting value for their money. This is why innovation is so important. Price is an element of value, but the real driver of value perception is relative pricing, not absolute pricing, combined with product performance and brand equity. Innovation drives value. It differentiates our brands in the hearts and minds of consumers. It enables category leadership. It stimulates growth and prevents commoditization of the categories in which we compete. It drives premium pricing and higher gross and operating margins.
This reality plays to P&G strengths as an innovator. We innovate more broadly than any other company in our industry. We invest more in innovation and marketing support. We bring a richer mix of innovation to market with greater discipline and strong leadership. We’ve designed an innovation capability that is unmatched in the consumer products industry.
Most important of all, P&Gers around the world see innovation as their job. They look for opportunities to innovate in every part of the business. Consumer researchers are developing innovative new ways to learn from consumers. Marketers are finding new ways and new places to engage consumers. Technicians operating lines in P&G plants are creating innovative ideas for making products better, faster and cheaper. Innovation has always been at the heart of P&G’s business model, but today it’s not the province of only one or two functions within the Company. Innovation is the focus of our entire organization.
P&G’s innovation capability is stronger and more robust today than at any time in the Company’s history — and this is why I’m confident innovation will continue to be the primary driver of sustainable sales and earnings-per-share growth at or ahead of P&G’s long-term targets.
P&G is designed to innovate, and to grow.
A.G. Lafley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer August 12, 2008
The Procter & Gamble Company 9
 