 Dear Shareowners,
Fiscal 2015 was a tough year due to weakening developing market economics and the unprecedented negative impact of foreign exchange. Because we are a dollar-denominated company headquartered in the U.S., and given the reality of the geographic footprint of our business —with significant exposures in markets such as Brazil, Japan and Russia —Company worldwide sales and profits were negatively impacted by foreign exchange.
All-in sales were down 5%, including the negative 6-point impact of foreign exchange.
Organic sales grew 1%. Organic sales for our 10 core categories grew 2%, about one point below underlying market growth.
On an all-in GAAP basis, earnings per share were $2.44, down due to significant one-time charges and restructuring costs. Core earnings per share were $4.02, down 2%, including a
13-point, $1.5 billion negative impact of foreign exchange. On a constant currency basis, core earnings per share were up 11%.
A.G. LAFLEY
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

 2 The Procter & Gamble Company
In response to consumer demand, we broadened our U.S. portfolio with Tide PODS Plus Febreze, Tide PODS Free & Gentle and Tide PODS Original Scent. These offerings continue to fuel the Unit Dose segment, where P&G’s global retail sales are over $1.5 billion.
Despite the sales and earnings pressures, we continued to generate strong adjusted free cash flow of $11.6 billion, increased the dividend for the 59th year in a row, and returned $11.9 billion to shareowners—$7.3 billion in dividends and $4.6 billion in share repurchase. Over the past five years, we’ve returned $60 billion to shareowners —$12 billion a year on average. We have announced our intention to return up to $70 billion to shareowners over the next four years through a combination of dividend payments, share retirement and share repurchase.
Building a Better Company
This year, P&G will be 178 years old. A company does not last for that long if its management is not willing to change anything and everything, except for its purpose and core values, to serve consumers and create value for shareowners.
We are leading the most comprehensive series of changes in the Company’s history. We are putting the strategies and capabilities in place to transform P&G into a faster-growing, more profitable and far simpler company.
We are putting the strategies and capabilities in place to transform P&G into a faster-growing, more profitable and far simpler company.
We are recommitting ourselves to putting the consumer at the center of everything we do. The purpose of any business is to create a consumer and to serve that consumer better than anyone else can. That’s why we’re investing in capabilities to understand consumer needs better than ever. That’s why we’re investing in creating and building brands that consumers prefer. And that’s why we’re investing in innovative products that deliver better performance, quality, experiences and value.
As we rededicate ourselves to the fundamentals of consumer-preferred brands and products, what has changed at P&G? What’s different, and how are we building a better P&G?
A More Focused Business Portfolio
We conducted a comprehensive diagnosis to answer a fundamental strategic question: Which businesses should P&G be in? We chose 10 business categories where P&G understands consumers and has leading market positions, strong brands, differentiated products and business models proven to grow and create value. These 10 categories have been growing faster, and their operating margins are higher than those of the total Company. Their sales and profits are highly concentrated in the top consumer markets around the world. Yet they have significant growth opportunity in big, developed countries such as the U.S.,
 Power Oral Care is an important P&G business with annual sales over $1 billion, including our most recent innovation—
the first power toothbrush with Bluetooth® technology. Current household penetration is low, and we have significant growth potential using our proven model to grow penetration.

 Germany, the U.K. and Japan, where household penetration rates can still be improved, and in developing markets such as China, Brazil, India, Russia, Turkey and Mexico, where P&G has been improving its strategic position. They have played and will continue to play to P&G’s core strengths: consumer understanding, innovation, productivity, branding, go-to-market execution and leveraging Company scale and scope.
After decades of category extension and geographic expansion to get bigger, we are narrowing our focus to these 10 categories to get better. Ultimately, a more focused P&G will lead to becoming the best-performing company in the consumer products industry —winning with consumers and delivering the most consistent and reliable performance in our chosen categories, countries, channels and customers.
Committed to Growth and Value Creation
At P&G, we win with shoppers and consumers by providing consumer-preferred brands and products that become leading value creators in their categories. The best measure of winning is Operating Total Shareholder Return (TSR). We like Operating TSR because it is a single, coordinated and integrated measure of growth and value creation that brings together winning with shoppers and consumers to deliver sales growth, gross and operating margin improvement, and asset efficiency.
The foundational building block of Operating TSR is operating cash flow, and our strong cash flow performance for many years has enabled reinvestment in the business and steady returns to shareowners. The second building block is operating margins, which we have started to improve and will continue to improve as we move into the core business portfolio and continue to execute our innovation and productivity programs with excellence. The third building block is organic sales growth, which has been modest, but will improve as we build household penetration on more of our brands and introduce an even stronger lineup of new and improved products that are coming to market over the next one, two and three years.
Operating TSR is a balanced measure of performance, and everyone in the Company —the technician on the manufacturing floor, the sales person in the retail store, the scientist in the innovation lab —is focused on their contribution to deliver consistent and reliable growth and value creation.
More Innovative and More Productive
We have always believed that product innovation is the lifeblood of our business. We invent brands and products that create and transform categories, and that build consumer trial and create value in those categories for years —often for decades. Our brand and product innovations drive category market growth, which creates value for our retail customers and suppliers. We’re rededicating ourselves to product innovation that “wins from the top”—offering the best-performing products in the category, with the highest quality, at a modest price premium — yielding superior consumer value and growth. We’re investing more in R&D and
SK-II, P&G’s billion-dollar prestige skin care brand, has introduced two new essentials: SK-II Mid-Day Miracle Essence and SK-II Mid-Night Miracle Essence, to deliver a boost of crystal-clear skin anytime, anywhere, and strengthen the skin barrier over time.
The Procter & Gamble Company 3
We developed Pampers Premium Care Pants to delight moms and babies with comfort and skin protection. Pants are
the preferred style in many countries and the fastest-growing segment of the diaper market. They’re available in China and Russia, and expanding to more markets.

 4 The Procter & Gamble Company
We extended Gillette FlexBall innovation to the market-leading women’s razor brand, with Venus Swirl. We’ve sold over 2.5 million Venus Swirl razors in the U.S., and Venus’ U.S. share of women’s system razors has grown over four points to 64% since Venus Swirl’s January 2015 launch.
meaningful product innovation. Early examples include Pampers Swaddlers and Pants, Tide and Ariel PODS, Downy Unstopables, Pantene conditioners with advanced Pro-V science, Gillette FlexBall and Venus Swirl, and Oral-B Powerbrush. Each of these product innovations is building or is expected to build its category and brand sales —and there are more to come.
Innovation is our lifeblood, but what has changed is the realization that we cannot deliver consistent and reliable growth and value creation without continuous improvement in productivity. We are implementing the biggest supply chain redesign in the Company’s history. We are moving to fewer categories, brands, initiatives, product lines and SKUs. We are consolidating to fewer plants, agencies, suppliers and organizations. We are focusing on fewer priorities and activities. This is leading to lower costs in overhead, cost-of-goods-sold, marketing and trade spending. In turn, this is driving more focus and more savings to reinvest in accelerating growth of the leading brands, the most significant product innovations, and the countries and customers with the highest potential for sales, profit and cash growth.
Better Execution
We are rededicating ourselves to the power of execution. We are raising our standards to be the best at execution. We are renewing focus on gaining trial among consumers at the point of market entry. We are recommitting to superior advertising to create awareness and sampling clearly superior-performing products to attract consumers to our brands. We are investing in our sales force to build profitable distribution and shelf assortment. We are investing in a more agile, flexible and faster distribution network to reduce out-of-stocks and optimize inventory. And we are renewing our manufacturing operations to improve quality and to accelerate innovation at lower cash, capital and operating costs. Execution is the only strategy a consumer sees, and we intend to be the best.
Better Balance
P&G is a company that needs balance to win. Whenever we get out of balance, we underperform. We win when we deliver balanced sales growth and profit growth. We win when we leverage both innovation and productivity. We win when we have clear strategies and execute with excellence. Consumers and shareowners expect balance from P&G. We are making changes to achieve this balance, to deliver consistent and reliable growth and value creation for the short-, mid- and long-term.
Stronger Ownership
Personal leadership, accountability and ownership have always been core values for P&G people. But as a company becomes bigger, more global and more complex, it can become more difficult for individuals to feel strong personal ownership
in their connection to business unit success. We have simplified the organization to bring a higher level of business ownership to each business leader and to
Unstopables has expanded from in-wash scent beads to a collection of products delivering sophisticated scent experiences for homes. With breakthrough fragrance technology and long-lasting, high-quality perfumes, sales of the Unstopables collection have grown to nearly $300 million globally.

 every P&G person. We have linked individual performance to each person’s contribution to Operating TSR at every level of the Company. The intent is for P&G people to be engaged in serving consumers and shoppers, driving product innovation and productivity, sourcing and distributing brands and products, and executing programs to win with consumers and shareowners —many of whom are P&G employees.
Strong Leadership
On November 1, David Taylor will become P&G’s next CEO. David is an accomplished leader with 35 years of proven results in many of P&G’s businesses and functions
in multiple markets around the world. His breadth of experience and track record of success are strong. He is hands-on, with deep knowledge of consumers and categories. He is focused and strategic, with strong operational leadership to take action and execute with excellence. David has played a central role in working with P&G leadership, the Board and me on developing the strategies and business portfolio to win with consumers and deliver balanced growth and value creation.
As CEO, David will focus on leading P&G’s transformation with excellence.
As Executive Chairman, I look forward to supporting David, the leadership team and you. I will continue to chair the Board of Directors and provide advice and counsel to David and P&G leadership on Company and business unit strategies, portfolio choices and organization decisions.
A Better P&G
We are transforming into a better P&G. The foundation is based on P&G’s Purpose, Values and Principles. The consumer is at the center of everything we do. We will win consistently with about 65 leading brands organized into 10 businesses in industry-based sectors. We will go to market in six regions through about
30 country clusters. We will create value through consumer-preferred brands and products that win at the zero, first and second moments of truth. We will play P&G’s game to our core strengths —positioned to grow again through the power of P&G brands, products and people. It won’t all happen immediately, and some quarters will be better than others—but the choices we’ve made matter. The new P&G will grow sales, profit and cash more consistently and more sustainably to create value more reliably for P&G shareowners.
A.G. LAFLEY
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
The NyQuil SEVERE and DayQuil SEVERE launch was the largest in the Cold & Flu category in North America since 2012, delivering maximum-strength symptom- fighting ingredients to consumers. SEVERE gained trial in 8.5+ million households and grew total DayQuil and NyQuil sales.
The Procter & Gamble Company 5
 Head & Shoulders, our largest shampoo brand and the #1 shampoo brand globally,† has grown organic sales for the past 20 years. This year we launched the Instant Relief Collection in the U.S., designed to provide cooling scalp relief with the first wash.
†P&G calculation based on Nielsen sales information.
