


...and	Olean	IS	a	very	big	idea.	Maynard Danker,  an  Iowa  farmer,  remembers   the  first  day  he   heard  about  Olean. "The  folks  who make
Crisco  were  going to start with soybeans like mine  to  come  up with  a new  kind  of cooking  oil.   It fries up snacks that are a little healthier, without adding any fat. Makes  them  taste  good, too . That's something that's never been done before." · Improving consumers' lives by doing things that have never been done before is what Procter & Gamble is all about. In more  than 140 countries around the world, we work to understand what consumers want and need. Then we develop inno­vative brands to serve those needs - creating new products, new categories and new growth opportu­nities for our Company. · More than 110,000 P&G employees around the world, committed to breakthrough innovation and superior execution, drive our growth. Again this year, we delivered record  performance: net earnings  of $3.78 billion, up 11%; basic  net earnings  per common share   of
$2.74, up 13%; and worldwide net sales of $37.2 billion, up 4% on 6% unit vol-ume growth. · These results fueled solid performance in the areas  that  matter  most to you, our shareholders. Over the past three years, we've delivered an aver- age annual Total Shareholder Return (TSR) of 37%, compared to a TSR  of 30% for the S&P 500. And we concluded the 1997/1998 fiscal year by increasing common share dividends 13% to $1.14 - marking the 43rd consecutive year of increased dividend payments.
 
FASTER, BIGGER INNOVATION
These results are good, yet we can and must  do  better. In  particular, we  are  not  satisfied with our rate of volume and sales growth. We  must significantly  accelerate  our progress  if we are to achieve the goals we've reported here in previous years:
•	To double our business in 10 years,
•	To grow shares in categories representing the majority of our volume, and
•	To remain consistently among the top third of our peer companies in TSR performance.
We know the key is faster, bigger innovation in every part of our business. And we've made important strides in the past year to strengthen our pipeline of innovations on established brands and on new brands entering test market. But there is much more we intend to do.We must bring even better products to more  markets with  greater  speed than ever before. And we must release the untapped power of our organization.

IMPORTANT CHANGES TO ACCELERATE GROWTH
For some time, we've been examining how our organization should evolve, and in the coming weeks, we will announce details of a comprehensive plan to simplify the way we're structured and to strengthen how we operate.The changes, while consistent with the direction in which we've been growing, are significant and will improve our ability to create and build even more profitable leadership brands around the world.

We	n1ake	every	day	better	lll	every



Four changes, in particular, are worth noting here:
•	We will move from our current regional business units to product-based, global business units - a direction we've been heading since  the late 1980s with the start  of Global Category Management .
•	We will strengthen our already-strong, country-based organizations to provide even deeper knowledge of local consumers and stronger partnerships with
our customers. These local market organizations will be essential to bringing our product initiatives to consumers with the highest impact possible.
•	We will create a new Global Business Services organization to support the global business units and the local market organizations.This move will bring together business services that are currently dispersed throughout the organization. It will also help us achieve significant economies of scale, while improving the overall quality and speed of these services.
•	And finally, we will streamline our corporate staff We will align many corporate resources with the business units and refocus others on developing the cutting-edge, functional knowledge and innovation important to our future growth and success.
To support these new structural advantages, we are also making important changes in our culture and in our reward system - all to encourage greater speed, innovation and flexibility in the organization.

2
 
Taken together, we believe these improvements will enable us to build stronger global brands; achieve faster, bigger innovation; produce accelerated business growth; and result in greater satisfaction for our people. These are the kinds of changes we've made throughout P&G's 161- year history - changes always designed to get us closer to consumers and to keep our business growing at a level we - and you - have every right to expect, given the extraordinary caliber of the men and women of Procter & Gamble.

A BIG IDEA
It's been a good year. And we are committed to making  the future even  better.We owe it to people like Maynard Danker. And we owe it to you, the fellow owners of our
Company.We want to ensure that whenever and wherever people see P&G or its brands, they can say to themselves, " Now that's a big idea."


 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Durk I. Jager
President and Chief Operating Officer
 

July 30, 1998

"Way "We	can  for people around	the "World.














 

Laundry &
Cleaning Products
 

Paper Products
 

Beauty Care Products
 

Health Care Products
 

Food & Beverage Products
 



ACE BLEACH ARIEL	

ALWAYS / WHISPER BOUNTY	


COVER GIRL
HEAD & SHOULDERS	

ASACOL BLEND-A-M ED	

CRISCO FOLGERS
BOUNCE	CHARMIN	IVORY	CHLORASEPTIC	HAWAIIAN PUNCH
CASCADE	LUVS	MAX FACTOR	CREST	JIF
CHEER	PAMPERS	OIL OF OLAY	DIDRONEL	MILLSTONE
DAWN	PAMPERS WIPES	OLD SPICE	MACRO BID	OLEAN
DOWNY	PUFFS	PANTENE PRO-V	NYQUIL	PRING LES
FAIRY	TAMPAX	PERT PLUS	PEPTO-BISMOL	PUN I CA
JOY LENOR
MR. CLEAN	TEMPO	REJOICE SAFEGUARD
SECRET	SCOPE
VICKS FORMULA 44 VICKS VAPORUB	SUNNY DELIGHT
TIDE		SK-II		
		VIDAL SASSOON		
		ZEST		


3
