  Dear Shareholders,
Fiscal 2000 was a tough year. Earnings came in below the goals we had originally established and felt we could achieve. In our drive to meet changes in the marketplace – globalization, the Internet, con- solidation among retailers – we tried to do too much too fast. As a result, we lost critical balance in several key areas:
> We grew top-line sales more than we had over the past few years, but bottom-line earnings growth came in below historical rates.
> We introduced more new brands than during any other period in our history, but our biggest, most profitable brands didn’t grow at acceptable rates.
> We invested for the future – in new businesses and developing markets – but some costs grew faster than revenues.
> We made important leadership changes, placing people into new jobs as part of our organizational restructuring, but we lost continuity in some parts of the business.
Even in the face of these challenges, our core earnings were above a year ago – delivering record results.
> Net sales grew 5% on 4% unit volume growth – very strong improvement over last year, when volume was flat.
> Net earnings were $3.5 billion or $2.47 per share, compared to $3.8 billion or $2.59 per share in 1999.
> Core net earnings, which exclude $688 million of Organization 2005 costs, were $4.2 billion. Core earnings per share grew 4% to $2.95.
While these results demonstrate progress, P&G is capable of delivering better results.We are confident we can reestablish the balance needed to deliver top-line revenue growth and bottom-line earnings growth.We have the core competencies and strengths to win; our new organizational design remains fundamentally right; and we have a focused plan to drive both sales
and profit growth.
FUNDAMENTALS TO WIN
Our goal is simple: to create the most successful global brands in every category everywhere we compete.And we have the strengths to do it.
Today P&G has more leading brands than any other consumer products company in the world.We have strong relationships with our retail customers around the world.And our innova- tive people continue to set industry standards.
    A.G. Lafley and John E. Pepper

 2
 TEN P&G BRANDS HAVE BILLION-DOLLAR SALES
BigLeadershipBrands P&G’smegabrandsgenerate significant sales and hold strong leadership positions. Eight brands are global leaders in their categories. Ten P&G brands each generate over a billion dollars in sales a year – far more billion-dollar brands than our key competitors. Our 10 largest brands, together, would be a Fortune 100 company. And we have several other brands already in the market that we believe have billion-dollar potential.
Superior Customer Relationships In a recent U.S. survey by Cannondale Associates, retailers were asked to rank manufacturers on a number of competencies. P&G was ranked number one in virtually every category:
> “Clearest Company Strategy”
> “Brands Most Important to Retailers” > “Best Brand Marketers Overall”
> “Most Innovative Marketing Programs”
This high regard by our customers is increasingly important.Today, our top 30 customers represent nearly 45% of our total volume, and we expect them to account for more than half of our volume by 2005. More importantly, these customers contributed about two-thirds of our recent volume growth and have a strong potential to drive future growth.
Innovation Leadership The quality of our people continues to be our most valuable asset. And that quality is demonstrated by the innovation of our organization.
> More than 8,000 scientists and researchers are accelerating the pace of new product and technology invention.
> We have a global innovation network of 18 technical centers in nine countries on four continents.
> P&G holds more than 27,000 patents and applies for 3,000 more each year – or roughly 10 a day! In fact, we are among the top 10 patent-producing companies in the world – well ahead of any
other consumer products company.
Importantly, innovation isn’t limited to products alone. P&G people are innovative leaders in every part of our business. For example:
> We are pioneering new Internet-based business models. Last year, we launched our initial Internet brand, reflect.com, the first to offer truly personalized beauty care products online.This venture

 is enabling us to get valuable experience in both Internet marketing and mass customization
of products.
> We led the formation of a consortium of more than 50 companies to create a consumer products
industry marketplace called Transora.This business-to-business portal will enable companies in our industry to buy and sell more than $200 billion of supplies and services annually, and will result in substantial savings for P&G.
What we hope you see from these examples is that P&G – through the men and women who make up our Company – is more than ever an industry innovator and leader.
RIGHT ORGANIZATION DESIGN
To gain even more value from our basic strengths, we have changed the way we’re organized and the way we work. Our goals were to make it easy for innovation to flow across the enterprise and around the world; to learn directly from consumers as early as possible; and to profitably commercialize the best ideas and inventions quickly.
We’re doing all that. Global Business Units flow product innovations across categories and geographic markets. Market Development Organizations get initiatives to local markets faster, more creatively, at less cost.And our Global Business Services organization leverages our size to deliver better-quality services internally at significantly lower cost to the Company.
We designed our new organization to be global and local at the same time – a paradoxical challenge that we believe is key to our future success.
OUR ACTION PLAN FOR PROFITABLE GROWTH
We have learned a lot from our experience over the past year, and have applied this learning to a four-point plan to drive both sales and profit growth.
First, we are focusing sharply on building our biggest, strongest global brands, the core of our business. We need to be sure we are consistently growing our
market share on these brands.
Second, we are making tougher choices about investing in new products and new businesses. We’ll use fast-cycle learning tech- niques to get rapid consumer validation of our biggest ideas, and commercialize those ideas more quickly worldwide.
02
P&G’S ACTION PLAN FOR GROWTH
BUILD BIG BRANDS
Third, we are working hard to get even more value from our strong customer relationships. We’ll build on this strength by collaborating more closely with customers.The result will be even more innovative marketing programs for new and established brands alike.
03
04 REDUCE COSTS AND IMPROVE
01
INVEST IN INNOVATION
DEEPEN CUSTOMER PARTNERSHIPS
CASH MANAGEMENT
>>
3
 >

4
  Fourth, we are placing greater emphasis on rigorous cost control and cash management. We deployed teams to drive out waste and to find new efficiencies in overhead management, marketing support and product costs. In addition, we’ve renewed our emphasis on capital investment and working-capital efficiency.
We highlight some of our efforts in these areas on pages 8 – 11.
A PASSION FOR WINNING
P&G people are accustomed to being winners and to doing what we commit to do – or better. We take great pride in our brands, our innovation leadership, our customer relationships, the trust we’ve earned from consumers – and our ability to deliver steady, reliable growth for our shareholders.
Whenever our leadership in any of these areas is challenged, we take it seriously. And personally. For example, in the mid-’80s, we faced a significant financial setback. Earnings for fiscal 1985 declined
29% from the previous year. Back then we addressed the issues head-on, just as we’re doing now. In the 15 years since, sales have grown from $13.6 billion to $40 billion – a rate of 7% per year. And profits have increased from a little more than $600 million to $4.2 billion, an average growth rate of more than 13% per year.
We don’t point to these numbers as any kind of forecast, but they do underscore that we’ve faced major problems in the past and have overcome them. By addressing those problems just as we are tackling present issues, we continued to deliver the leadership levels of growth that both you and we expect from P&G.
We are at our best when working on tough challenges because P&G people have such a tremendous passion for winning. In fact, that passion is our defining characteristic as an organization. And it is that passion that will ensure P&G maintains its rightful place as the preeminent consumer products company in the world.
   John E. Pepper Chairman of the Board August 1, 2000
MANAGEMENT CHANGE
A. G. Lafley
President and Chief Executive August 1, 2000
After 30 years of service, Durk I. Jager retired July 1 as chairman, president, chief executive and a director of P&G. His visionary leadership and many contributions accelerated the pace of product innovation for the Company. He has left a legacy of innovation, not only in new brands, but also in areas such as use of the Internet and strengthening of customer relations. His emphasis
on a culture that reaches out for breakthroughs has provided a strong foundation for future progress.
