2 The Procter & Gamble Company and Subsidiaries
Fellow Shareholders:
P&G delivered another year of strong business and financial results in fiscal 2006. We have met or exceeded P&G’s long-term sales growth goal for five consecutive years, and are now focused on delivering a full decade of industry-leading top- and bottom-line growth.
I am confident we can meet this challenge because of the strong foundation we’ve built during the first half of this decade. We have clear strategies, with plenty of room for growth in each strategic focus area; core strengths in the competencies that matter most in our industry; and a unique organizational structure that enables P&G strategies and leverages P&G strengths.
Strategy, strengths and structure create capability and opportunity. I have written consistently about these factors for several years now. I reiterate them again this year because I remain confident these three factors will enable P&G to innovate better and faster, to operate even more productively, and to deliver consistent sales and earnings growth and cash productivity for the next five years.
A.G. Lafley
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
 Fiscal 2006 Results
P&G’s performance in fiscal 2006 demonstrated the Company’s ability to sustain growth. We increased net sales 20% to more than $68 billion; organic sales increased 7%(1). Every business segment delivered year-on-year organic sales growth; Fabric Care and Home Care, Beauty, and Health Care delivered the strongest growth, each growing sales ahead of the Company’s post-Gillette 4% to 6% organic top-line goal. Every geographic region posted organic volume and sales growth, led by double-digit growth in developing markets.
Earnings per share increased 4% to $2.64, despite a -8% to -9% impact from Gillette dilution, which is slightly better than the dilution guidance we provided when we completed the acquisition in October 2005. Excluding Gillette dilution, P&G earnings per share were up 12% to 13%(2), ahead of the 10%+ long-term goal. Net earnings increased 25% to $8.7 billion,
(1) Organic sales exclude the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange (13% in 2006).
(2) EPS excluding Gillette dilution is comprised of 4% EPS growth, less the -8% to -9% dilution impact from Gillette.
behind the addition of Gillette as well as sales growth and margin expansion on established businesses.
Free cash flow was $8.7(3) billion, or 100% of net earnings.
This is ahead of our long-term cash productivity(4) goal, which is to generate free cash flow equivalent to at least 90% of net earnings. P&G’s cash performance in fiscal 2006 was due largely to earnings growth on existing P&G businesses, the addition
of Gillette earnings, and strong progress on working capital.
On Track with Gillette
I am very pleased with the progress we have made on the integration of Gillette. We completed fiscal 2006 at the low end of the dilution range we provided, and are on track with our commitment to return P&G to double-digit earnings-per-share growth in fiscal 2008. We are also on track to deliver the financial
(3) Free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital spending. (4) Free cash flow productivity is the ratio of free cash flow to net earnings.

20 25
Net Sales Net Earnings
commitments we made when we asked shareholders to approve the acquisition:
• $1.0 – 1.2 billion in annual cost synergies (before taxes) by fiscal 2008
• 1% incremental annual sales growth from revenue synergies through 2010
On July 1, 2006, nine months after closing the acquisition, we completed the largest wave of business systems integration so far. We integrated systems in 26 countries, spanning five geographic regions, representing about 20% of sales. This brings the number of integrated countries to 31; we are now taking orders, shipping products, and receiving payments as a single company in these countries. We managed these conversions with minimal business interruptions, which reinforces our confidence that we can successfully integrate the vast majority of remaining countries over the next six months.
We also continued to integrate distributor networks in several developing countries. We expect to have the majority of these integrations complete this calendar year. Once we’ve fully
+
100
to13
EPS Excluding Gillette Dilution
Free Cash Flow Productivity
The Procter & Gamble Company and Subsidiaries 3
    12% +%+%%%
 P&G Report Card
Progress Against P&G’s Long-Term Goals
and Strategies
GROWTH RESULTS
Organic Sales Growth Earnings-per-Share Growth Free Cash Flow Productivity
GROWTH STRATEGIES
Grow from the core:(7) Leading Brands, Big Markets, Top Customers
  Volume up 7%,(8) on average, for P&G’s 17 billion- dollar brands
Volume up 8%, on average, for P&G’s top 16 countries
2001–2006
(average annual) 6%(5)
12%(6) 124%
Volume up 8%, on average, for P&G’s top 10 retail customers
Home Care sales up nearly 70%; profit more
than tripled
Developing market profit margins comparable to developed market margins
   Develop faster-growing, higher-margin, more structurally attractive businesses
   Beauty sales doubled to $21.1 billion; profit more than doubled, to $3.1 billion
Health Care sales more
than doubled
to $7.9 billion; profit more than quadrupled to $1.2 billion
Accelerate growth in developing markets and among low-income consumers
   Developing market sales up 16% per year
Nearly one-third of total-company sales growth from developing markets
 Gillette FUSION is the best-selling new product in the consumer products
industry in 2006.
(5) Organic sales exclude the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange (6% on average in 2001-2006).
(6) Excludes amortization of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, no longer required under accounting rules beginning in 2002, and Organization 2005 restructuring charges per share of $0.61 in 2001, $0.26 in 2002, and $0.19 in 2003.
(7) Excludes Gillette.
(8) Excludes the initial-year impact of adding newly acquired billion-dollar brands to the portfolio.

4 The Procter & Gamble Company and Subsidiaries
integrated P&G and Gillette distributors, we will provide expanded distribution for Gillette products —and in some cases, for P&G products, as well. We are also lowering the distribution costs per case for both Gillette and P&G brands. During these integrations we are experiencing some short-term inventory reductions which, along with a number of retailer inventory-reduction programs, have had a short-term negative impact on Gillette sales growth. These inventory reductions were largely expected. Most important is that consumer demand for Gillette brands remains very strong. Consumption on Gillette’s major brands continues to grow, which provides assurance the Gillette businesses remain healthy.
Gillette is a catalyst that is making P&G a better brand-builder and a stronger innovation leader. As a result, we’ve approached the Gillette integration differently than past acquisitions. We have benchmarked best practices from both companies in every critical part of the business. Where P&G is strongest, we’re bringing P&G approaches to Gillette. Where Gillette is strongest, we’re bringing those capabilities to P&G. And where there are opportunities to combine the best of both companies, we are creating even better and stronger capability than either company could ever have built on its own.
I want to express my deep appreciation to the men and women from Gillette and P&G who have delivered the progress I’ve noted here. They have worked tirelessly and with extraordinary professionalism over the past several months to serve consumers, to integrate systems and external partners, to meet the needs
of retail customers, and to manage the transition of nearly 30,000 Gillette employees.
I have no doubt that P&G and Gillette are stronger together than alone, and that our combined company can deliver our accelerated growth targets over the balance of the decade.
Sustaining Growth
P&G’s performance in fiscal 2006 continues the consistent growth we have delivered in the first half of the decade. Since 2001:
• Net sales have increased 12% per year. Organic sales have increased 6% per year. Total sales have grown from $39 billion to $68 billion.
• Earnings per share have grown an average of 12% per year.
• Free cash flow has grown to nearly $9 billion per year, totaling more than $35 billion over the past five years.
This is industry-leading performance, but we recognize that sustaining growth in the second half of the decade could be more difficult than in the first half because the external environment is becoming more challenging in three areas: consumers, competitors, and commodity and energy costs.
Consumers. The shift in power to consumers is accelerating.
We can see this most clearly in the explosion of consumer choice. Consumers have more brands, products and services to choose from in every industry in every market. As a result, consumers expect more from the brands they buy and use every day. They expect manufacturers and retailers to communicate with and to listen to them more carefully, to learn from them, and to meet their needs and wants.
Competitors. P&G competes against some of the best companies in the world, companies with great brands and strong capabilities. In addition, many retailers are creating retailer brands and product lines that compete more directly with manufacturers’ brands.
We also compete with more local, low-cost manufacturers in developing countries.
Commodity and Energy Costs. Rising commodity and energy costs will continue to be a challenge. In fiscal 2005, we had to absorb about $750 million in increased costs for energy and raw materials and we’ve had to cover about the same amount this year. We expect raw material and energy costs to be up in fiscal 2007 versus the prior year, though current estimates indicate the increase should be smaller than in the past two years.
To respond to these and other challenges, we must continue to lead innovation, reduce costs, and improve overall productivity. I’m confident we can do it. We have the strategies, strengths and structure that create the capability and the opportunity to grow.
CLEAR STRATEGIES
P&G’s growth strategies are clear and robust.
• Continue to grow P&G’s core businesses: Leading brands, big growing markets, and winning retail customers, leveraging P&G’s core strengths and core technologies.
• Develop faster-growing, higher-margin, more structurally attractive businesses in which P&G has significant potential to achieve global leadership.
• Grow disproportionately in developing markets to serve more low-income consumers.
We have grown substantially in all three strategic focus areas over the past five years, and we have further room to grow.
P&G’s strategies focus the Company on growth opportunities that play to P&G’s strengths. These strategies have enabled us to create a diversified and balanced portfolio of businesses, geographic markets, and retail customers, which increases the Company’s flexibility to deliver consistent sustainable growth.
To deliver a strong second half of the decade, we will continue to execute P&G’s strategies with excellence.

The Procter & Gamble Company and Subsidiaries 5
 P&G Growth Strategies Core
businesses
Growth
P&G’s portfolio of billion-dollar brands has grown sales 8%(9) per year. We’ve increased sales nearly 9%(10) per year in our 16 largest geographic markets. And we have grown share with P&G’s top retail customers. We’ve leveraged P&G strengths and technologies in every core business.
Growth Opportunity
P&G is the global leader in Baby Care, Feminine Care, and Fabric Care, with 32% to 36% global shares in these major categories. In our strongest large markets, however,
we have shares that exceed 50% — and the Gillette Blades and Razors business is still growing with global shares in excess of 70%. We’re well positioned to capture more of this growth opportunity.
Fast-growth high-margin businesses
Developing markets
      Growth
Growth
P&G has more than doubled sales in faster- growing, higher-margin categories such
as beauty, health care, and home care. More than 70% of the Company’s growth, or roughly $20 billion in net sales, has come from organic growth and strategic acquisitions in these businesses. Well over half of P&G sales now comes from these faster-growing, higher-margin businesses.
Growth Opportunity
We compete in beauty and health care categories that represent more than a $350 billion global market, growing 5% a year on average. P&G has less than a 10% share of this combined market. There is no doubt that Beauty and Health Care will continue to drive disproportionate growth for P&G through the end of the decade.
We have increased sales in developing markets 16% per year over the past five years and have achieved after-tax margins comparable to developed markets. Nearly a third of total- company sales growth since the beginning of the decade has come from developing markets.
Growth Opportunity
In the categories in which P&G competes, developing countries represent a $200 billion market and is expected to approach $250 billion by 2010. We currently compete in only about 10 of P&G’s top 25 categories in most developing countries. There is more than $20 billion of growth opportunity over the next several years through expansion of P&G’s category presence and increased share growth.
CORE STRENGTHS
P&G’s core strengths are in the competencies that matter most in the consumer products industry:
• Shopper and consumer understanding • Branding
• Innovation
• Go-to-market capability
• Global scale
Our ability to combine these strengths creates significant and sustainable competitive advantage.
Consumer and shopper understanding is the foundation.
P&G interacts with more than four million consumers a year in nearly 60 countries. We conduct more than 10,000 research studies each year, and invest more than $200 million per year in consumer and market understanding. Our research spans more than 25 product categories, providing a more complete understanding of consumers than companies focused more narrowly on a few categories. We see innovation opportunities that others do not see.
(9) Excludes the initial-year impact of adding newly acquired billion-dollar brands to the portfolio. (10) Excludes Gillette.
Once we know where the opportunities are, we bring tremendous innovative resources to the task. In addition to P&G’s product-category breadth, we have deep technical expertise in a diverse mix of technologies from enzymes to fragrances to surfactants to substrates. As a result, we have access to more internal technologies than any other consumer products company. We multiply this internal innovation capability by reaching outside P&G to a global network of nearly two million researchers in technology areas connected to P&G businesses. This “connect and develop” collaboration results in a bigger and stronger innovation pipeline.
P&G’s brand-building strength and go-to-market capability enable us to commercialize a larger innovation pipeline. P&G’s leading global brands are platforms for innovation. We can bring new products to market on brands that already have strong equities and deep consumer trust; this increases consumer trial and retail customer support. P&G has also been a courageous leader by creating new categories with new brands such as Febreze, Swiffer, Kandoo, Prilosec OTC, and ThermaCare. For both new and existing brands, we leverage P&G’s strong customer partnerships and local market knowledge to maximize consumer trial and the ultimate commercial success of new initiatives.

6 The Procter & Gamble Company and Subsidiaries
P&G’s global scale creates advantage for global business units and for local market development organizations.
P&G has scale advantages on three levels: company, category
and country. At the total-company level, P&G is able to leverage global scale to drive out costs consumers and customers should not have to pay for. In addition, P&G’s company scale enables interconnectivity—internally, between diverse businesses with complementary technologies, and externally, by attracting the best suppliers and innovation partners in the world. At the category level, P&G is able to leverage its category leadership to develop the technologies, capability and knowledge critical to winning in a particular business. At the country level, P&G’s breadth of businesses enables us to learn about more aspects of more consumers’ lives and, as a result, to identify a much broader range of innovation possibilities—and P&G’s brand lineup and customer business development capabilities enable us to develop highly collaborative partnerships with retailers of all sizes. The ability to transfer knowledge across all three levels —total company, cat- egory, and country —creates the greatest and most sustainable competitive advantage.
We will continue to build these strengths and leverage them for sustainable growth in the second half of the decade.
UNIQUE ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE
We get the full value of the Company’s strengths with a unique organizational structure and supporting work systems. P&G is the only consumer products company with global business unit profit centers, a global Market Development Organization, and global shared business services, all supported by innovative corporate functions.
We are essentially running a number of highly focused companies that share common go-to-market operations and business services. We’ve made it possible for each business unit to focus on its individual consumers, customers and competitors while capturing all the capability, knowledge and scale of a $70 billion global company. In addition, we have created the capability to collaborate, learn quickly from one another, and reapply successes across P&G businesses.
The primary benefit of allowing business units to focus singularly on consumers, customers and competitors in their individual categories is evident in the growth of P&G’s Skin Care, Oral Care, Feminine Care, and Home Care businesses. These four businesses have delivered 11% average sales growth over the past six years, adding nearly $1 billion per year in sales since the beginning of the decade. In the old structure, and with past strategies, these businesses were not a priority. They did not get full attention from business leaders who had to keep core businesses growing while also supporting all the go-to-market and business services activities that were vertically integrated within the business units.
In the much more agile, flexible and responsive current structure, these limitations have been stripped away and businesses such as Skin Care and Home Care have become strong global businesses in their own right, with the resources and focus necessary to grow. Their growth potential has been unleashed, and these businesses have emerged as disproportionate growth drivers —even as core businesses such as Fabric Care, Baby Care and Hair Care have continued to grow ahead of their categories simultaneously.
Organizational structure can be a liability, particularly for large, diversified multinational companies. By linking structure so tightly with strategies and strengths, we have made organization design and supporting business systems critical enablers of sustainable growth.
Confidence in Sustainable Growth
I’m proud of what P&G people have achieved. Fiscal 2006 was not an easy year. We had to cope with natural disasters, offset the largest commodity and energy hikes since the 1970s, and respond to intense competitive pressure. We had to integrate Gillette. We had to exceed our own strong performance in the prior year. And, of course, we had to delight consumers and jointly create value with retail customers in every part of our business.
Despite these challenges, we delivered a strong year and completed a half-decade of consistent, sustainable growth. We will not let up.
• Our strategies will focus resources against growth opportunities where we have the greatest potential to grow and to create shareholder value.
• Our core strengths will enable us to innovate and to bring innovation to market faster, more effectively and more efficiently than competition.
• Our organization structure will enable us to execute strategies with disciplined excellence.
We remain focused on a bright future. P&G’s strategies, strengths and structure create the capability to lead innovation and to continually increase productivity—the keys to capturing the opportunities for growth that exist in all of P&G’s businesses.
 A.G. Lafley
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
August 8, 2006
