 To Our Shareholders
Throughout Parker’s history, through the best and worst of times, our leaders believed anything was possible. When Arthur Parker lost his startup company’s entire inventory (and with it his life’s savings) over the eroded edge of a mountain roadway, he resolved to start over again. When the idea of transatlantic flight was considered foolhardy, Parker developed the first leak-free fuel system and hydraulic mechanisms to make it a reality.
Looking forward to the year in which we’ll mark the centennial of manned flight, we like the possibilities we see. Certainly, with all of the turmoil of the past year, we endured the worst industrial recession any of us has seen in decades. We took all of the necessary short- term actions to get through it and emerge stronger.
Parker President and CEO Don Washkewicz (left) with Chairman of the Board Duane Collins.
At this writing, we are approaching an important launch point – a position from which we are sustaining our future, and long-term growth: Building on our vision to be the premier provider of motion and control systems that improve the quality and standard of living, we have the plan and the passion to make this good company great.
The Win Strategy is our company-wide effort to raise the industry standard of premier customer service; to achieve the highest-caliber financial performance; and to increase profitable growth to serve the interests of our customers, shareholders and employees.
In this strategy we are doing some things differently, and asking our employees to see themselves in the context of the greater company. We are aligning teams according to markets, unifying every strength we possess to meet the needs of our customers and outpace competitors.
 3

Redefining Premier in
Customer Service through Innovation
We are applying unique motion-control engineering competencies to develop new products and process designs, all with the aim of exceeding customers’ expectations by making their applications work faster, cleaner, safer, smaller, quieter, and more efficiently. Examples of these innovations are referenced throughout this report, from patented new technologies to thoroughly integrated systems.
Systems and total Parker solutions: We are doing more for our customers than ever before, bringing the full extent of our product breadth, application engineers and technical services. Beyond components, we’re now designing and delivering integrated motion-control systems for airplanes, mobile equipment, manufacturing and refrigeration. From concept through field test, this is about achieving win-win customer partnerships, and ensuring our market value.
Value-added services: We continue to offer extra value and convenience via service centers and distributors offering training, inventory management, kitting, field maintenance and Parker stores, now numbering 400 worldwide. To this extent, our products and support services are available everywhere, by every means possible.
E-business: Our PHconnect portal is up and running with more than 2,500 users, giving our customers, distributors and suppliers the advantage of speed and seamless transactions. And it’s integrated with our back-office systems to increase efficiencies from order management to fulfillment.
Accelerating Financial Performance
Our principal financial objectives are to maintain a healthy "above-line" return on net assets exceeding
the cost of capital, and to achieve a significant, sustainable improvement in our operating profit.
As last year’s results reflect, it’s difficult to meet these marks during a downturn, especially if we simply continue to do what we’ve always done before. To perform better through future economic valleys, we’re doing some things differently to strengthen our supply chain at each critical point:
Strategic procurement: We’re establishing competitive, long-term contracts with our suppliers to collaborate more closely with them in product development and achieve ongoing continuous improvement in our partnerships. As a result, we’re leveraging our combined efforts and bringing millions of dollars in annual savings to the bottom line.
Lean: At Parker, our brand of "lean" is more than a manufacturing philosophy; it’s an innovation in the way we do things, assuming everything can be done better, and engaging every member of the team in the improvement process. Looking at the early results, we see plenty of opportunity to take time, cost and inventory out of our work, all while improving
customer service.
Strategic pricing: Applying a high degree of analysis and discipline, we’re working on partnerships to align pricing with market strengths and volumes. The result is greater market-based pricing integrity, and
value calibrated to our competencies and customer priorities.
FY02 Parker Top Markets underscore Parker's diversity, 20 of which are labeled here.
      Trans Equip Const Mach
Gen Ind Mach HD Ind Trucks Motor Veh Equip
Aero/Comm Trans Metal fab & mach Ag/Farm Mach Aircraft Eng/Comm Ind & Comm Mach
Aero/Commuter
Ind Supply Whlsale Aero Military Fghtrs Aero BizJet Gen Avtn Machine Tool
Oil & Gas
Aero/Military Heli
Elect, Comput & Telecom Aircraft Eng/Military Petrochem
                4

Driving for Profitable Growth
Leading market share: We are positioning Parker to be the number-one or number-two player in every market we serve, gaining market share as a full-line supplier offering everything our customers need, everywhere they need us to be.
Developing the business: Every R&D investment, acquisition, geographic expansion and market entry we make must support our position as the leading, full-line supplier of motion and control products, systems and knowledge. Last year, we funded 150 development projects and garnered big wins supplying systems to mobile and aerospace customers. Among them, we won a major contract to design and produce fuel, engine and flight control systems for the Lockheed Martin Joint Strike Fighter. This program alone is worth about $5 billion in original-equipment revenues with greater potential in the aftermarket to Parker.
Strategic acquisitions added more than $737 million in revenues and $22 million in operating earnings last year, while we paid an average of 65 cents for every dollar of sales. We welcomed:
  • Chelsea power take-offs in hydraulics • Dayco industrial hose
• IPS automation framing systems
• Atenas climate systems in Brazil
• Air conditioning & refrigeration systems • Italian hose manufacturer ITR
• Farr engine filtration
We also created strategic alliances offering global marketing and development synergies, including Animatics integrated motor control; Myotoku/Convum vacuum-technology; and Taiyo actuation.
We’ve made the transition from a machine-components supplier to the leading player in a global motion-control industry. In challenges met and successes won, we are most thankful for the enduring support of our customers, employees and shareholders.
 Our most important job is the care and keeping of your trust. Well-grounded in the stick-to-it resolve of our founding family, Parker remains an organization driven to improve itself, and focused on serving the interests of society in the way we know best: Smart engineering in motion and control; helping our customers achieve great and ordinary things.
We have a specific strategy to win, and we are executing it with accountability, measuring ourselves on a common scorecard, and challenging ourselves to achieve our greatest potential. We have the conviction and commitment to execute this plan. We believe Parker’s best years are in front of us. So you have our promise: Anything possible.
Donald E. Washkewicz
President and Chief Executive Officer
Duane E. Collins Chairman of the Board
  September 10, 2002
5
 