                2
Letter to Shareholders
 Donald E. Washkewicz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
This year, as we bridge from one decade to another, it is worth reflecting on how far we have come as an organization in the past 10 years and what the future may hold for Parker Hannifin. We are strongly positioned financially and the breadth and depth of our motion and control technologies are allowing innovation to occur in new ways to solve some of the greatest engineering challenges of our time.
In fiscal 2010, we closed out a decade which brought one of the longest and richest economic expansions in history followed abruptly by the deepest global recession since the Great Depression of the 1930s. Throughout all of the ups and downs of the past decade, our employees and management team have paid close attention to the needs of our customers and conditions in our markets, and they have responded appropriately and decisively. The one constant factor that has driven our performance and expanded our capabilities throughout these years has been a steadfast focus on our customers and meeting their needs to improve productivity and profitability through the implementation of the Win Strategy. Since its inception in 2001, this singular guidepost has steered the company’s performance to new heights and has positioned us strongly for what lies ahead.

                Fiscal 2010 Results
In fiscal 2010, a continued decline in order rates and sales, as a result of the global recession, forced us
to adjust the priorities of the organization to reflect the realities of our circumstances. We had to make difficult choices, including continued rationalization of employment levels, extended pay reductions and shortened work weeks. We focused our priorities
on managing the business for cash, maintaining balance sheet strength and targeting 10 percent total segment operating margins.
As a result of these actions, our net profit margin performance was much higher than it was at the lowest point of past recessions. This is despite the fact that this cycle has had a far more devastating impact on the economy and global demand levels. Even more importantly, the financial strength of the company was maintained and we generated strong operating cash flow of $1.2 billion, while also exceeding a targeted 10 percent segment operating margin, among many other highlights. There was nothing easy about fiscal 2010, but we demonstrated our resolve and exhibited our ability to produce strong performance, as shown in the following results:
• Despite being slightly down on sales for the year, we generated increased operating margins, net income, diluted earnings per share and cash flow from operations.
• Net sales were $10.0 billion in fiscal 2010, representing a 3 percent decline from the previous year. Organic sales declined 5 percent but this was partially offset by acquisitions and foreign currency translation, which each contributed 1 percent to sales.
• Total segment operating profit was $1.1 billion and total segment operating margin was 11.4 percent, a significant increase compared with 9.7 percent in fiscal 2009 and significantly higher than previous recessions.
• Net income attributable to common shareholders was $554.1 million, or 5.5 percent of sales, an increase of 9 percent compared with fiscal 2009. Diluted earnings per share were $3.40 in fiscal 2010, compared with $3.13 in fiscal 2009.
• Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.2 billion, which was a record 12.2 percent of sales, compared with 11.0 percent in fiscal 2009.
• Strong cash generation allowed us to deliver shareholder returns through quarterly dividends and the ongoing share repurchase program. Our cash performance allowed Parker to increase its annual dividend payout for the 54th consecutive year in fiscal 2010 and is now paying 27 cents per common share, per quarter.
Market conditions began to recover toward the
end of fiscal 2010 as evidenced by increased order rates and Parker is better positioned than ever for sustained growth and profitability in fiscal 2011 and well into the future.
DRawing on ouR stRengths
In the coming decade, the company is poised for growth as our core technologies are directed at helping our customers become more productive and profitable by addressing some of the world’s greatest engineering challenges.
To meet these challenges, we will draw on the strength of our leadership position in the motion and control industry, the breadth of our technology expertise, our reputation for superior performance, and the talent, drive and ambition of our 55,000 employees located in every region of the world. As we do so, we expect to drive consistent growth in revenue, earnings and value for our shareholders.
Looking at the myriad of engineering challenges that we have yet to address, it is easy to see that opportunities for growth are significant. In fact, we estimate that our target markets have the potential to generate as much as $100 billion worth of annual revenue for the motion and control technologies in which we compete.
The goal we have set is to achieve at least a 10 percent compound annual growth rate. Given the fragmented basis of competition in our industry, we anticipate that half of the growth will come from acquisitions, as we remain the consolidator of choice, and half will be generated organically, represented as growth excluding currency effects and acquisitions.
In fiscal 2010, we prudently refrained from making further acquisitions so we could maintain a strong balance sheet. We expect acquisitions to continue to play a key role in our growth strategy going forward and we anticipate a healthy pipeline as economic conditions improve. In pursuing acquisitions, we intend to concentrate on businesses that support our mission to be the number one motion and control company and allow us to enter new markets and new geographies. By bringing a strong operating discipline to each of our acquired companies through the deployment of the Win Strategy, we target a 600-basis-point improvement in operating margins for acquired businesses. This is precisely how Parker adds value.
3

                Our organic growth strategy centers on a range
of initiatives as we pursue an aggressive new product strategy, expand our position in existing markets, penetrate new end markets and emerging international markets, and further develop our unrivaled channel to market through strong distribution.
solVing the gReatest engineeRing challenges
We are increasingly focusing our innovations and acquisitions to address the significant engineering challenges highlighted throughout this annual report. We have established distinct business units, each with a market focus to penetrate many of these emerging and fast-growing markets. These units represent a single face to the market and are able to leverage Parker’s deep technical capabilities across traditional group and division boundaries. Many of the exciting breakthrough technologies that are now being developed by Parker embody this new spirit of collaboration.
We continued to fund research and development activities that are bringing many new opportunities to the forefront as we pursue growth. In fact, in
an effort to concentrate resources on higher-value projects through the discipline of our Winovation process, we have continued to reduce the total number of active projects in the pipeline while the actual estimated value of the pipeline has increased significantly, an indication of our development efficiency.
In fiscal 2010 we made significant progress in new product and systems development:
• We announced initial commercial orders for our hydraulic hybrid system, including those used in the production of 20 delivery vehicles for United Parcel Service and 11 systems for use on refuse vehicles by several municipalities in Florida. This remarkable system replaces the conventional drivetrain on the vehicle and can generate as much as
a 50 to 70 percent increase in miles per gallon with an
 9.0% 8.0% 7.0% 6.0% 5.0% 4.0% 3.0% 2.0% 1.0% 0.0%
14.0% 12.0% 10.0%
8.0% 6.0% 4.0% 2.0% 0.0%
90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10
Manufacturing Recessions
Net income attributable to common shareholders as a percentage of sales at the bottom of each recessionary period (floor) has been progressively higher in each subsequent period. Similarly, at the peak of each economic expansion our net profit margins have reached new heights (ceiling), a strong indicator that the performance of the company is improving.
Raising the Floor & Ceiling on Margins Net Income Attributable to Common Shareholders (% of Sales)
                       Consistent Operating Cash Flows Net Cash Provided by Operations (% of Sales)
                             4
90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 10
Parker has delivered consistent operating cash flow through economic cycles over the past 20 years culminating in record operating cash-to-sales in fiscal 2010.

                equivalent reduction in carbon emissions when compared
to diesel fuel vehicles.
• With our increasing focus on complete systems that leverage our capabilities across technologies, we developed a unique electro-hydraulic hybrid system
for use in aerial-utility-style trucks to facilitate service work on power and communication lines. The system combines capabilities from our hydraulics and automation groups to allow electric utility trucks to operate lifts using stored energy rather than engine power. This results in significantly reduced fuel consumption, lower emissions and reduced noise levels.
• Additional innovations are demonstrating the scope of
our capabilities to address a wide variety of our greatest engineering challenges. There are many examples of such projects, including a unique filtration system designed to reduce water impurities for use in medical sterilization devices; an instrumentation device for the analysis of carcinogens in the water supply; a unique pneumatic seeding system that makes the planting of crops more efficient; a miniature valve enabling the use of a new wound therapy treatment; precision cooling technologies for more efficient heat dissipation in electronic devices; and a catalytic reduction system to reduce emissions in vehicles.
We also continued to secure large system contract wins in our aerospace group, as we were chosen
by the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, Ltd. (COMAC) to supply the primary flight control actuation system for the C919 aircraft along with the hydraulic, fuel and inerting systems. The contract
is anticipated to generate $4 billion in revenue for Parker over the life of the program. That brings our total large aerospace contract wins secured in the past three years up to an expected $18 billion over the life of these programs.
Internationally, we continued to make progress in further penetrating traditional and emerging markets:
• In May 2010, we officially opened our new Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) headquarters in Etoy, Switzerland. With key EMEA leadership now housed under one roof, we are able to closely coordinate our efforts across operating groups. We also continued to expand our distribution channel in EMEA, where our presence now extends to
33 countries. Although the general economy in the region wavered, we did enjoy growth in emerging markets such as Morocco, Algeria, Saudi Arabia and Israel, all of which is expected to help solidify our presence in this critical region.
• Within the rapidly growing Asia-Pacific region, we continued to expand our footprint and increased our revenues despite the global downturn. In particular, we witnessed very strong growth in the emerging markets of China and India. Our distribution coverage in the region expanded with the addition of 142 retail outlets, and the number of ParkerStores in the region now exceeds 700 and is at 1,700 globally. Importantly, we continued to increase our ability to serve the local markets there by extending our manufacturing presence. The majority of our products sold in the region are now made locally, and we have also added local engineering talent to our organization.
PositioneD FoR the DecaDe aheaD
From the continued progress we have made in executing the Win Strategy dating back to 2001, to the specific actions we took throughout fiscal 2010, Parker is well positioned for the future and prepared for all of the challenges and opportunities that will come throughout the next 10 years and beyond.
We have many reasons to be optimistic. We are the global leader in the motion and control market. We have a strong set of competitive advantages. We have demonstrated our ability to deliver consistent performance through all economic cycles. And we continue to exhibit outstanding financial strength and performance.
The full force of our organization is guided by a single strategy, which gives us the power of cohesive effort and a set of common goals. Almost 10 years into the deployment of the Win Strategy, many of these initiatives have become an integral part of our culture and how we operate, and they will continue to yield positive results. That puts us in a much stronger position today than when we embarked
on this journey. Although we cannot predict what will happen ahead, our sights are set on even higher levels of financial performance and growth as this decade unfolds.
I thank you, my fellow shareholders, for sharing my confidence in the future of Parker.
Sincerely,
Donald E. Washkewicz
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
August 2010
 5
