 Letter to Shareholders
Fiscal 2008 Acquisitions
HTR Holding Corp., Sealing & Shielding, US
  Don Washkewicz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President pictured with a display listing Parker’s thousands of patents; representing 90 years of innovation.
• Net income increased 14% reaching $949.5 million compared with $830.0 million in fiscal 2007. Net income as a percentage of sales was a record 7.8%.
• Diluted earnings per share reached a record $5.53, an increase of 18% compared with diluted earnings per share of $4.68 in the prior year and contributing to our five-year compound annual growth rate of 38%.
• Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.3 billion,
or 10.8% of sales, compared with $957 million in the prior year, an increase of 38%.
Our financial performance has afforded us considerable flexibil- ity to return value to our shareholders above and beyond share price appreciation. Fiscal 2008 marked the 52nd consecutive year that we have increased our annual dividend to sharehold- ers, with a 21% increase during the year. Additionally, we were active in repurchasing Parker shares by investing $585 million in our own stock. As a result, Parker’s total return to shareholders has consistently outperformed the Standard and Poor’s 500 Index over the past decade.
Strategy Progressing
During the year, we continued to make progress with our Win Strategy across our operations and took strides that will help sustain performance well into the future. Although still maturing in many parts of the company, our strategy is beginning to root itself deep in our operations and become an established way of doing business. Fiscal 2008 saw progress in each of the central themes of the strategy including initiatives in customer service, financial performance and profitable growth.
In customer service, we initiated an extensive program aimed at transforming the way we think and act in serving our customers. The program, called “I engineer success. I am Parker,” has just launched and will take time to develop. Over time, we expect
to take our performance to new heights by further instilling a culture of premier customer service at Parker.
Fiscal 2008 also saw Parker continue to apply core operating principles in the areas of strategic procurement, lean operations and strategic pricing, all focused on delivering superior financial performance. While commodity costs continue to be a concern, our discipline in these areas helped us improve operating margins for the year to a record 14.1% as we progress toward
our stated goal of 15%.
Kay Pneumatics Ltd., Pneumatics, UK
Mitos Technologies, Inc., Fluid & Gas Handling, US Parker Seal de Mexico, Sealing & Shielding, Mexico Scan Subsea ASA, Fluid & Gas Handling, Norway Shaw Aero Devices, Inc., Aerospace, US
Silver Cloud Manufacturing, Sealing & Shielding, US Texas Thermowell Industries, Process Control, US Titan Industries, Fluid & Gas Handling, US
Vansco Electronics, Hydraulics, Canada
Our focus on delivering profitable growth continued as we pursued opportunities internally and through acquisitions. We made considerable progress in both of these areas in fiscal 2008.
Diversified Strategic Acquisitions
Parker has established itself as an acquirer of choice in our industry and we continue to seek opportunities to expand our capabilities and global presence while targeting 5% annual net sales growth from acquisitions. In fiscal 2008, we broadened our presence both in the United States and internationally (see above), while simultaneously expanding into new growth markets.
Some examples include: Our acquisition of the Norwegian com- pany, Scan Subsea ASA, further establishing Parker’s presence
in the increasingly critical market of offshore oil exploration. Offshore oil exploration alone is expected to grow 15 to 20% an- nually over the next five years and offers Parker more than $1.6 billion in market potential. The acquisition of HTR Holding Corp. further established Parker as a partner to customers in the medi- cal device industry, where demographic trends are expected to drive increased healthcare consumption. In April 2008, we com- pleted the acquisition of Vansco Electronics, a global leader in the design and manufacture of electronic controls, displays and terminals, communication and operator interfaces and sensors, as well as systems for mobile equipment markets, a key growth platform for Parker.
Detailed integration activities are underway at all of our acquired companies aimed at leveraging growth opportunities and delivering improved operating margin performance. In total, these ten acquired companies had annual revenues of more than $546 million.
Record financial performance in fiscal 2008 made Parker’s 90th year our best one yet. As the global leader in motion and control tech- nologies, Parker has been partnering with customers throughout its history to improve their productivity and profitability.
Today, and well into the future, we expect to develop en- gineered solutions to serve a world increasingly seeking a higher quality of life. From the development and conversion
of renewable energy, to the extraction of natural resources for fuel, throughout this annual report you will read about how we see abundant opportunities to sustain our growth. In fact, we recently took a fresh look at our markets through an internal market assessment supplemented by third party research and we identified an estimated $100 billion of market potential for motion and control technologies. This vast opportunity reflects how we have transformed our company through strategic ac- quisitions and focused innovation, permitting us to enter into new markets for Parker.
With the diversity of our end markets and breadth and reach of our operations, pursuing opportunities of this scale can be
challenging. At Parker, since 2001, we have been applying a dis- ciplined and consistent strategy we call the Win Strategy, which has been instrumental in quietly transforming the company and improving the way we operate. Today, we are far better posi- tioned than at any time in our 90-year history to weather the ups and downs of the global economic climate and drive sustainable growth. Never was that more evident than in fiscal 2008, in which we delivered record performance despite a difficult economic environment in the United States and rising commodity prices. Our strong track record of performance and our ability to achieve our objectives gives me confidence that this year’s records will soon be surpassed.
Record Financial Results
Fiscal 2008 saw record performance across almost every major financial measure we use to track our progress as we continued to execute on our Win Strategy:
• Net sales reached a record $12.1 billion, an increase of 13% compared with fiscal 2007 and contributed to our five-year compound annual growth rate of 14%. In fiscal 2008, we grew 5% organically as market demand was mixed throughout the year. Acquisitions contributed 3% growth as part of our stated goal to be an active consolidator in our industry. The remain- ing growth stemmed from favorable foreign currency exchange.
 23
 
 Letter to Shareholders cont.
   The Win Strategy gives clarity to Parker people and operations around the world. Our vision of being the #1 motion and control company relies on empowered employees and the strategy’s pillars of premier customer service, financial performance and profitable growth.
Growth from Within
We have established important initiatives to ensure we sustain internal growth by capitalizing on our unique strengths in innovation, our unmatched distribution channel, and our growing global footprint.
We have been applying strict discipline to our new product development process over the past several years that allows us
to maximize our investments and better serve the future needs of our customers. The process, termed Winovation (see sidebar, next page), encourages innovative thinking and ideas to generate an expanding pipeline of possibilities in close collaboration with our customers. As the process has matured since its inception
in 2004, we are now at the forefront of what I believe will be an exciting next decade of new product flow for the company. As a result, we have set an ambitious target for new products to con- tribute up to 4% annualized revenue growth to help bolster our organic growth rate.
A number of exciting innovations are emerging that offer significant future potential for Parker. Combined, they offer market potential estimated at more than $6 billion:
• Parker is at the forefront of advancements in hybrid hydrau- lic technology designed to harness kinetic energy and use it to generate power, resulting in reduced energy consumption.
• Parker maintains many partnerships to drive the advance- ment of next-generation energy solutions and is currently supporting two of the largest solar fields in the world.
• Parker is developing technologies for wind turbines that will improve reliability, reduce maintenance expenses and enhance overall energy generating capacity, thereby reducing the cost of energy produced.
• Our hydraulic and electronic technologies are used to convert the power of ocean waves into clean, consistent electrical energy. Two customers are engaged in final prototype testing.
• Combining a ceramic lining with Parker’s traditional hose has created an entirely new high performance hose; flexible enough for ninety degree turns and more durable than steel in resisting abrasive materials.
Whether it is an incremental change to address a specific cus- tomer need or a new-to-the-world breakthrough, our innova- tions are helping customers around the world become more efficient and more profitable while addressing the most pressing needs of humanity.
Perhaps underappreciated as a competitive advantage, is our global distribution network. Although still growing daily, we estimate that we have more than 12,000 distribution outlets; a channel to market that is unmatched among our industrial peers. Approximately half of our industrial sales flow through
this network.
We are also making progress in expanding our global operations. In the future, given the rapid pace of development and infra- structure expansion in emerging markets around the world, we envision a time when our revenues are evenly distributed across the major global regions of the world. This is supported by our view that more rapid growth is available to Parker in internation- al markets. Over the past five years Parker has been successful in driving average annual growth of 26% in our industrial interna- tional segment and in fiscal 2008 we grew 28%. Today, we enjoy
a much better balance in industrial revenue than previously
with more than 50% of total industrial sales emanating from our industrial international segment. Perhaps more importantly, we have focused on improving international profitability. In fiscal 2008 operating margins in our industrial international segment exceeded those in North America and emerged as our most profitable segment in the company. This is a remarkable achieve- ment and helps mitigate the impact of economic factors in any one region.
During the year, we made the strategic decision to locate our new European headquarters in Switzerland and recently broke
ground on the site. In addition, new locations in Algeria, Morocco, Turkey, and Saudi Arabia opened this year to broaden our sales reach.
The Future
Today there are many reasons for you as a shareholder to be excited to own Parker. We have been successful in deliver- ing consistent performance improvements giving credibility to the accomplishments we believe we can achieve in the future. The strategy we have set in motion is fully functional across Parker allowing us to better integrate acquisitions, drive innovation, expand globally and serve our customers. Opportunities for future growth are abundant given the scale of our markets and the evolving needs of a world in pursuit of a higher quality of life, driving growth in demand for our technologies.
As demand grows, so does the need for a talented work force to sustain Parker’s performance. I would like to offer my sincere appreciation and thanks to each employee who makes our success possible. At nearly 62,000 strong, our employees have been given the unique opportunity within Parker to be empow- ered to meet customers’ needs through a decentralized structure and entrepreneurial approach to capturing market opportuni- ties. They have delivered consistently. They are part of a collab- orative, passionate, dedicated and loyal culture that is all too rare in modern business. I am honored to be among them.
As our 90th year passes and I look to the future, I feel good about how Parker is positioned. We are a different company today, evolving and ready to take on the vast opportunities ahead, ready to adapt to changing conditions, ready to meet the most pressing needs of humanity. We are the number one motion and control company emerging as a premier diversified industrial stock. I thank you, my fellow shareholders, for your ongoing trust and support.
Sincerely,
Donald E. Washkewicz
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Craig Maxwell, Vice President of Technology and Innova- tion, notes that today, Parker is a fundamentally different organization in the way that we approach product develop- ment and value creation.
Through our Winovation process, division and group engi- neers around the world share knowledge and collaborate as never before. This new level of connectedness allows them to broaden their view of opportunity and is produc- ing radically new approaches to some of humanity’s most pressing challenges such as those posed by world demand for energy.
“Innovation almost always occurs in the white space - on the fringes - between existing knowledge domains within our groups and divisions,” says Maxwell.
 Stage 0
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Stage 4
Stage 5
GATE
GATE
GATE
GATE
GATE
Idea Generation
 Concept
  Feasibility
  Development
   Quality
& Production
Launch
                          Increasing Investment
The process begins by creating a linkage between available technology; unarticulated market and customer needs, dis- covered through our Winmap strategic marketing process; and available resources and capability. These tools guide our marketing and engineering teams to focus on markets or customers where high potential for value creation exists.
“Parker has really become a market-driven company,” comments Marwan Kashkoush, Executive Vice President - Sales, Marketing and Operations Support. “Our focused business development process links creativity with real needs, delivering value to our customers by understanding, and therefore truly improving, their applications.”
Thousands of projects that are advancing through the process are challenged and tested daily to ensure that only those with the highest potential reach commercialization. This results in maximized return on our innovation invest- ments and differentiated products in the marketplace. Once ready for launch, our Winvalue (value selling) process helps define the value proposition and sales strategy.
  45
   Projects
Launch
