                                Parker Hannifin CorPoration annual rePort 2009 tHe global leader in Motion & Control teCHnologies
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
  donald e. Washkewicz
Chairman, Chief executive officer and President
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
Although Charles Dickens wrote that famous phrase 150 years ago, it holds up well in characterizing the dichotomy of Parker’s fiscal year 2009. I would add, however, “But we were well prepared to make the best of the worst of times.”
The year started out strong with a record fiscal first quarter, but by mid- year we found ourselves in the throes of the deepest recession in decades. It is at times like these that our Company is fortunate to be able to rely heavily
on its fundamental strengths – our technology leadership; our diversified market leadership; our systems capa- bility; our dedicated employees; and, as detailed in this annual report, our extensive global distribution network that provides us a channel to market few can match.
Parker actually initiated its preparation for the current global recession begin- ning with the last recession in 2001. The Win Strategy, which launched that year, has this year allowed Parker to per- form much better during this recession relative to previous recessions and we expect to emerge even stronger when the economy recovers. For that, we can thank an experienced management team and the enduring support of near- ly 52,000 Parker Hannifin employees who have stepped up to the challenges at hand. Their capabilities, loyalty, perseverance and sacrifice represent perhaps our greatest strength of all.
fisCal 2009 results
Following six years of record financial performance and a record fiscal 2009 first quarter, the growing impact of the global recession necessitated a greater focus on managing our busi- ness for cash as the year progressed. Even though our overall performance does not compare favorably with the prior year’s record achievements, we are pleased with how well we deliv- ered considering the magnitude of the recession and resulting decline in demand.
• Net sales declined 15% to $10.3
billion. While acquisitions contributed 5% to sales, this was more than offset by a 16% decline in organic sales, and foreign currency translation negatively impacting sales by 4%.
• Total segment operating profit was $1.0 billion and represented segment operating margin of 9.7%. Importantly, however, our decremental marginal return on sales, was 38%. This measure was much lower when we exclude the impact of acquisi- tions, inventory reductions, and the effect of expenses associated with reductions in force, representing very strong perfor- mance.
• Net Income was $508.5 million, or 4.9% of sales and diluted earnings per share were $3.13 compared with $5.53 in fiscal year 2008.
• Net cash provided by operating activities was $1.1 billion and as a percentage of sales, fiscal 2009 net cash provided by operating activities was 11.0% compared with 10.8% in fiscal 2008. This is com- mendable cash flow performance from the entire Parker team in such difficult times.
• We used our cash to increase our dividend for the 53rd consecutive year
in fiscal 2009, paying out 25 cents per common share, a 19% increase compared with the previous quarterly payout and
we reduced debt in the second half of the year by $584 million.
     3

 Parker’s win strategy
While these actions are never easy be- cause of their impact on our employ- ees, we were decisive in implementing work force adjustments, imposing a broad-based wage freeze, reduced work weeks and significantly reduced discretionary and capital spending.
staying focused on the long term
While dealing with the reality of the present, we have not lost sight of the future. Parker stands uniquely posi- tioned to address many of mankind’s enduring needs. As we become a more market-driven organization, we are increasingly focusing our innovations and acquisitions to address needs such as more efficient traditional energy sources; the development of wind, solar and other renewable energy;
the desire to produce and distribute clean water; new drug discovery and medical advances; the building of infrastructure and transportation to support a growing population in a developing world; the safe cultivation, transportation and preservation of food sources; and emerging needs and developments in defense.
These needs and many more hold the promise of continued growth across the breadth of Parker’s portfolio of motion and control technologies. With a global footprint that now generates more than 50% of our Industrial sales in international markets we are poised to capitalize on needs and develop- ments in every region of the world.
In fiscal year 2009, we were deliber- ate about maintaining investments in innovation that fund ongoing devel- opments of new products and tech- nologies. Infact,ourinvestmentin research and development increased by 12% in fiscal 2009 and reached 3.3% of sales compared with 2.5% in fiscal 2008.
These investments are helping to drive development across a range of markets and applications that hold great prom- ise. For example, we continued to advance our energy recovery platform
#1 Premier Customer Service
Financial Performance
Profitable Growth
launched in 2001, the win strategy has prepared Parker to weather the economic downturn and emerge stronger than ever when the economy recovers.
PrePared for the downturn
During fiscal 2009, continued progress was made on initiatives across the three major goals of the Win Strategy – premier customer service, financial performance and profitable growth. For example:
• Customer service levels were enhanced as measured by an improvement in our line-items-shipped-complete measure to 91% compared with 87% in fiscal year 2008.
• We continued to drive operational excel- lence through lean enterprise, strategic procurement and strategic pricing initiatives. These efforts helped deliver significant improvements relative to the last recession that occurred in calendar year 2001, with a 9.7% segment operat- ing margin in fiscal year 2009 compared with 7.2% segment operating margins in fiscal year 2002.
• Nine acquisitions were completed in fiscal 2009, representing a cumulative $532 million increase in annualized sales at the time of acquisition.
• We continued to develop our new product pipeline and were increasingly successful in selling systems solutions, especially in
Aerospace. Aerospace contracts se- cured in fiscal 2009 included systems
on the Rolls Royce Trent XWB engine
and systems for Bombardier Aerospace’s wide-body aircraft and CSeries aircraft, all of which total an estimated $7.2 billion in sales over the life of the contracts.
• Our distribution network expanded with the addition of more than 300 new distribution outlets including many new ParkerStore retail locations.
By keeping an unwavering focus on the Win Strategy, Parker is better prepared to weather this downturn and better positioned to be rewarded earlier in the cycle of economic recovery.
dealing with the Present
Like many other companies, the mag- nitude of the global recession required us to take additional steps to adjust and right-size our operations to match significantly lower customer order rates. As the depth of the recession became evident, we focused on man- aging our business for cash, targeting a 30% marginal return on sales while maintaining productivity levels, reduc- ing inventories and managing working capital.
4

                                with field tests on start, stop vehicles; such as delivery and refuse vehicles, now indicating average reduction in fuel consumption of up to 50%. Col- laboration across groups led to the development of piezo actuation valves that provide the ability to signifi- cantly reduce size, power consump- tion, carbon emissions, and increase speed while extending the useful life
of products across a range of applica- tions. Other advancements of “Cool Drive” technology for the thermal management of microprocessors and a revolutionary nitrogen generator for tire inflation, represent just a snapshot of the innovation pipeline being de- veloped at Parker as we strive to meet mankind’s need for engineered motion and control solutions across our nine core technology platforms.
While dealing with the reality of the present, we have not lost sight of the future.
Acquisitions we made early in fiscal 2009 (see inset) supported our desire to expand internationally and enter less cyclical, higher-growth markets. The contribution of these acquisitions helped us achieve our goal in fiscal 2009 of 5% growth annually from ac- quisitions as we look for opportunities to consolidate the motion and control market globally.
Supporting future growth and the availability, service and replacement of our products, we continued to expand our extensive global distribution net- work in fiscal 2009. Our distribution partners give Parker unprecedented access to aftermarket service and re- pair and OEM support in every major region of the world, further building on
a capability we have been developing and nurturing for more than 60 years. As part of a relatively newer aspect of that channel strategy, we continued to grow our high-margin retail presence with ParkerStores, now totaling more than 1,500 globally. New locations in Bulgaria, Morocco, Portugal, Papua New Guinea, the Philippines and Ukraine were added in fiscal 2009, extending our retail presence to 75 countries.
To coordinate our distribution efforts and present a consistent Parker identity globally, we also launched a global dis- tributor brand identity to better support our distributors with a strong Parker presence in their markets and help distinguish the varied levels of distribu- tion and services offered to customers. Because our strong distribution chan- nel is such an important competitive advantage, we are pleased to feature it in this annual report.
ready for tHe future
It is important for you to know that Parker’s entire management team and I remain positive about the future during these challenging times and we have every confidence that Parker is well po- sitioned to navigate through the current economic recession. We have devel- oped a winning culture at this company backed by the support and dedication of our passionate employees around the world who are squarely focused on exceeding our customer’s expectations every day. Additionally, by pursuing
a disciplined strategy throughout this decade, we have prepared our opera- tions for the eventuality of a down cycle. The Win Strategy helped drive consis- tent record performance when market demand was robust and has helped us cope as conditions have deteriorated. Although the challenge we are experi- encing is far greater than anyone could have anticipated, I am proud of how we have responded. Importantly, the disci- pline that this recession forces upon us will only make us stronger, more agile and better able to respond and capital- ize when the economy recovers.
I am very optimistic about the future because of the solid plan upon which we continue to execute; our strong financials, including a secure balance sheet, strong cash flows and solid credit access; our vast opportuni-
ties for growth; and the tremendous range of competitive strengths that we continue to build upon and leverage. Near-term challenges aside, I have every confidence that we will emerge from this recession far stronger than we have ever been, poised to benefit significantly from the recovery. I thank you, my fellow shareholders, for sharing my confidence that the best of times lie ahead for Parker.
Sincerely,
Don Washkewicz
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Fiscal 2009 Acquisitions
Aqua Pro, Inc.
Filtration, United States
Detroit Plasticos e Metais S/A
Fluid & Gas Handling, Brazil
EmiTherm Sdn Bhd
Sealing & Shielding, Malaysia
Hargraves Technology Corporation
Automation, United States
Legris SA
Fluid & Gas Handling, France
Lingk & Sturzebecher
Hydraulics, Germany
Matrx Nitrous Oxide Delivery Systems
(Product Line)
Fluid & Gas Handling, United States
Nexgen Hose Inc.
Fluid & Gas Handling, Canada
Origa Group
Automation, Germany
Parker Hannifin CorPoration annual rePort 2009 tHe global leader in Motion & Control teCHnologies
         5
