                                 Parker President and CEO Don Washkewicz (seated) with Chairman of the Board Duane Collins
Fellow Shareholders:
We have begun a new chapter in the company’s enduring story of service and value creation. For many years we emphasized our objectives of premier customer service (always our number-one priority), financial performance and profitable growth. To generate gains from these objectives, we established the Win Strategy, in which we challenged ourselves to achieve more through a series of initiatives proven to enhance performance and growth. Today, your company is stronger because the Win Strategy is working.
For the past two years, we executed the financial performance initiatives of the strategy. Our aim: to achieve operating leverage that, on the downside of an economic cycle, allows us to sustain value, and on the upside, positions us to accelerate growth and increase profitability.
Throughout the company, we deployed strategic procurement, lean enterprise management and strategic pricing, and as a result, we’ve reduced complexity, streamlined processes and made long-term agreements a strategic advantage in our supply chain.
Financial Performance
This year we posted record sales and cash flow, and restored growth in profitability. Sales were up 11 percent from 2003, topping $7 billion, while earnings grew
76 percent. Cash from operations reached a record
$662.4 million, even after making a voluntary contribution of $146 million to our retirement and benefit plans. Before that contribution, operating cash was again above 10 percent of sales, which is among the best in our peer group.
Letter to Shareholders
We are moving Parker to an industrial-sector premium return on sales. In December 2002, when quarterly sales decelerated to a low point of $1.5 billion, our profit margin (net income divided by sales) was 2.5 percent. We finished fiscal-year 2004 with a fourth-quarter margin of 6.3 percent, on sales of $2 billion. From the bottom of the cycle, the margin is up 152 percent, on a 31 percent increase in sales. Further results from our Win Strategy are detailed on page 16 of this report.
As the second half of the year brought broad-based recovery in our industrial and aerospace markets, our internal message was straightforward: Maintain the gain and extend it. How we extend it is what comes next: working on the growth pillar of the Win Strategy.
Profitable Growth
In recent years we’ve said our greatest growth potential lies within – winning more business around the world with the estimated 400,000 customers we already serve; offering Total Parker Systems as the leading, single source for motion-control technologies.
That potential is beginning to pay off as we extend our lead in the marketplace, winning new business and competitive market share in aerospace, industrial automation, refrigeration, electronics and wheeled machinery.
Winning Systems
Consider these examples of significant system wins and the competitive gains they represent for Parker:
3

Last September, China’s AVIC I Commercial Aircraft Company named Parker to equip its projected 500 regional jets with the flight-control, hydraulic and fuel systems. We will develop, integrate, build and certify the systems, and serve the aftermarket, all expected to bring $275 million in revenue. We won on our systems pedigree with leading regional jet producers Embraer and Bombardier.
Airbus chose Parker for the A380 fuel measurement and management system, as well as for its galley cooling system and quick-disconnects for ground service. And as of this writing, we have more awards in the pipeline.
JSC Sukhoi Civil Aircraft selected Parker to design and produce the hydraulic system for its Russian Regional Jet, including hydraulic power generation and distribution, with $270 million of lifetime potential.
Microjet producers Eclipse, Safire, Adam A700
and others are relying on Parker wheel-and-brake systems for a combined fleet of 20,000 jets slated for air taxi service to provide low-cost transport among 480 community airports in the United States alone.
Thomas Built Bus tapped Parker to retrofit pneumatic systems and controls for smoother door operation on its school buses, while Parker distributors offer pre- assembled kits for fleet maintenance.
John Deere chose Parker hydraulic systems and Racor filtration modules for tractors and combines, worth more than $5 million per year in new business.
Federal Signal selected Parker as its systems supplier for environmental, fire and rescue trucks based on our breadth of products, technology leadership, engineering and logistics.
Winning Expansion
Our global expansion also is gaining momentum, as we leverage our broad product offering and presence in 44 countries to increase our market share. Growth soared in all the world’s emerging markets this year.
In the Asia-Pacific region, we moved our market position up to number four as our business in China grew another 69 percent over last year. In Central Europe, we
expanded facilities in the Czech Republic and Poland to serve growing demand, and strengthened our number-two market share across Europe. In Latin America, despite a difficult economic environment, we extended our number- one position with 31 percent growth, outpacing competitors and the overall industry in that region.
Our global scale also was extended this year by strategic acquisitions, including market leader Denison Hydraulics. Denison is proving to be everything we expected: the best of performers – immediately accretive – with a strong international base in industrial hydraulics, affording growth inEuropeandasignificantpresenceinAsia. Amongother acquisitions we made this year:
T Squared produces specialty diaphragm pumps for gaseous media to life science applications;
Webb Enterprises makes fuel conditioning systems for heavy-duty diesel trucks, buses and off-road equipment; Mead Fluid Dynamics produces pneumatic systems for the transportation and process control markets; and
CBL (Control By Light) brings fiber-optic technology used in aircraft monitoring and security systems.
Winning Technology & Innovation
Control By Light is the perfect example of an acquisition with innovative technology and promising potential. Within
Parker Top Markets underscore Parker's diversity.
     Transportation & Motor Vehicle Aircraft Engines
Commercial Aircraft
Construction Equipment
Military Fixed Wing Aircraft
Motor Vehicle Manufacturing Industrial Machinery
Refrigeration & Heating Equipment Farm Machinery
Regional Jets/Commuters General Aviation/Bus
Air Transportation Helicopters
Heavy Truck Manufacturing Industrial Trucks
Truck & Bus Bodies
Internal Combustion Engines Aircraft Parts & Equipment Motor Vehicles Supplies Semiconductors
Lawn & Garden Equipment Plastic Products
Machine Tools
General Industrial Machinery Truck Trailers
Oil & Gas Field Machinery
Metals Manufacturing
Special Industrial Machinery Mining Machinery
Engineering Services Nondurable Goods
Air & Gas Compressors
Repair Services
Power Transmission Equipment Tires & Inner Tubes
Space & Missiles
Aerospace Other
Turbines & Generators
Refrigerator Supplies
Pumping Equipment
Special Tools
Service Machinery
Electrical Apparatus
Surgical & Medical Instruments Golf Course Equipment
Food Products Machinery
Oil & Gas Field Service
Search & Navigation Equipmen Plastics Manufacturing
Farm & Garden
                                               4

                                months of this purchase, we won the contract to provide fiber-optic video monitoring systems aboard a large aircraft platform, with likelihood that such systems may be required on large airliners for added security.
Last year we said we’d focus more of our investment on innovative technologies that address unmet customer needs . Early returns from these investments generated profitable new business for Parker in 2004, including:
• Successful launch of our electronic refrigeration control system in supermarkets across the U.S.;
• Extending our MX80 miniature positioning line for in- demand automation, including life sciences;
• Accelerated sales of our Racor multi-function filtration and conditioning modules;
• Introduction of Intraflow, a revolutionary, modular instrumentation system for creating complex flowpaths for analytical sampling and lab analysis;
• Growing demand in the mobile market for our IQAN electronic controllers; and
• Breakthrough, on-the-chip microprocessor cooling combining our Macrospray® and climate technologies.
We’re increasing priority for organic growth focusing on innovation and marketing. Parker’s competitive advantage is the ability to build on relationships that create new opportunities for added customer value.
Given the company’s decentralized structure, a key step this year was to establish a common system for product- lifecycle management across divisions, using web-based software for engineering and technology development. This new tool will enable us to thoroughly leverage our motion- control knowledge across various disciplines to ensure lean, agile design and engineering. The system eases collaboration among divisions, suppliers and customers to advance breakthrough technology developments.
In addition, we continue to invest in strategic business units that bring together engineers from across Parker to serve customers in the fastest growing markets. Our first two units – Fuel Cells and Life Sciences – launched patented, proprietary new systems for customers this year.
The Fuel Cell Business Unit developed new compressor and motor technologies critical to economically viable commercialization of fuel cell systems, while bringing added expertise in other required components including
fluid connectors, filtration, sealing and electronic controls. We see ample opportunities to broaden the playing
field for such breakthroughs. For example, the efficient new compressor also is valuable for military uses, environmental remediation and life-support systems.
In the more recently established Life Sciences unit, we’re offering the industry a unique combination of microfluidics and automation systems to get new products to market more cost effectively, with greater reliability and speed. Customers can focus on the science; we make it happen.
Premier Customer Service
The Life Sciences example shows how our promise of premier customer service means even more: That we unify every strength we possess to serve. We innovate and add value, from engineering to manufacturing and logistics. And we make our products and systems easy to buy and apply, via e-business, Parker service centers, collaborative account management and the most extensive global distribution in the industry.
With our commitment to serve goes profound gratitude
to our customers, as well as to all of the employees, distributors, suppliers and shareholders who make it possible for Parker to grow around the world.
The Way We Win
To sustain growth requires that we continue to earn your trust and generate value. They remain our most important duties as a public company, and that keeps our corporate governance quotient in the top tier of our peer group.
Beyond the price of our stock or the record results we posted this year, our greatest value comes down to the way we serve. We’re careful, especially about things
we don’t control, and prefer facts as the basis for risk taking. We never forget it’s the shareholders’ money we’re investing, to whom we owe a return. Our 48-year record of annual dividend increases (among the S&P 500’s longest) is an enduring signal of our accountability and resolve:
We have what it takes to win. We’re able to see and fulfill the promise of Parker: Anything possible.
Donald E. Washkewicz
President and Chief Executive Officer
September 10, 2004
  Duane E. Collins
Chairman of the Board
5
