Letter to Pulte Homes Shareholders, Customers, Associates and Business Partners
Annual new home sales in the United States have increased by a respectable 21 percent over the past five years to 976,000 houses in 2002. Over this same time frame, Pulte Homes’ domestic closings have surged by almost 100 percent to last year’s record 29,000 homes, while our domestic homebuilding revenues have nearly tripled to a record $7.2 billion. Clearly, Pulte Homes is expanding its share of this $250-billion industry.
Our growth is reflective of a consolidation wave that is dramatically altering the competitive landscape. A decade ago, the country’s top five builders delivered just shy of 25,000 homes, or about four percent of the new homes sold that year. By 2002, these same five builders had expanded their business to approximately 134,000 homes, or an estimated 14 percent of U.S. home sales. We have certainly led the charge, as our domestic unit closings expanded by more than 250 percent and total homebuilding revenues increased six fold in climbing to 2002’s record results. Our financial strength, market and product diversity, quality and customer focus provide competitive advantages as we continue to expand market share and grow our operations.
With this as a backdrop, we are extremely proud to report that for 2002, Pulte Homes delivered its seventh consecutive year of record- setting results and its 52nd consecutive year of profitability. All this was achieved while continuing to invest for the future and holding to the conservatively aggressive philosophy that has been our cornerstone since the Company’s founding 52 years ago.
Earnings Growth Built on Strong Financial Footings
Forecasts indicate that U.S. population growth and favorable demographic trends will sustain high levels of housing demand over the long term. Over the short term, however, other factors such as interest rates, employment and consumer confidence can have a more sig- nificant impact on current period demand. In 2002, Pulte Homes and the entire housing industry benefited from low interest rates that helped maintain housing activities during a second year of broader economic weakness.
Reflecting the benefits of strong buyer demand and the inclusion of a full year of sales from Del Webb, our consolidated revenues surged 39 percent to a record $7.5 billion. Higher revenues and increased profitability resulted in record net income from continuing operations of $445 million, or $7.20 per share, an increase of 47 percent over 2001. These results are consistent with our long-term goals of achieving $10 billion in revenues and $10.00 in earnings per share by the end of 2004.
The continued strength of our homebuilding operations helped to drive book value per share to a record $45.16, while we continued to generate a strong return on shareholders’ equity of 18 percent. We also finished the year in an excellent financial position with $613 million of cash on our balance sheet and no borrowings outstanding on our $570 million bank credit facility.
Our domestic homebuilding business realized dramatic gains during 2002, reflecting growth in our traditional homebuilding operations and the inclusion of a full year of Del Webb operations. Total homebuilding and land sale revenues for the year increased 36 percent to $7.2 billion. U.S. closings reached a record 28,903 homes, as we successfully expanded our business within our current markets.
For the year, our domestic homebuilding operations including land sale profits generated a record $719 million in pre-tax income, an increase of $204 million, or 40 percent, over 2001. Homebuilding operations had an excellent year and entered 2003 in a very strong posi- tion with a record backlog of 10,605 homes valued at $2.9 billion.
Beyond the pure financial metrics, we also completed the successful integration of Del Webb, which we are pleased to say delivered even more than we had expected. Cost savings exceeded upwardly revised estimates of $50-$75 million, while customer response to the Webb name has proven even stronger than we anticipated. For the year, Webb-branded communities delivered approximately 8,000 new homes, further solidifying our position as the industry leader in serving the active adult buyer.
pultehomes02 // 3

52
In 2002 we recorded our 52nd year of uninterrupted profitability
The focus for 2002 was on efficiently integrating the Webb operations and deploying best practices from both organizations to drive improved performance across our entire Company. We also cut the ribbon on four new Del Webb-branded communities, including the introduction of the Webb brand into the Northeast with Great Island in Massachusetts and Somerset Run in New Jersey. The schedule is even more exciting for 2003 with the potential to open the doors on upward of a dozen new Del Webb-branded communities, includ- ing the first in Colorado and Pennsylvania.
Everyone involved with the merger worked tirelessly to ensure a smooth and seamless integration. Our 2002 financial and operating results, along with our growth plans for 2003, reflect the positive impact of their efforts.
We are also proud to report that Pulte Homes continues to rank highest in the area of customer satisfaction as recognized by homebuy- ers across the country. Our divisions in Charlotte, Houston, Las Vegas, Minneapolis/St. Paul, Phoenix, San Francisco and Southern California ranked highest in their respective markets in customer satisfaction in the J.D. Power and Associates 2002 New Homebuilder Customer Satisfaction StudySM. In addition to ranking highest in these seven markets, Pulte Homes and its Del Webb communities ranked among the top three homebuilders in 12 of the 16 markets surveyed.
Our success in the J.D. Power and Associates study* is consistent with improvements in our internal measures relating to product qual- ity and customer satisfaction. These results are reflective of an organization committed to building a quality home and of a culture focused on delivering a superior customer experience. We acknowledge the great efforts of every member of the Pulte Homes team in achieving this success, and we want to thank them for their enthusiasm and commitment.
As part of our commitment to continuously raise the bar on product quality, during 2002 we furthered development of Pulte Home Sciences (PHS), which is a critical part of our strategy to integrate more manufacturing processes into the business of homebuilding. Our first plant in Detroit proved the concept and gave us confidence to expand PHS into our Virginia operations. This new plant, which is expected to be on-line in 2003, has the potential to significantly improve product quality while lowering our overall house costs in the D.C. market.
Capitalizing on our higher homebuilding volumes and a favorable interest rate environment, our financial services operations reported another outstanding year of growth and record profitability. For 2002, reported pre-tax income of $66.7 million was almost double that of the prior year, while our mortgage operations originated over 23,000 loans with a principal value of $3.8 billion. Even more important, we continue to benefit from ongoing integration of our homebuilding and mortgage operations, resulting in higher customer satisfaction scores for both sides of our business.
In 2002, our international operations delivered 6,525 homes, with our affiliates adding 1,022 deliveries in Argentina, Mexico and Puerto Rico, as our international operations reported pre-tax income of $5.1 million, completely reversing the pre-tax loss experienced in 2001. It’s fair to say that our local managers have done a solid job running the operations and responding to volatile market conditions. It’s also fair to say, however, that we have been disappointed with the returns generated by our international operations. Looking ahead, our focus remains on getting these businesses to deliver more consistent profits and returns. Further, we are investigating ways wherein the value we have created is recognized and, in turn, our shareholders are rewarded.
Operationally and financially, we achieved many of the goals we set for ourselves in 2002 while strengthening our overall leadership position in the industry.
  4
// pultehomes02

  Managing for the Long Term
In 2002, we held roughly three percent of the total U.S. market for new homes and approximately five percent share across the markets in which we operate. Clearly, Pulte Homes has ample room to grow. Further, with demand for housing expected to be relatively stable, growth is all about expanding market share. Given these dynamics, our unique operating model provides an important competitive advan- tage; as the only national builder with the stated strategy of selling to all the major customer segments—first time/affordable, first move up, second move up (luxury) and active adult—Pulte Homes can service the largest universe of potential buyers.
In support of our growth objectives, we continue to reinvest cash flows back into the business, principally to increase the number of lots we control. In 2002, incremental land investments of almost $475 million enabled the Company to finish the year with more than 176,000 lots under control. We are comfortable making these investments because we expect the project returns from our new communities will exceed our cost of capital, ultimately helping to build shareholder value.
“We believe one of management’s most important responsibilities is determining how best to invest its resources ” to help ensure the long-term success of the business and to maximize the value of Pulte Homes for its shareholders.
Every day we assess the best use of our next dollar of capital from among investing in the business versus acquiring another company, paying down debt and/or repurchasing our stock. A new wrinkle in the allocation process has been added with discussions about more favorable tax treatment for dividends. All these uses of cash have merit, and we have allocated capital to all at different times. We believe one of management’s most important responsibilities is determining how best to invest its resources to help ensure the long-term success of the business and to maximize the value of Pulte Homes for its shareholders. While our bias remains to capitalize on growth opportunities by reinvesting in the business, we are flexible and continuously assess market conditions to maximize business returns on every next dollar invested.
In positioning Pulte Homes to expand its share of what is today a highly fragmented homebuilding industry, our investment strategy must look beyond land and materials to an equally critical resource...people. Today, we are investing millions of dollars in programs to recruit, develop and retain the most talented team in the industry.
Studies say the cost of replacing an employee can range from one to three times that person’s salary. The hidden costs can be even greater when you consider that local operations experiencing higher turnover usually suffer with reduced product quality and lower lev- els of customer service. It is difficult to quantify the direct earnings benefit from investing in our people, but we are certain that failure to make such investments will likely hamper future earnings growth. By hiring the best people, giving them the right tools and keeping them focused on the customer, we put Pulte Homes in the best position to succeed.
If this letter conveys only one thing, we hope you sense our excitement about the industry and Pulte Homes’ opportunity for continued success. Beyond land positions, gross margins and asset turns, success comes down to people: customers, shareholders, associates and business partners. It is through your support and commitment that we delivered our record performance of 2002 while having such high expectations about 2003 and beyond.
We stand at an exciting point where the opportunities seem almost limitless and the tools to seize them are firmly in our grasp. Sincerely,
Mark J. O’Brien William J. Pulte
President and Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
*J.D. Power and Associates 2002 New Home Builder Customer Satisfaction StudySM. Study based on responses from 56,193 buyers of newly constructed homes in 16 of the largest U.S. markets. www.jdpower.com
   pultehomes02 // 5
