 Letter to
PULTE HOMES SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS:
  At points during the past year, we conducted the modern-day equivalent of a whistle stop tour, visiting Pulte offices across the country. Spending time with the talented people who run our business gives us tremendous confi- dence for its continued success. The intelli- gence, energy and passion these individuals bring to the business every day are among Pulte’s greatest competitive strengths.
expansion through segmentation, opera- tional excellence, people development and financial discipline. We’ll provide details about these initiatives in a minute, but for now, understand that they are enabling Pulte Homes to get bigger and, more importantly, better as a company.
In terms of getting bigger, 2003 consoli- dated revenues increased 21 percent to a record $9.0 billion. In terms of getting bet- ter, income from continuing operations was $617 million, as compared to $445 million in 2002. Adjusting for the two-for-one stock split we implemented effective January 2, 2004, earnings per share from continuing operations for 2003 increased 36 percent to $4.91, while book value per share increased 22 percent to $27.55. For the year, our return on equity surged more than 200 basis points to 21 percent. The growing strength of our operations enabled us to raise the dividend rate by 150 percent to $0.20 per share annually.
The biggest driver of performance was our domestic homebuilding operations where settlement and land sale revenues for the year increased 21 percent to $8.7 billion. Domestic closings for the year gained 13 percent to a
record 32,693 homes, while we ended 2003 with a record backlog of 13,952 homes, val- ued at $4.1 billion.
We also ended 2003 with a land pipeline of 257,000 lots under control (47 percent owned, 53 percent optioned and pending), which is vital given the scarcity of this key resource. It cannot be overstated that the supply of land in this country is becoming increasingly constrained. In market after market, the land entitlement process has become so restrictive as to severely limit the supply of land upon which new homes can be built. Obviously, for a homebuilder there is no more critical resource than land, which is why we view our ability to control and entitle our large land position as an important competitive advantage.
 Income from Continuing Operations Dollars in Millions
$625
$454
’99 ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03
 $301 $178 $189
  300,000
250,000 200,000 150,000 100,000
50,000 0
Lots Under Control
Lots Optioned and Pending
Lots Owned
’99 ’00 ’01 ’02 ’03
                   The purpose of these visits was to ensure alignment throughout the organization with the four key business initiatives we have established to drive improved operating and financial performance: market share
[two ]

            Our financial services operations also deliv- ered a strong performance in 2003, as pretax income rose to a record $69 million. Higher homebuilding volumes and an increase in our mortgage capture rate to 83% were the key drivers as we originated a record 28,655 mortgages, valued at $5.0 billion. Our mort- gage operations are extremely profitable, but even more important they are critical to ensuring that the house closes on the date promised and, in turn, to delivering an over- all unmatched home buying experience.
While our domestic operations continue to realize accelerating gains, our International operations are moving at a slower pace. Pretax income of $3.3 million was down from the prior year; so while we are making money, returns remain well below our expectations. As such, we have commenced a process to evaluate various long-term strategic alternatives with regard to our International operations.
Overall, 2003 was a tremendous year with a lot to be proud of, but it’s past. Our challenge and opportunity is to build on that success to make Pulte Homes even better, and likely bigger, in 2004 and beyond. As we will explain, achieving better operating perform- ance requires successful implementation of our four key business initiatives.
According to industry experts, housing demand should remain robust as annual household formations average 1.2 million and immigration adds upwards of one mil- lion people per year. There will be interim periods of stronger or weaker demand influ- enced by mortgage rates, employment and
major buyer groups: first time, first move up, second move up and active adult. We have actually identified 11 different Target Consumer Groups (TCG), each with its own distinct set of wants and needs. Through our diversified product line, Pulte can serve the biggest universe of potential customers. Serving one TCG can be more efficient in the short run, but over time it severely limits a company’s ability to grow. Even if a com- pany could capture 100 percent of a seg- ment, it may be serving only 30 percent of a market. To our way of thinking, it just doesn’t make sense to leave all those buyers for someone else to serve.
Embedded in our segmentation strategy is extending our leadership position in serving the active adult (age 55 and better) segment through our Del Webb brand. We have covered a lot of ground in the 30 months since completing the merger with Del Webb. All of the Webb communities operating at the time of the merger achieved record performance in 2003 in terms of unit sales and/or pretax earnings. We also announced 10 new Webb-branded communities that helped drive record active adult sales. Even more exciting, over 20 new Webb- branded communities could be announced in 2004, including new market penetra- tions in Colorado, Connecticut, Michigan, New Jersey and Virginia.
  100%
80% 60% 40% 20%
0%
Sales by Buyer Group
Active Adult
Second Move Up
First Move Up
First Time
        consumer confidence, but overall, housing demand is expected to remain stable. Within a stable demand environment, growth is about expanding market share. In other words, since the pie is not getting bigger, we have to find ways of grabbing a larger slice.
In this battle for market share, Pulte Homes possesses some unique competitive advan- tages. First is our segmentation strategy. We are the only national builder serving all
[three ]

               Overall, 2003 was a tremendous year with a lot to be proud of, but it’s past. Our challenge and opportunity is to build on that success to make Pulte Homes even
better, and likely bigger, in 2004 and beyond.
At approximately 50 million people, active adults comprise the largest customer group in the country today. They also represent the fastest growing segment, forecast to reach almost 80 million people by the year 2020. More affluent than any demographic group in history, active adults are an incredibly sta- ble buyer group, with 50 percent purchasing homes for cash. Like a champion surfer, the Webb brand is set to ride the active adult wave for years to come.
Beyond our segmentation model, we main- tain another critical edge in the market share battle—quality. Reaping the benefits of a journey begun over a decade ago, Pulte Homes ranked first in 12 of the 20 markets where our customers were surveyed in the J.D. Power and Associates 2003 Customer Satisfaction Study. History is very clear on this point: better quality attracts customers, supports premium pricing and reduces future service costs and risks.
Unique to our industry, we are also discover- ing that our reputation for quality and cus- tomer satisfaction facilitates access to and entitlement of critical land positions. Through success in delivering an unmatched customer experience, our goal is to build a brand that rivals recognized quality leaders such as Lexus, Ritz Carlton and FedEx. We will take this a step further. As the industry leader, we have an obligation to raise the bar on quality and to deliver an out- standing home and home buying experience. After all, our customers are trusting us with what is likely the largest single purchase of their lifetime.
As we deliver more homes, we need to drive more of every revenue dollar to our bottom line, which is what our second initiative, Operational Excellence, is all about. Over the past five years, pretax margins in our domestic homebuilding operations have expanded by 300 basis points through a combination of higher prices, improved product mix and operational efficiencies.
[four ]

 12 of our divisions ranked highest in customer satisfaction in the J.D. Power and Associates 2003 New Home Builder Customer Satisfaction Study. The divisions ranking highest in their respective markets were Dallas/Fort Worth (tie), Houston, Las Vegas, Minneapolis/St. Paul, San Francisco Bay Area, Phoenix, Raleigh/Durham, Sacramento (tie), Southern California (tie), Tampa (tie), Tucson and Palm Beach.
  Although difficult to quantify, we estimate there may be 200 to 300 basis points of additional pretax margin to be captured by being smarter in how we run the business. From how our houses are designed and built, to advanced supply chain management and a greater focus on overhead leverage, we can take costs out of the system.
Under the banner of operational excellence, we are also advancing a number of innova- tive building practices to strengthen our leadership position in the industry:
• In 2004, Pulte Home Sciences (PHS) will open its first commercial production plant located in Manassas, Virginia. Through efficient manufacturing of concrete base- ment wall sections, floor decks, structural insulated panels (SIPs) and steel stud interior walls, PHS can erect an enclosed shell of a home in as little as five days. The goals of PHS are to deliver a better quality home, faster and at comparable or reduced costs to traditional building practices.
• In 1998, we acquired DiVosta and Company, a Florida-based builder that delivers unmatched quality, with an industry-leading 47-day build cycle. We are now exporting DiVosta’s best practices on scheduling and efficient building to other Pulte markets
across the country, including parts of Southern California, where we took 50 days out of the building cycle. Ongoing implementation of the DiVosta system fur- ther reduced that construction time by an additional five days, taking our build times to 50 days.
• In January 2004, Pulte announced a joint venture with Pratte Development to provide material and labor for concrete foundations and flatwork, underground plumbing, framing and trim for our houses built in Arizona and Nevada. The venture pro- vides opportunities to capture additional margin and to reduce cycle times, while lowering costs through enhanced value engineering, manufacturer-direct purchas- ing, better scheduling and greater regional operating leverage.
Through the development of more innovative building processes, we are taking a leader- ship role in advancing building science with the ultimate goals of delivering higher quality homes and better financial results.
We are often asked what is the most pressing issue we face, to which we answer “people.” The ability to attract, hire and retain the best people is possibly Pulte’s greatest opportunity,
which is why People Development is our third key initiative. Today, Pulte Homes employs almost 11,000 individuals. Given our expected growth, this number needs to increase significantly, which is why we maintain leading-edge training and devel- opment programs. A critical source of new talent is our college-recruiting program through which we hired over 675 graduates in 2003. Once on board, these individuals and all our employees benefit from our emphasis on continued development through such innovative programs as our Top Gun and Emerging Leaders training. Our focus on people development is yet another way we are differentiating Pulte Homes and speaks to our commitment to managing for long-term success.
In truth, competitors can copy our house designs, mimic our communities and attempt to match our quality. In the end, it is our people who will make the difference.
It may be a commentary on our times that a company needs to publicly affirm its com- mitment to fiscal and corporate responsibility. That is, however, exactly what we are doing through our fourth initiative, Financial Discipline. All of our employees under- stand that we will continue the conservative
[five ]

   William J. Pulte
 Richard J. Dugas, Jr.
     operating, financial and reporting practices that have been a part of Pulte’s core values for the past 53 years. From our commitment to a strong balance sheet, to our stringent project-underwriting criteria, we understand that there are no short cuts to achieving long-term success.
It is, however, much more than just signing quarterly certifications with confidence; it’s about a culture that encourages honesty and integrity in all business practices. Reflective of this culture, in 2003 our corporate gover- nance score, as calculated by Institutional Shareholder Services, ranked higher than 95 percent of companies in the S&P 500. These scores are based on a number of factors, including a Board of Directors with a majority of independent outside members, providing for outside directors to meet regularly with-
out management present, and for publicly disclosing governance guidelines which we proudly post on our corporate website at www.pulte.com.
Bill and I, speaking on behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire management team, recognize our fiduciary responsibilities and take our commitment to shareholders very seriously.
As a management team, it is our responsibility to always be looking ahead. As of today, the expectation is that interest rates are more likely to rise than decline in the coming quarters. From such a low starting point, however, we believe that an increase of 25, 50 or even 100-basis points in rates would not have a meaningful impact on overall housing demand, especially in light of the
Sincerely,
supply constraints that exist in many markets today. To best position Pulte Homes, we have developed a robust land pipeline that is supported by a strong balance sheet. We have challenged our management teams to find opportunities to grow, while attack- ing our labor and material costs. In other words, since the future is always uncertain, we are prepared to capitalize on the market opportunities that develop in any given eco- nomic climate.
In conclusion, we are very proud of our results, but in no way are we satisfied. With the support of our customers and sharehold- ers, and the continued passion and effort of our associates and business partners, we are confident that we can deliver even greater performance in the future.
  WILLIAM J. PULTE
Founder and Chairman of the Board
RICHARD J. DUGAS, JR.
President and Chief Executive Officer
[six ]
