To Our Shareholders
This past year was a very difficult and challenging, yet successful, year for PCA. The U.S. economy weakened throughout the year, finally drifting into recession by early fall, with gross domestic product for the entire year up only 1.2%. The dollar remained very strong, promoting trade deficits that further weakened demand for corrugated products in the U.S., and also making linerboard less competitive in export markets. Industry corrugated shipments in the U.S. fell 5.8% in 2001, which was the largest year over year decline since 1975, and containerboard exports fell to an eleven-year low. Finally, the events of September 11, 2001 served to further exacerbate the already poor performance and uncertainty of the U.S. economy.
Despite these difficult conditions, PCA was able to continue to generate good earnings and strong free cash flow, strengthen its balance sheet and outperform the industry by a wide margin. For the year, PCA’s stock price closed up 12.6% at $18.15 per share while the S&P 500 was down 13.0%. Since the company’s IPO in January 2000, PCA’s stock has risen 51%, or $6.15 per share. Our
Paul T. Stecko
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
primary focus and commitment during the year continued to be on the creation of shareholder value, and to this end we were much more successful than many others.
For 2001, our net income from continuing operations and before extraordinary charges was $108 million, or $0.99 per share, which is a decline of 20% from our 2000 results. Lower earnings were driven primarily by lower prices for containerboard and corrugated products, lower corrugated products volume and lower container- board production. The negative impact of these items was partially offset by lower interest expense and lower mill manufacturing costs.
The year over year decline in PCA’s earnings was sig- nificantly less than our six largest containerboard com- petitors, whose earnings dropped anywhere from 28% to 80%, with five of the six’s earnings down by 50% or more. PCA’s superior performance was driven in large part by five major factors:
s Products — Containerboard remained one of the
best performing product lines in the paper and forest products industry, and 96% of PCA’s sales were in this segment. As shown below, virtually all of our major competitors have a much lower concentration of their
 % of 2001 Revenues from Containerboard and Corrugated Products
10%
Georgia-Pacific International Weyerhaeuser / Temple-Inland / Paper Willamette Gaylord
Source: Company press releases and PCA estimates
Smurfit-Stone PCA
 25%
55%
96%
 75%
   15%
  total sales in containerboard and corrugated products. Supply discipline continued in containerboard
in the face of weak markets both at home and abroad, with industry operating
rates averaging only 86% in 2001. This discipline helped keep
inventories at reasonable and slightly declining levels, with published linerboard and medium prices falling about $25 and $40 per ton
respectively, year over year, a relatively small decline considering business conditions.
   2
      
   s Interest Expense — PCA has continued to reduce interest expense as a result of its substantial debt reduction. Interest expense has fallen from an annual rate of $170 million in 1999, when we began operations as a stand-alone company, to $74 million in 2001.
s Energy — PCA was not affected as much as many other industrial companies by the significant run-up in natural gas prices during the first half of 2001. As a result of fuel flexibility capabilities and a low cost natural gas contract at Filer City, mill energy costs in 2001 were flat with 2000.
s Operations — PCA’s containerboard mill system remains among the low cost producers in the indus- try, with excellent scale, productivity, fiber and energy costs. For the year, our mill manufacturing costs decreased about 4.5% compared to 2000. Our corrugated plants continued to focus on value-added products and services, and our volume decreased only 1.6% compared to a 5.8% decline for the indus- try. PCA took about 100,000 tons of mill downtime
in 2001 to match our supply with our demand. This downtime was less than that of some others in the industry because of PCA’s high mill-box plant inte- gration level (82%), only a small drop in corrugated volume (1.6%), and our minimal dependence on exports (2% of sales).
s Overhead — We continued to operate at what we believe to be a low level of corporate overhead with a very efficient management infrastructure. Corporate overhead is now approximately 60% of the level incurred before becoming a stand-alone company in April 1999.
PCA’s track record of generating strong cash flow from operations continued in 2001. For the year, PCA generated $313 million in operating cash flow after deducting inter- est expense and taxes. Of this $313 million, $131 million was used for capital expenditures, leaving net free cash flow of $182 million. This $182 million equates to $1.68 of free cash flow per share, or about 1.7 times reported earnings per share.
Interest rates fell continually throughout 2001, reducing PCA’s cost of variable rate debt. As a result, we reduced the rate of our debt paydown and concluded that a
more effective use of a portion of our free cash would
be to repurchase PCA common stock. On May 18, we announced a $100 million share repurchase program. As of December 31, 2001, we repurchased $38 million of PCA common stock at an average price of $16.50 per share. We did, however, still pay down an additional $74 million in debt, and ended the year with $82 million of cash on hand. At December 31, our net debt was $713 million, a $1.156 billion reduction since April 1999. As a result, our net debt to total capital dropped to 48% compared to 84% in April 1999. Our year-end net long-term debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.8 times, and our EBITDA to interest ratio of 5.5 times, two key debt coverage indicators, are among the best in the paper and forest products industry.
PCA also continued to invest prudently to grow its business. Capital spending was $131 million in 2001 compared to our normal spending of about $110 million. As part of our capital spending, we installed state-of-the- art BHS corrugators at our plants in Los Angeles, CA; Omaha, NE; and Ashland, OH, at a cost of $25 million, which positions us for substantial corrugated products growth in these important markets. At our Filer City mill, which produces only 12% of our total containerboard but utilizes about 40% of PCA’s natural gas purchases, we completed a $5 million project that enables the mill to burn coal. PCA’s mills now have the capability to meet 70% of their purchased fuel needs with the two lowest cost fuel sources, purchased bark and coal.
At PCA our business and operating philosophy continues to revolve around three basic principles:
“Being Big and Small at the Same Time”
PCA strives to capture the advantages that both big and small companies possess. Our size gives us many capabil- ities to provide our customers the best value and our small company culture allows us to be very entrepreneurial and easy to do business with.
“Focus on the Hard to Do”
Doing things that are hard to do is often avoided, not embraced, by many companies. By mastering the hard to do, you can provide customers with the best products, values and services while earning excellent returns.
“People Make the Difference”
Being big and small at the same time and mastering the hard to do can be very difficult. It requires hard work and a very high level of teamwork. Our greatest strength lies in our 7,900 employees across the United States commit- ted to meeting the needs of our over 8,000 customers.
As we enter 2002, we are well prepared and well positioned for an uncertain economy. Our balance sheet and debt coverage ratios are now among the strongest in the paper and forest products industry. We have a low cost mill system as well as excellent opera- tions and an outstanding customer base in corrugated products. Industry supply discipline has helped reduce cyclicality and stabilize profitability. This will remain a key to success until demand picks up. In 2001, we demon- strated the ability to generate solid earnings and strong free cash flow in difficult times. Hopefully, the economy will improve, as many are predicting, which will further enhance our ability to create shareholder value.
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 3
