Paul T. Stecko
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The year 2000 was PCA’s first full year as a stand-alone company. It was a very busy and successful year for us, and we are very proud of our accomplishments. We reported strong operating results for the year and achieved a number of our key strategic objectives, which have enabled us to achieve the financial and strategic flexibility to continue to create shareholder value.
In January, nine months after becoming a stand- alone private company through a leveraged buyout, PCA became a public company with the initial public offering of its stock. This offering was the largest ever in the paper and packaging sector, with total proceeds of $555 million and 46 million shares sold. PCA’s stock closed the year 34% above its IPO price in a market where the S&P 500 was down 9.3%. And, of the 42 U.S. manufacturing company IPOs in 2000 with offering proceeds greater than $100 million, PCA ranked 12th
in terms of stock performance.
In June, despite rising interest rates, we were able to refinance our $735 million senior secured term debt and our $150 million revolving credit facility, and achieved about a 100 basis point reduction in the average interest rate. This reduction was a direct result of the $450 mil- lion in debt paydown made in our first year of operation and our redemption of $100 million of 123⁄8% preferred stock, which was our highest cost financing.
In November, we completed our second major timber- lands sale within 12 months. We received $248 million
in net proceeds, which we used to pay down debt,
and acquired a one-third equity ownership interest in Southern Timber Ventures, the LLC that purchased the timberlands. As part of the sale, we also secured a long- term fiber supply agreement for our Counce, Tennessee linerboard mill.
In December, just 20 months after becoming a stand- alone company, we reduced our total debt by $1 billion, representing 83% of our goal of reducing debt by $1.2 billion by the end of 2001. At year end, our debt stood at $869 million.
Twice during the year both Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s upgraded our credit rating, reflecting our large debt paydown and the improvement in our debt to total capital ratio, which we reduced from 84% to 56%.
During the year, we also completed our work in establishing a low-cost, stand-alone corporate operating infrastructure. We took responsibility for services previ- ously provided by Pactiv Corporation and initiated new corporate functions such as tax and treasury. We also completed an important milestone in establishing e-commerce capabilities that will allow us to interface and collaborate with our customers over the Internet in the interactive design of corrugated containers. We plan to roll out these capabilities to customers during 2001.
  2
To Our Shareholders
      
    Safety and environmental performance remained a key priority for us throughout the year. Our employees continued to operate in a very safe and environmentally conscious manner and our performance in safety and environmental compliance continues to improve. PCA remained committed to responsible stewardship of all the forest lands we manage. As part of the industry-wide Sustainable Forestry InitiativeSM (SFI), we adhere to
a comprehensive system of principles, objectives and measures that help ensure the long-term health of our forests. Finally, in 2000, we completed all of the capital projects at our containerboard mills necessary to meet the 2001 Clean Air Act requirements.
While all of these activities were happening, we remained focused on both our customers and operations and continued to generate improved and superior oper- ating results. Net income from continuing operations and before extraordinary charges increased eightfold to
$134 million or $1.25 per share in 2000, compared with $17 million or $.17 per share in 1999. Operating income increased 67% to $344 million in 2000 from $206 million in 1999, and EBITDA improved 36% to $485 million in 2000 from $356 million in 1999.
Our improved earnings were driven primarily by higher prices for both containerboard and corrugated products, the elimination of preferred stock dividends as a result of the redemption of our 123⁄8% preferred stock, and lower interest expense resulting from our debt reduction. As a result of our $1 billion in debt reduction, annual interest and dividend expense has been reduced from $170 million, when we began operations as a stand-alone company in April 1999,
to $80 million going into 2001. Finally, on the manufac- turing cost side, we were not affected as much as many other industrial companies by the significant increase in natural gas prices. Counce and Tomahawk, our two largest mills, both burn lower cost coal. The Filer City mill, which produces 13% of our containerboard, consumes over 45% of the natural gas used in our mill system. Filer City, however, has a low-cost natural gas contract through August 2001, at which time it will convert to even lower cost coal.
At PCA our vision and our operating philosophy will continue to revolve around three basic principles:
“Being Big and Small at the Same Time”
As a company we want to be very entrepreneurial in our approach to business while at the same time leveraging our considerable scale and synergy. And by entrepre- neurial, I mean something that goes far beyond what exists at most large companies today. We want behavior that reflects what is normal and expected in a very small company: things get done quickly, efficiently and with- out a lot of bureaucracy, politics or overhead. This is one reason why we run our 65 corrugated products plants as decentralized, stand-alone profit centers.
But besides acting small we also want to take advan- tage of our size wherever it makes sense. For example, with 65 corrugated products plants we can share and leverage best practices, technology and product successes
throughout our entire system. Size also affords us economy of scale in purchasing as well as the ability to optimize capi- tal spending efficiency over a large manufacturing system. When you can be big and small at the same time, you can provide your customers the best value while at the same time be easy to do business with.
“Focusing on the Hard-to-Do”
Doing things that are hard to do is often avoided, not embraced, by many companies. At PCA, we recognize that our job is to develop capabilities that allow us to do difficult things efficiently. This allows us to provide our customers the best products, values and services available. Innovation is essential if you’re going to do the hard things well and, more important, profitably. Often the only profitable way to do the hard things is by developing entirely new ways of doing business. Here, one size doesn’t fit all, and having 65 corrugated products plants with a wide variety of innovative approaches is a big plus.
“People Make the Difference”
Being big and small and embracing the hard-to-do may sound simple but can be very difficult. It requires hard work and a very high level of teamwork. That’s why at PCA,ourmottois“peoplemakethedifference.”Our greatest strength lies in our 7,900 employees across the United States who are committed to meeting the needs of our 8,400 valued customers.
As we enter 2001, I am very optimistic about PCA’s long-term prospects. We have strengthened our balance sheet significantly and have both a low-cost mill system as well as outstanding operations and a strong customer base in corrugated products. Industry consolidation and historically low levels of projected new capacity are also positives. Weakening corrugated demand in 2000 and the slowing economy are clearly short-term concerns. As widely reported, the industry has demonstrated the ability to better manage supply during this period of weak demand. Obviously, this will remain a key to success until demand picks up. Hopefully, falling interest rates and tax-cut initiatives will help rejuvenate economic growth. Lower interest rates should also help reduce the strength of the
dollar and improve the country’s large balance of trade deficit. This would be a major impetus for increased corrugated demand.
In closing we hope this, PCA’s first annual report, gives you a better understanding of our performance, opera- tions and vision as we move into 2001 and beyond. We remain focused and committed to our primary objective, the continued creation of shareholder value.
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 We are focused . . .
 3
