Dear Fellow Shareholders,
In 2015, PerkinElmer delivered significant value for both our customers and investors.
In addition to driving profitable growth, we delivered total shareholder returns of 23%, continuing a trend of strong stock price appreciation of more than 300% over the last seven years, almost twice the growth of the broader market. Our solid financial performance not only asserted the strength of our core business offerings, but also enabled us to act on our long-term strategy of investing to lead by capturing highly accretive market opportunities. Just as importantly, we continued to make a positive difference on human and environmental health.
Reflecting on PerkinElmer’s accomplishments in 2015, I am most proud of how we helped improve and save lives. By expanding our newborn screening programs globally, we now screen about 40 million babies annually and help save an average of 70 lives daily through the detection of serious, but treatable diseases. Additionally, our ViaCord customers used their children’s banked cord blood for over 300 infusions and transplants to treat life- threatening immune disorders. In disease research and drug discovery, references to our life science solutions appeared in over 7,000 journal citations read by thousands of researchers, scientists and doctors. In support of food safety, we analyzed 220 million tons of wheat for quality within the global grain supply chain. Lastly, we estimate that one billion people can drink safe water thanks to our solutions that test about 289 billion gallons per year.
Moving ahead, we will continue to drive innovation that provides insights into making an even greater impact. The strategic priorities we have established for 2016 support this endeavor and will enable us to advance our mission and accelerate top- and bottom-line growth. First and foremost, our competitive differentiation stems from the ability to offer disruptive innovations that leverage the combined power of our core capabilities, plus our knowledge and expertise, to proactively meet customer needs. And as opposed to broad-based providers, we understand customers’ challenges in high- growth, niche end markets. In 2015, we exceeded our goal to generate $35 million in revenue from new products and increased R&D investments to target critical areas including pharmaceutical services, reproductive health, emerging market diagnostics, and food quality and safety. I am excited about our new product pipeline in 2016, and just as importantly, look
forward to maximizing our full innovation potential through meaningful customer collaborations.
Driving innovation underpins our priority to become uniquely relevant with customers as a trusted, strategic partner. Over 20,000 laboratories worldwide turn to PerkinElmer not only because of the scientific discoveries made possible by our technologies, but also their valued relationships with our customer-facing employees. In 2015, we grew the business with our top 20 customers by 12%, and we are placing even greater attention this year on providing a superior customer experience throughout every interaction with PerkinElmer.
Alongside our companywide customer focus, we are building upon the progress made last year on further integrating “quality for customers” into best-in-class products, services and processes. In 2016 we have broadened our objective to enhancing overall operational effectiveness. We set the groundwork with several organizational upgrades in 2015, such as introducing new R&D leadership and realigning our commercial focus areas to be more market-centric. Going forward, we are implementing a multi-faceted approach that includes cost excellence, improving quality, and providing our customers with a superior experience. Concurrently, we will streamline processes to increase global efficiencies and reduce total administrative costs. Finally, as part of our commitment to cultivating a highly effective organization, we are investing in enhancing the skill set of our employees who each uniquely contribute to our goals.
In closing, PerkinElmer’s success to date demonstrates that we possess the right financial, organizational and scientific capabilities to generate long-term shareholder value and make a profound difference around the world. With 8,000 passionate employees dedicated to making an impact, I am confident we will continue to enable insights for a better tomorrow.
Sincerely,
Robert F. Friel
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President PerkinElmer, Inc.
  