    DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
2010 was a year of significant
achievements for PerkinElmer.
We delivered excellent financial results, executed on our key strategic priorities and helped improve the health of people and the environment in which we live in a meaningful way. In 2010 our revenue grew 10%, adjusted earnings per share increased 24% to $1.33, and we generated adjusted operating cash flow per share of $1.67, 16% higher than 2009.
We enhanced the growth profile of the company through both the introduction of innovative new products and by improving our business mix. For example, we launched the NexIon® ICP-Mass Spectrometry system providing unparalleled detection capability for environmental testing. We also introduced the first multi-mode plate reader providing labeled and label-free detection, and we expanded our digital imaging technology into new applications such as veterinary. In addition, we grew our portfolio through several key acquisitions including VisEn, which enhanced our cellular imaging capabilities, as well as Signature Genomic, an innovator in chromosome analysis, strengthening our position in early detection of disease including cancer. We also laid the strategic foundation for migrating to a more market- focused approach and divested our Illumination and Detection Solutions business which simplifies the company and improves our capacity for directed investment.
Operationally, we made good progress as our unwavering commitment to working more efficiently across all functions of the organization drove significant improvement in adjusted operating margins. More importantly, during the year, we developed a company-wide program to drive our operating margins into the high teens by 2014.
We continued to make a positive impact on our health and environment around the world. During 2010, we screened over 25 million newborns for metabolic disorders in 74 countries and facilitated the analysis of over 1.5 billion environmental samples. This year’s annual report highlights some of the areas where we are partnering with customers across the globe to meet
and more importantly anticipate their needs—from combating infectious diseases to ensuring clean and safe water. To help
us in these efforts we completed several key expansions of our global footprint during 2010, including the opening of a new 200,000 sq. ft. manufacturing and R&D facility in China, the establishment of our first screening lab in India, and partnering in the creation of the world’s largest neonatal screening lab in the Middle East. In 2010, we also built the foundation for our growing corporate social responsibility (CSR) program through the establishment of three key pillars—community involvement, product stewardship, and environmental health and safety.
Our employees are very involved with our CSR program, and we are excited about the global and local community impact this initiative will have in future years.
Moving into 2011, our strategic priorities remain focused on our core elements of growth, productivity and advancing the mission of the company. Our drive to become more market- focused and collaborate with our customers and partners will provide greater, more relevant value for our customers. And finally, we will improve how we capture and efficiently lever- age our collective knowledge across the company to drive even more innovation and success.
As we enter 2011, your company is very well positioned. We serve growing markets with leading market positions, we are strong financially, and we have talented, innovative people across the world who are passionate about making a long-term difference for all of our stakeholders. Building on the success of 2010, I am confident we can all look forward to a rewarding and successful future as we pursue our goal of improving the quality of health around the world.
Sincerely,
Robert F. Friel
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer PerkinElmer, Inc.
    