Dear Fellow Shareholders:
  In 2006, PerkinElmer delivered excellent financial results while aggressively investing in our future growth.
For the year, the Company reported cash EPS of $1.15, an increase of 21% over 2005. Revenue grew 5% to $1.55 billion, and adjusted operating cash flow was very strong at $193 million, or $1.52 per share. Our Health Sciences businesses, which contributed 83% of our total sales for the year, increased 6%, led by our Genetic Screening, Digital Imaging and Service busi- nesses, all of which grew by double digits. Our invest- ments in growth included a nearly 15% increase in research and development expenditures, an almost 60% increase in capital expenditures and eight an- nounced acquisitions that further strengthen our tech- nology and product positions.
ACCELERATING GROWTH
These investments support our goal of global leader- ship in the areas of diagnostics, detection and analysis, and photonics. In diagnostics, we continue to extend our leading market position in genetic screening, spe- cifically neonatal and prenatal screening. Growth in neonatal screening is being driven by a rising standard of care – now 29 conditions in the United States (U.S.) – and a worldwide recognition of the benefits of early- stage screening for inherited diseases. In prenatal, there is an accelerating trend to move from second-trimester to first-trimester risk assessment. Our acquisition this year of NTD Laboratories and Spectral Genomics added important capabilities to our first-trimester screening and to our diagnostic tools for chromosomal abnor- malities. The second leg of our diagnostic initiative is digital x-ray imaging. 2006 was another year of strong double-digit growth as both the diagnostic imaging and radiation therapy markets continue to expand. Digital imaging continues to fuel growth in these markets by enabling new features and capabilities, such as precise targeting of cancerous tumors.
Our Detection and Analysis business focuses on scien- tific instruments, reagents and services for the biophar- maceutical research and the environmental monitoring markets. In the biopharmaceutical research market, de- mand continues to be driven by the search for safer and more effective drugs. As technology progresses, there is ever more emphasis on systems-level biological re- search. To support this trend, we are building a leading capability in cellular screening and analysis to comple- ment our strength in biochemical screening.
In the environmental monitoring market, demand stems from a growing global mandate for cleaner air and water, along with rising concerns over bioterror- ism. During the year, PerkinElmer introduced a range of innovative, new products to address these applica- tions – including our novel Clarus® 600 series of gas chromatographs – and complemented these internal in- vestments with the acquisition of advanced analytical tools for Raman spectroscopy and thermal analysis.
 2

 Katherine A. O’Hara Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Michael L. Battles Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
Richard F. Walsh Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer
Robert F. Friel Vice Chairman and President, Life and Analytical Sciences
Jeffrey D. Capello Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer
Daniel R. Marshak Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer
John A. Roush Senior Vice President and President, Optoelectronics
To support our customers’ desire for productivity and regulatory compliance, we are offering an even broader array of support services. We have built a lead- ing capability in asset management and multi-vendor support services for scientific instrumentation. Our program, marketed under the OneSource® brand, has gained acceptance with leading pharmaceutical com- panies and other global technology leaders. We expect maintenance consolidation and outsourcing trends to continue and have taken significant steps to further strengthen our global service capabilities, particularly our European and Asian service networks.
In our Photonics business, we weathered the remain- ing transition from film to digital photography in 2006. With the increased popularity of mobile phone cameras, digital photography has become the new consumer stan- dard. As the world’s leading producer of photographic flash, we are well positioned for significant growth in this market.
Global markets are increasingly important for our growth, with over 60% of our sales generated outside the U.S. and consistent double-digit growth coming from China and India. We continue to invest accord- ingly – approximately 65% of our 8,500 employees are based outside the U.S. To further support this expan- sion, we recently strengthened the infrastructure and the autonomy of our Asia-Pacific leadership teams.
BUILDING WORLD-CLASS OPERATIONS
Our progress during this period of significant investment was a result of our unwavering commitment to operating excellence in all functions of the organization. We con-
tinue to make productivity gains through our Six Sigma and lean manufacturing practices, leading to greater sup- ply chain efficiencies and higher quality. The Company also made great progress in our customer-facing teams, helping us simplify interactions with our customers, and making it easier to transact business. Related to this, we continue to invest in the development of high efficiency sales channels, particularly e-commerce, by expanding our technical and local language content and improving customers’ online experience. As a result, Web-based transactions grew nearly 80% in 2006. Finally, we con- tinued to strengthen the depth of our leadership team with the recruitment of several seasoned industry ex- perts to key roles within the organization. In supporting our global base of employees, we increased our invest- ment in leadership and skills training, along with sup- portive information technology tools and proactive ca- reer planning. We are committed to attracting, retaining, and developing the best talent in all areas of the world.
We start 2007 with very exciting growth prospects, excellent financial position and a strong leadership team. This is an exciting time in the development of PerkinElmer and we are determined to take advantage of the extensive growth opportunities in front of us. Thank you for your continued support; I look forward to sharing with you our 2007 progress.
Sincerely,
Gregory L. Summe
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
  3
  