 At ProLogis, sustainability is a business approach that balances environ- mental, societal and economic objectives. We engage key stakeholders, such as customers, employees, investors and the local communities
in which we operate, to solicit feedback and further our understanding of the sustainability issues that are most relevant to them.
 ProLogis is focused on becoming the global leader in environmental best practices. We consider sustainability and climate change to be fundamental issues and understand the importance of actively managing the impact of both our day-to-day operations as well as our development business.
The creation of our first report was an illuminating experience. Not only did we begin to monitor our global activities, we furthered our existing sustainability objec- tives by implementing industry-approved methods for future data collection.
Our efforts have also helped us gain a better under- standing of potential impacts of climate change and how the depletion of resources can disrupt world economies. Consumers catch a glimpse of this dynamic when they fill their gas tanks or pay their utility bills. At the same time, real estate developers are noting more stringent building codes and minimum energy performance standards that have led to higher construction costs.
In addition, our reporting helps us stay focused
on progressing our CSR initiatives – such as installing renewable energy systems or requiring minimum envi- ronmental construction standards. We are fortunate to
have established what we believe is a core competency in sustainable design and construction and have already achieved some notable successes in delivering high- performance properties to key customers.
Company wide, we have made significant strides toward meeting the goals and objectives outlined in last year’s report. Among the recognition we have received:
• Ranked No. 1 “Most Admired Real Estate Company” by Fortune magazine for the second year in a row with top scores across all performance categories, including social responsibility and innovation
• Received multiple top awards from the National Association of Industrial and Office Properties for the development of LEED-certified space
• Presented with the Urban Design Award for 2007 by the South Bedfordshire District Council in the United Kingdom. The former brownfield site is now ProLogis Park Dunstable, which also received the BREEAM ‘Excellent’ rating for environmental performance
• Received CASBEE Osaka ‘A’ grade certification for two distribution centers in Japan; ProLogis Parc Maishima II and ProLogis Parc Osaka II
It has been gratifying to see how ProLogis associates worldwide have embraced our programs and have become ambassadors for change – communicating the importance of our efforts throughout their local markets and to others within their communities. We welcome your feedback and look forward to sharing additional results with you in next year’s report.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 2 PROLOGIS SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
