Dear Shareholders,
The past year was one of transformation for our company. In June
2011, we closed the merger between the former ProLogis and AMB,
bringing together the people and assets of the two leading companies
in the industrial property sector and forming what is arguably one
of the world’s pre-eminent real estate firms. We are confident that
this business combination will prove to be a defining moment for
our industry.
Setting the course for our future once the merger closed, we established five strategic
priorities for the new company: aligning our portfolio with our investment strategy;
strengthening our financial position; streamlining our private capital bu
siness; improving
the utilization of our low-yielding assets; and building the most effective and efficient
organization in the industry. We are pleased to report that we made excellent progress
across the board in 2011.
ALIGNING THE PORTFOLIO
Of the five priorities, perhaps the most central to our plan is refining the combined real
estate portfolio and aligning it with our investment strategy because, in many ways, the
other priorities flow from this one. Not all of the assets of the combin
ed company were
the right fit with our go-forward strategy. As a first step, we performed a comprehensive
review of our markets and categorized them into one of three segments—global, regional
or other markets. “Global” markets represent approximately 83 percent of our overall
holdings; “regional” markets represent approximately 12 percent, and we intend to hold
only the highest-quality class-A product in these markets; and “other” markets represent
approximately five percent. We identified certain “global” and “regional” properties for
disposition and plan to exit “other” markets entirely in an orderly fashion over the next
few years.
After a detailed analysis of all of our assets in these markets, we commenced a $2.9
billion program to divest the company of buildings as well as select submarkets that were
no longer strategic for us. Proceeds from this disposition program will be used to recycle
capital into new developments, which in turn will allow us to monetize our land bank and
to upgrade the age and quality of our portfolio. Since the close of the merger, our share of
building and land dispositions generated more than $530 million in proceeds.
The momentum of our disposition program has continued into 2012. Demand is increasing
and capital is available for high-quality industrial real estate around the globe. In fact, our
share of dispositions year-to-date is $385 million, bringing our share of sales proceeds,
since the merger through early February 2012, to more than $915 million.
STRENGTHENING OUR FINANCIAL POSITION
We intend to build one of the strongest balance sheets in the REIT industry. Reducing
leverage and maintaining staggered debt maturities will provide us with greater financial
flexibility and continued access to capital markets, while allowing us to take advantage of
market opportunities as they become available across the entire business cycle.
As we evaluate and manage risk on an integrated basis, we will take a holistic approach
to overseeing our global investment strategy, our development program and our exposure
to foreign currency. We plan to lower the company’s currency exposure by holding assets
outside the United States primarily in co-investment ventures that also generate private
capital revenue. In addition, we expect that new development projects, particularly in
emerging markets such as Brazil, China and Mexico, will be completed in collaboration with
our private capital partners—an approach that allows us to stretch our capital to meet the
needs of customers around the world while further mitigating risk.
In terms of results, since the close of the merger, we completed more than $1.6 billion of
debt financings and refinancings, with approximately $1.3 billion of that on behalf of our
co-investment ventures, and the balance related directly to Prologis. To further advance
our goal of achieving a top balance sheet in the industry, in June 2011 we raised capital
through the issuance of 34.5 million shares of common equity. The offering generated net
proceeds of approximately $1.1 billion which was used to reduce our leverage and provide
us with greater flexibility around the timing of asset sales and fund f
ormations. Additionally,
we bought back more than $200 million of the company’s convertible debt and Prologis
European Properties Fund (PEPR) bonds.
These transactions, in combination with our fourth-quarter disposition and capital
deployment activity, enabled us to lower our look-through debt by more than $905 million,
reduce our share of 2012 maturities by approximately $400 million and improve our credit
metrics across the board. As we’ve previously stated, it is our goal to become eligible for
an “A” rating in 2013. To that end, Moody’s Investors Service upgraded PEPR’s corporate
credit rating to Baa3 in August 2011, and Fitch upgraded Prologis to BBB- with a positive
outlook in February 2012. While we are pleased with this progress and exceeded our 2011
de-levering objectives, we remain laser-focused on achieving the company’s long-term
leverage and credit rating targets.
STREAMLINING OUR PRIVATE CAPITAL BUSINESS
Prologis’ private capital business raised a record $1.8 billion in 2011. At year-end, we
had approximately $25 billion of assets under management in 20 co-investment ventures
around the world, with more than $2 billion of available investment capacity.
As we reviewed our co-investment ventures post-merger, we recognized that not all of the
funds were profitable or were based on workable governance policie
s. For example, some
provided fee structures that fell short of the costs of managing the assets, while others
included unworkable operating and decision-making requirements, making it difficult
for us to be responsive in the marketplace. We are currently working in concert with
our co
-
investors on streamlining our private capital business. As always, our actions will
be guided by our strong commitment to transparency, the highest standards of corporate
governance and complete alignment of interest with our investors.
Since the close of the merger, we sold our 20 percent interest in the Prologis Korea Fund,
liquidated the first phase of the Prologis North American Properties Fund I and completed
the sale of the SGP portfolio into the U.S. Targeted Logistics Fund. Subsequent to year-end,
we purchased our partner’s 63 percent interest in the Prologis North American Industrial
Fund II and brought the portfolio entirely onto the company’s balance sheet.
Our goal is to grow the private capital business by forming new funds, as well as raising
incremental capital for existing open-end funds in the United States and Europe. We are
currently working toward establishing new co-investment vehicles in Japan, where we have
a sizable portfolio of high-quality logistics facilities and an experienced management team.
IMPROVING ASSET UTILIZATION
Our fourth priority involves increasing the return of the company’s low-yielding assets by
stabilizing portfolio occupancy closer to our historical average of 95 percent, completing
the build-out and lease-up of development projects, and monetizing land through new
developments or third-party sales.
Prologis’ leasing teams around the world delivered outstanding results in 2011. Activity
was strong, and we ended the year with occupancy in our global portfolio up 220 basis
points from the end of the second quarter. Looked at another way, the company leased
71 million square feet since the merger, which translates to approximately 400,000 square
feet a day—a truly remarkable achievement. Despite concerns over the ongoing sovereign
debt crisis, our team in Europe continued to produce impressive results—fourth-quarter
occupancy in our European portfolio was up 160 basis points over the prior quarter. In
addition, demand for our properties has remained strong in Asia as we continue to lease
new developments well ahead of schedule in both Japan and China.
BUILDING ORGANIZATIONAL EXCELLENCE
The success of any merger depends on the talent of the people and their ability to work
together as one team. Prologis has some of the most talented real estate professionals
in the industry, and we feel that the depth and breadth of our organization today is
unparalleled. This was readily apparent during the merger integration, when we were able
to combine the two prior companies seamlessly by incorporating best practices from each
legacy enterprise. As part of the merger, we did have to say goodbye to some very good
people, and this is never easy. Our goal was to treat our departing colleagues fairly and
respectfully, and by all accounts we did exactly that.
Prologis employees around the world are committed to our vision of becoming the leading
global company in the real estate industry. In 2011, we introduced the IMPACT Award to
recognize colleagues who have demonstrated the company’s core values represented by the
acronym “IMPACT” (Integrity, Mentorship, Passion, Accountability, Courage and Teamwork).
As part of the honor, the company will make a $25,000 donation to a charitable cause
selected by the honorees.
Our team in Japan was presented with the inaugural IMPACT Award for its efforts in the
aftermath of the 8.9 magnitude earthquake and tsunami that hit the country in March
2011. The team went to extraordinary lengths in the face of unimaginable conditions to
ensure the safety of our employees and their families. At the same time, Prologis Japan
helped our customers restore their operations in record time. We are very proud of how
our people responded to the disaster and also kept the business running. They remain an
inspiration to all of our colleagues around the globe.
Also remarkable is that the two legacy groups operated as one integrated team throughout
the crisis, which occurred prior to the closing of the merger. Almost immediately they were
providing assistance to one another, as well as to customers. These efforts strengthened
Prologis’ reputation for taking excellent care of its customers. That reputation, combined
with the ability of our properties to withstand seismic events, has led to strong leasing
demand and high occupancy rates in our Japan portfolio.
GROWING CUSTOMER DEMAND
Since late 2010, space utilization has been on an overall upward trajectory throughout
our entire portfolio. In the United States, net absorption totaled more than 117 million
square feet in 2011, a remarkable improvement over the past few years. We expect net
absorption to reach 150 million to 175 million square feet in 2012. Within Europe and
Japan, significant supply chain reconfiguration and product obsolescence fuels demand for
industrial space. Demand also remains strong in emerging markets such as Brazil, China
and Mexico, where we have investments primarily through our co-investment ventures.
Prologis’ customers indicate they are optimistic as they plan for the remainder of 2012.
Many of them already have put forth new space requirements. Following three years of
inventory reductions and focus on cost reduction, utilization is running high in our buildings,
and our customers appear to have reached an inflection point—the
y can no longer delay
decisions on expansion. Notably, demand is picking up in the small- and medium-sized
customer segment, which gained 200 basis points in occupancy between the third and
fourth quarters of 2011. In fact, it accounted for the majority of our occupancy gains in the
fourth quarter and will likely continue to drive occupancy into 2012.
UNLOCKING THE POTENTIAL OF THE NEW PROLOGIS
We are pleased with our results as a new company and proud of the diligent efforts of our
global teams. These efforts helped us identify $115 million in merger-related savings, of
which we have realized over 90 percent on an annual run-rate basis as of year-end 2011.
As we look forward, we are in the process of implementing a world-class information
system which, once complete, will provide our teams and the company with data and
infrastructure that is unparalleled in our industry.
This system, called Integrated Global Platform (IGP), will bring our global real estate and
financial systems onto a single platform in 2012. The first major phase of this project is
scheduled to go live in April, with the other phases coming on line before the end of the
year. We are very excited about the capabilities these new technologies and processes
will provide.
With the merger integration exceeding our expectations, global markets strengthening and
our team firing on all cylinders to execute on our corporate priorities, we are just beginning
to unlock the full potential of the new Prologis. We are looking forward to continued
progress in 2012 and beyond.
On behalf of our Prologis colleagues around the world, thank you for your ongoing support.
Hamid R. Moghadam
Walter C. Rakowich
Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer
Co-Chief Executive Officer

