 These are incredibly challenging times.As shareholders,
                     TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 THE ROAD AHEAD
we have all experienced a significant decrease in the value of our investment in ProLogis. It is fair to wonder how we got here, and how we plan to manage for the road ahead.
In hindsight, the company took on a tremendous amount of development, particularly in the last two years, driven by growth in international trade and strong demand across our global markets. However, when credit markets abruptly shut down and global economies contracted sharply, we were faced with a large pipeline of properties under development and not yet leased that were largely financed on our balance sheet.This situation required us to act quickly to reduce both the level of risk and debt in our business.
First and foremost, we had a change in the CEO role. I would like to thank Jeff Schwartz for leading us into international markets and growing our business in
Walter C. Rakowich – Chief Executive Officer
ways unimaginable 10 years ago. He accomplished
a great deal during his 14 years with ProLogis. Unfortunately, for the foreseeable future, we have had to put our expansion plans on hold as most companies are doing in this economic environment. Today, we
are making the tough operational and financial choices necessary to ensure we weather this storm and preserve our market leadership position. We will operate this company with a different mindset moving forward – one that focuses on our balance sheet and the conservation of capital. With this focus, our senior management team implemented a plan in November to reposition the company for long-term growth.
Action Plan
We are managing our business not just for the current environment but in anticipation of global economies continuing to be soft through the remainder of the year. We have established a goal to de-leverage our balance sheet by $2 billion by
  2 ProLogis
  
                 ProLogis Defined Funds from Operations (per share)
Total Revenue* (in billions)
Total Assets Owned, Managed and Under Development* (in billions)
$34.86
 $3.69
2006
$4.61
2007
$3.68*
2008
$6.42
$5.84
2008
$31.61
       $2.76
$24.17
2006
     *Excludes significant non-cash items of $3.00 in 2008
*As reported in FFO; includes development disposition proceeds
*Does not include China operations or Japan fund interests that we sold in February 2009; includes 100% of unconsolidated investees
the end of 2009 and hope to outperform that target. Our plan calls for refinancing and renegotiating debt both on ProLogis’ balance sheet and in our property funds. We are targeting regional portfolio sales and shrinking our development pipeline through a halt in both new development and dispositions of properties to funds. We also are retaining capital through reduced spending and a lower cash dividend level. In this report, we will detail the initiatives we have already implemented, as well as those we continue to pursue.
Reducing Risk
We will minimize the risk in our business by reducing the size of our development pipeline while shifting toward a larger base of wholly owned properties. Beginning in the fourth quarter, we eliminated
We also have reduced our exposure to emerging markets by exiting China and closing our offices in India and the Gulf Cooperation Council countries, as well as postponing our early stage efforts in Brazil. We will evaluate re-entry into these markets at some point in the future, but for now, we are intent on strengthening our core business in markets where we have a significant presence, while mitigating
risk and reducing costs. We have redeployed some
of the ProLogis team members associated with the closed offices into other regions, thereby retaining the expertise necessary to re-establish an emerging market presence as conditions permit.
In February, we sold our China operations and our
20 percent interest in our Japan property funds for $1.3 billion plus assumed liabilities.This was not an easy decision; however, it was the right decision given the challenges of the current capital environment. The transaction enabled us to retain our current
2006 2007
2007 2008
  all but pre-committed development starts and land acquisitions for the foreseeable future and, if necessary, will continue to maintain this posture throughout 2009.
 3 2008
  
                    development pipeline in Japan and our operations in South Korea, while providing a substantial infusion of cash to pay down debt and improve our liquidity.
We have trimmed our overhead structure to reflect the current level of business activity and our outlook for lower near-term earnings. Unfortunately, we have had to reduce our workforce in order to achieve our objective of a 20 to 25 percent decrease in general and administrative expenses.This is in no way a reflection of the work done by our associates.The ProLogis team is the best in the industry, and I am grateful for everyone’s hard work and contributions.
Even though we are facing difficult times, ProLogis associates delivered outstanding results, achieving record total leasing in 2008. We continued to raise the sustainability bar in our industry, introducing green warehouse initiatives in the United States and the United Kingdom and being included in the Global and North America Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes. We also made progress on our renewable energy goals with rooftop solar installations in France, Germany, Japan and the United States.
While we must make changes to our business
in the near term, I am confident we will continue to develop and grow our platform when market conditions improve, albeit in a more conservative manner. As a Wall Street analyst noted in response to our action plan,“Only execution can overcome the sum of all fears.” This has become our mantra. I can assure you that the entire management team and our board
are committed to de-risking and de-leveraging our business and rebuilding for the future.
Thank you for your support.
Walter C. Rakowich Chief Executive Officer
     4 ProLogis
  