To Our Shareholders
The year 2004 began the next phase of growth at ProLogis. It was a year that again confirmed the strength of our strategy and the stability of our company. It was a year in which ProLogis accomplished much more than our financial measurements showed. And it was a year in which we began the planned transition in our top management.
Our accomplishments in 2004 confirmed the benefits of our operating model as we increased our share of business with key customers, further penetrated global markets and enhanced our base of capital partners. While we achieved only a modest improvement in adjusted funds from operations per share, our business fundamentals strengthened significantly throughout the year with record leasing, solid improvement in overall occupancies and a dramatic increase in development activity. This pickup in momentum set the tone for 2005, as we started the new year with a record development pipeline and our highest stabilized leased percentage in three years.
Strengthening Fundamentals Market fundamentals strengthened significantly in North America and Europe, leading to an improvement in average same- store occupancy and positive same-store net operating income growth for the year. As a result of this improved leasing, our Corporate Distribution Facilities (CDF) business also was strong, with a 66% increase in net gains resulting from $1.5 billion of property contributions and dispositions. In addition, we started construction on a record $1.2 billion of new facilities. This accelera- tion in our investment activity helps solidify performance in the future. Our growing CDF asset pipeline of more than $1.9 billion at year end supports growth in our property funds which, in turn, supports future growth in fund management fees and our share of rental revenue.
Growing Property Fund Business During the year, we strengthened
our presence in the major logistics markets of northern New Jersey, eastern Pennsylvania and Miami through a $1.7 billion merger with Keystone Property Trust. To complete the merger, we formed five
new property funds and added Keystone’s 33 million square feet
 K. Dane Brooksher (l) Chairman
Irving F. Lyons, III (r) Vice Chairman

to our assets owned and under management. Due to this transaction and strong contributions from our CDF business, we finished the year with more than $9.4 billion of assets in our funds and total assets owned and under management of $15.9 billion, up 35% from $11.7 billion in 2003.
Building for the Future Globally, demand for modern distribution facilities
is growing. In North America, new supply remains in check, and we are exper- iencing positive net absorption and occupancy gains in nearly every market. In Europe, leasing activity and new development have strengthened despite lingering economic softness in some markets. In Japan, customer interest in modern, more-functional space remains high, supporting record development levels and rapid leasing of our inventory projects. And in China, new govern- ment initiatives to improve the country’s distribution networks are creating opportunities for us to serve many of our current, as well as new, customers.
Our global platform is well established, and we are in a great position
to take advantage of our scale and leverage our operating model in an improv- ing economy. Our top areas of focus include acceleration of our growth in existing markets, select expansion into new markets and continued access to third-party capital to support our fund business. We also will continue to nurture our customer relationships to generate repeat business and solidify our competitive advantages. We intend to maintain our financial discipline and conservative balance sheet, supporting one of the strongest dividend coverage ratios in the REIT industry.
This is a time of great opportunity for ProLogis. Our global presence provides potential for growth while helping to insulate our results from the ebb and flow of regional economies. Both our international and domestic businesses are strengthening, and we continue to increase our share of new development business in our key markets. We have the land positions, customer relationships and ProLogis associates in place in North America, Europe and Asia to capture this opportunity and further accelerate our growth and market-leading positions in 2005.
Total Square Feet Leased to Targeted Global Customers (in millions)
Assets Under Management in ProLogis Property Funds
(in billions)
Total Market Capitalization* (in billions)
 02 03 04 02 03 04 02 03 04
*Includes ProLogis’ share of third-party debt of unconsolidated investees
PROLOGIS 2004 3
$4.6
91.0
$5.7
$8.4
114.5
$10.2
142.9
$9.4
$13.2
         
Our Thanks In September 2004, Neelie Kroes resigned from ProLogis’ Board to accept the position of Competition Commissioner for the European Union. While we will miss the experience and wisdom she brought to the Board, we appreciate the valuable contributions she can make to the EU in her new role.
Transition of Leadership In closing, we would like to sincerely thank our shareholders for your support during this first phase of our growth. As our executive roles come to an end, we reflect on the company’s successes as we have refined our strategy and expanded our geographic presence. We
are proud of the organization that ProLogis has become and its industry leadership position, which would not have been possible without the hard work of a talented group of ProLogis associates. As we turn the leadership of the company over to our new CEO, Jeff Schwartz, and our new President and COO, Walt Rakowich, who will direct ProLogis’ experienced management team, we are confident in their abilities to take the company into its next phase. Under their leadership, our growth will continue as they manage the company with the primary objective of increasing shareholder value. We could not be more enthusiastic about ProLogis’ prospects. We look forward to continuing to participate as members of the Board as ProLogis goes from here to there during the next phase of our growth.
  K. Dane Brooksher Chairman
Irving F. Lyons, III Vice Chairman
 4 PROLOGIS 2004
Jeffrey H. Schwartz (l) Chief Executive Officer
Walter C. Rakowich (r) President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
