Delivering Deliv Del ive vering R Results esul sults ts in in a Challe Challenging enging g Environment E Envi nvironment

To our shareholders,
In fiscal 2013 we were able to deliver solid results despite a challenging global economy. Emerging country markets that were growing have slowed, while others that had been in decline are gaining momentum. As a whole, the world is growing slowly and investing very carefully in new technology and equipment. The foundation for our success in this dynamic environment continues to be our strong business model. With nearly 90 percent of our sales coming from consumable products, we have a steady and recurring stream of revenue. The impact of our structural cost actions also is starting to be reflected in our results. A Giant Step Forward Through dramatic operational improvements that are driving productivity, we took a giant step forward in the multi-year journey to transform our structure and operating model. Our restructuring plan yielded over 50 million dollars in cost savings in fiscal 2013. And we're on track to complete the program with incremental savings of 25 million dollars per year in fiscal 2014 and 2015. There is still more work to be done, but the initiative already has helped reduce our cost-to-serve. It also has enhanced efficiency enterprise-wide. While our organizational realignment is positioning us well for long-term success, it is the scientific and engineering expertise of our people and an unyielding commitment to process improvement, innovation and customer satisfaction that continues to define Pall. We've created new Centers of Excellence focused on research and development and formed dedicated business hubs to make it even easier for customers to do business with us. We also made improvements to our Industrial distribution channel in several markets and expanded our presence in emerging geographies.

Very

solid operational improvements

are now driving productivity and we're realizing the benefit of our structural cost actions.
3

Culture of Innovation We continue to invest in R&D. But it's not just about spending more, it's about spending smarter. We are building a culture of innovation and remain focused on creating a world-class product development engine. In the past year, we had 160 invention disclosures and 27 original patent applications--more than double our average annual performance for the last decade. On the commercial side, we are starting to see the impact of our reinvigorated, commercially focused R&D approach, with our BioPharmaceuticals, Medical and Microelectronics businesses in particular all beginning to benefit. In fiscal 2013 we introduced 55 new products while taking steps to rationalize our current product portfolio.

If we are to achieve our goal of becoming one of the best technology companies in the world, however, we cannot lose sight of what has been core to our success since our founding. Custom ers turn to us because of our engineering know-how and expert ability to solve complex fluid management challenges across a wide range of applications. Through the effectiveness and ingenuity of our people, we convert innovative filtration, separation and purification science into industry-leading, advanced technology solutions. In simple terms, we enable our customers to succeed by delivering the best possible technology. This capability to leverage our expertise and broad resources is why customers continually reward us with their business.

160 invention disclosures and 27 original patent applications--more than double our
In the past year, we had average annual performance for the last decade.
4

Delivering Results in a Challenging Environment

Delivering innovation through world-class product development

5

Delivering industry-specific applications expertise

6

Delivering Results in a Challenging Environment

Operational Excellence While we're early along the path toward operational excellence, we are now making great progress and moving closer to becoming a truly high-performance organization. Our lean initiatives and continuous improvement activities have been impactful. We are achieving considerable cost savings and waste reduction. And every important customer service metric we track has gotten better--dramatically in some cases. We improved on-time delivery by 16 percentage points, and reduced our past due delivery by 74 percent. That is a significant one-year improvement. Long-term Shareholder Value In my note to shareholders last year I said we would continue building on our foundation--and we did. We now have a very strong management team in place and we have begun to optimize our organization. Through the accomplishments of this

past year, Pall is better positioned for both long-term growth and sustained success. I would like to thank our employees for helping us achieve this result. On the shareholder return side, we plan to spend at least $250 million to repurchase our shares in 2014. Additionally, if the macro environment cooperates, our improved cost structure should result in healthy incremental margins. The bottom line is that we are well positioned to grow in 2014. We have a strong balance sheet, our operations are working well and we continue to innovate. These are the critical levers that will enable us to keep delivering for our customers and shareholders. Sincerely,

Lawrence D. Kingsley ey Chairman & cer Chief Executive Officer

Through the accomplishments of this past year,

Pall is

better positioned for both long-term growth
and sustained success.
7

