 The words that grace the cover and inside panel of this report reflect our unwavering focus on the people we serve. Every day we can do more for our customers, employees, communities and, of course, you, our shareholders.
dear fellow PNC shareho
 • We made significant investments in our businesses, including the acquisi-
tion of United National Bancorp, which was completed at the beginning of 2004.
These accomplishments were aug- mented by our actions to fundamentally strengthen our platform for growth.
• Our industry-leading technology capabilities fueled revenues and created effi- ciencies. In 2003, our team earned the high- est ranking in financial services and was 19th overall in Information Week’s annual list of 500 top technology innovators.
• Our strong capital position enabled us to make substantial investments while positioning PNC
for improved shareholder returns.
We will maintain a disciplined approach to investing your capital moving
forward — one designed to provide us with the flexibility to compete and create
 Last year, guided by a deep commit- ment to our values and a relentless focus on our customers, our dedicated team of 23,000 employees made significant progress on our number one priority: growing PNC.
Our efforts delivered solid financial results, created value for our shareholders, and positioned PNC to generate sustainable growth.
• We earned $1 billion and grew our customer base in almost every business.
• We took steps to become an even more attractive investment to shareholders, increasing our quarterly dividend by four percent in the fall, and repurchasing 10.8 million shares of common stock. These initiatives contributed to a 30 percent increase in our stock price in 2003.
 2

 lders
 James E. Rohr Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 important issue is how well a company can differentiate itself to profitably grow its customer base.
Clearly, we believe PNC has built the scale and expertise to compete and win on this front — in each of our businesses and each of our markets.
Our confidence is rooted in our proven ability to execute over time and in the strategic plan we developed. Simply put, we plan to expand our high-performing banking franchise
and grow our global asset management and processing businesses.
We launched several initiatives
to bring this plan to life in 2003. In particular, we took important steps to leverage our successful regional banking model in high-growth markets.
We completed the acquisition of United National Bancorp on the first day of 2004. This franchise adds more than 50 branches and more than 100,000 new customers in attractive regions of central New Jersey and the Lehigh Valley of Pennsylvania.
We believe this acquisition provides growth opportunities for all
of our banking businesses. In addition, to further our growth in New Jersey, we also plan to open offices in 40 Stop & Shop supermarket locations. When combined with the new United National branches, our branch presence in
that demographically attractive state should expand by one-third over the next five years.
Growing PNC
Beyond the acquisition of United National, we made notable progress in all of our businesses in 2003.
• Regional Community Banking increased checking customer relation- ships by four percent, and grew home equity loans by 17 percent.
• BlackRock grew net income by
17 percent and increased assets under management by 13 percent to $309 billion.
 value in what has become a more dynamic financial services industry.
• We continued to enhance our performance-driven culture. Through our Chairman’s Challenge referral program, non-sales employees generated the same amount of deposits in 10 months as four typical branches would in one year.
• We made further enhancements
to our risk management systems and corporate governance. As a result, we dramatically improved asset quality, and Standard & Poors, Moody’s and Fitch upgraded our debt rating outlook. Separately, our banking regulators lifted their written agreements related to the restatement of our 2001 earnings. We also reached an agreement with the Department of Justice regarding these events. With these challenges behind us, we are pleased that we have been able to return our complete attention to growing PNC.
• We strived to become even more integral to the communities we serve. We introduced PNC Grow Up Great, a 10-year, $100 million program to improve school readiness, one
of our nation’s most critical issues. PNC Grow Up Great is one of the
most comprehensive corporate school readiness programs in the country.
Winning in a Highly Competitive Industry
With recent mergers forming financial services firms that near or top $1 trillion in assets, some have asked what it will take to compete in our industry. We do not believe that size alone dictates success. To us, the more
 We will maintain a disciplined approach to investing your capital moving forward — one designed to provide us with the flexibility to compete and create value in what has become a more dynamic financial services industry.
 4

  our treasury management group
an impressive list of new clients, including Dell, IBM and the Veterans Administration. And PNC received the highest grade for cash management quality in the 2004 Phoenix Hecht Cash Management Monitor survey
for large U.S. corporations.
Second, we are working more closely together than ever before. We have established more detailed cross-business sales goals and devel- oped teams to help achieve them.
We still have room for improve- ment, but many signs are encouraging. Last year, our corporate finance group successfully referred almost 50% more business to PNC Advisors than planned.
Third, we have made retaining and attracting highly skilled and expe- rienced employees a top priority.
In working to build a perform- ance-driven culture, we provide training and incentives that empower each employee to grow PNC. In addi- tion, we regularly measure employee satisfaction, which improved in several areas last year.
We also continue to attract some of the best talent in the industry, including the following recent addi- tions to our team:
• Bill Parsley, who formerly headed the global derivative businesses at J.P. Morgan Chase, joined us as treasurer and chief investment officer. He will help us to further enhance
the way we manage our balance sheet and investments.
• Former Under Secretary of the U.S. Treasury Peter Fisher joined BlackRock to help build its global invest- ment and risk management business.
• Hugh Frater has come to PNC from BlackRock, where he headed its real estate group. Hugh will lead our real estate activities, helping us build on the national prominence we have established in this industry.
 5
• Wholesale Banking grew net income by nine percent and continued to win targeted clients, with virtually all segments exceeding their sales plans.
• PNC Advisors made significant strides in improving client retention while working to address the chal- lenges created by a dynamic wealth management environment.
• PFPC attracted and retained a significantly higher number of clients than in 2002 and increased accounting and administration assets serviced
by 31 percent.
 We are committed to creating a customer experience that differentiates PNC.
To build on this progress, we have outlined a number of important business initiatives that are discussed throughout this report. However,
I would like to focus on three broad growth drivers that impact all of
our businesses.
First, we are committed to creating a customer experience that differentiates PNC.
In Regional Community Banking, for example, our industry-leading technology has enabled us to build one of the top call centers in the country as well as a robust and easy- to-use Web site. In fact, 43 percent
of our checking customers bank with us online, one of the highest penetra- tion rates in the industry.
At PNC Advisors, we have improved the client experience by enhancing our financial planning capa- bilities in every market we serve. We also added new products, such as man- aged accounts, which provide clients with more tailored investment options.
In Wholesale Banking, we are committed to anticipating client needs and creating customized technology- based solutions. This strategy earned

  the distinction of being named one of the 100 best companies for working mothers by Working Mother magazine. These efforts, among others, have helped us create a culture that fosters quality performance.
Our workforce has also become more diverse. We have significantly increased the number of minorities in senior management. In addition, we have taken steps to further improve diversity at every level. Last year PNC served as a national sponsor of the National Urban League conference, and we served as a sponsor and were actively involved in the National Black MBA conference.
These two events represent a small sampling of our unwavering com- mitment to the communities we serve.
Beyond the launch of PNC
Grow Up Great, we provided more than $11 million through The PNC Foundation to hundreds of community organizations in 2003. And our employ- ees built on the one million volunteer hours they have contributed over the last few years.
We are very proud of these initiatives and all that we have accom- plished in 2003.
Of course, it has very much been a team effort. I would like to thank our board of directors and senior executive team for their extraordinary contributions. I also want to express my deep appreciation to our customers and shareholders for their ongoing faith and trust in our company.
We look forward to earning your continued confidence as we work to grow PNC.
Sincerely,
Taken together, these growth drivers will help us address continuing challenges.
Addressing Challenges
With expectations for moderate economic and market growth, as well as weak loan demand industry wide, we accelerated efforts to reduce costs and improve operating leverage.
 Beyond the launch of PNC Grow Up Great, we provided more than $11 million through The PNC Foundation
to hundreds of community organizations in 2003. And our employees built on the one million volunteer hours they have contributed over the last few years.
Last year, we set out to improve efficiency by $100 million on a run rate basis. We exceeded that goal by nearly 50 percent. The bulk of those savings came through system and process enhancements at PFPC and rationaliz- ing delivery systems in Regional Community Banking and PNC Advisors.
Our growth initiatives and continuing efforts to improve efficien- cy should help us address interest
rate pressures. We will not alter our disciplined approach to interest rate and enterprise-wide risk management, which we believe will help us deliver stronger risk-adjusted returns over the long term.
Culture and Community
Although the challenges we face are not unique, the team we have built to address them — and achieve all of our goals — is.
We deeply value the contribu- tions of our 23,000 employees. We reward individual and team success, and we provide one of the industry’s best benefits plans. Through providing flexible work arrangements, two back- up child care centers and other work- life programs, we once again earned
  James E. Rohr
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 6
