  DEAR SHAREHOLDER:
The past year was defined by significant challenges and notable achievements for our company. As
we enter 2002, our long-term objective remains clear and unchanged: to
build a diversified financial services company that generates superior financial performance and achieves a premium valuation.
In 2001, we made significant progress toward achieving that goal.
• We continued to grow our Regional Community Bank by deepening our sales culture and leveraging technology to anticipate and meet customer needs.
• We expanded the distribution capa- bilities and product breadth across our group of leading asset manage- ment and processing businesses.
• We strengthened the risk, return
and valuation dynamics of our bank- ing business by taking dramatic steps to downsize our institutional loan portfolio and discontinue our vehicle leasing business.
Among several actions taken
to reposition our banking business, the largest was the 2001 reduction
of our loan portfolio by approximately $13 billion. A portion of that reduc- tion included institutional credits
that we sold to subsidiaries of American International Group, Inc. and removed from our balance
sheet. You can read more about
this transaction, and a similar one involving venture capital assets, in
the financial review section.
3
After year end, we learned
that our independent auditors and federal banking regulators had differing views on the appropriate accounting treatment for these transactions. After considering all the circumstances, and to avoid investor confusion, we made the decision to revise our 2001 earnings and conform financial reporting with regulatory reporting requirements.
The total cost associated with the overall repositioning of our banking business and other actions — including $155 million related to the revision — amounted to approximate- ly $768 million after tax. As a result, 2001 earnings from continuing opera- tions were $377 million or $1.26 per diluted share compared with $1.214 billion or $4.09 per diluted share from continuing operations in 2000.
Clearly, our 2001 results did not meet our expectations. However, given the challenging economic environment we faced, I’m pleased with how we’ve positioned ourselves for the future. We have an improved risk profile and a business mix more capable of generat- ing value for our shareholders.
In 2002, our priorities — and our challenges — are clear. We will focus on the strategic growth of our businesses, value-added customer relationships, executing our loan downsizing initiative and asset quality.
FOCUSED ON GROWTH
Our Regional Community Bank has grown higher-return, lower-risk transaction deposits by 11% on average over the past year. This is the result
     
  of an increased emphasis on checking accounts, a key to successfully deepening consumer and small business relationships.
To build on this momentum, we have Web-enabled our branches and conducted one-on-one discussions with customers to better meet their needs. Last year, this customized approach improved customer retention by 10% and helped drive customer satisfaction to a five-year high.
We’ve also grown our client base by instilling a stronger sales culture. During the fourth quarter of 2001, we launched
a company-wide referral program called the “Chairman’s Challenge.” By February 2002, over 60% of our non-sales employ- ees had referred new business, and about 8% of new consumer checking and sav- ings accounts opened that month were
a result of this program. We are now driv- ing sales through a previously untapped sector of our employee base.
In our Corporate Bank, we are working to build deeper and more valu- able customer relationships that generate appropriate returns with less risk. We
are emphasizing our broad array of value- added services, including innovative technology-related solutions.
A key driver of this approach is our Treasury Management business, which showed strong sales growth in 2001. In fact, last year noninterest income repre- sented roughly 60% of revenue from rela- tionships not designated for exit or sale.
Another thing that sets PNC apart from many peers is our group of Asset Management and Processing busi- nesses. They are among the industry’s leaders, and they’re poised for high- quality growth.
BlackRock’s strong fixed-income and liquidity investment track record, international expansion, and the continued growth of alternative invest- ments and the BlackRock Solutions product line drove exceptional perform- ance in 2001. The firm (NYSE: BLK) increased assets under management
by 17% in 2001, and delivered 23% growth in net income.
PFPC is the nation’s largest full-service mutual fund transfer agent and second-largest provider of mutual fund accounting and administration services. Its complement of technolo- gy-based, customized solutions, and
a larger international presence, helped fuel a 9% increase in funds servicing revenue in 2001.
PNC Advisors improved its distribution platform and experienced strong customer growth last year,
but weak equity markets adversely impacted overall results.
We recognized long ago that building best-of-class businesses requires implementing best-of-class technology. As you’ve read, technology is enhancing results and enabling us to be more responsive to customer needs across our company. In fact, Information Week named PNC the top-rated financial services company in its list of the
500 leading information technology innovators in the U.S.
REPOSITIONING THE FRANCHISE
As our investments in technology have strengthened our businesses, we’ve been at work on an even
larger mission to reduce risk and improve returns.
 4
    
  5
LOOKING AHEAD
In recent years, we have exited or downsized capital-intensive businesses such as credit cards, residential mort- gage banking and indirect auto, ware- house and institutional lending.
In 2001, we accelerated this effort by reducing total loans by approximately $13 billion. That includes $3.4 billion in institutional loan outstandings that we transferred to held for sale. In 2002, we will diligently pursue opportunities to liquidate loans held for sale.
Our 2001 loan reduction initiative included institutional credits that no longer meet our risk/return criteria and our $1.9 billion vehicle leasing business. We decided to discontinue vehicle leas- ing due to the rapidly changing environ- ment and what we now believe to be unacceptable risk dynamics.
We are also repositioning our venture capital activities to focus more on managing client investments. Through this approach, we attracted more than $100 million of external funding commitments in 2001.
In connection with the sale of our residential mortgage banking busi- ness in January 2001, a bookkeeping error occurred. While completing our year-end review, we discovered and cor- rected the error. As a result, net income from discontinued operations for 2001 was adjusted to $5 million, $35 million less than originally reported.
This event was unrelated to the restatement referred to earlier, and I can assure you we took immediate actions to resolve this situation and implement measures designed to prevent it from happening again.
 The repositioning of PNC has been aligned with our long-term goal of creating a more valuable company.
We enter 2002 with a higher- quality revenue mix, driven by business- es with stronger growth potential. Asset management and processing businesses contributed 38% of business revenue in 2001. Our reliance on lending revenue was among the lowest of our peers, as was our loans to deposits ratio, another indicator of our efforts to reduce bal- ance sheet leverage.
Through our efforts, we have built a well-capitalized company that is capable of significant capital generation, and we are focused on managing it effectively. Your board of directors has authorized a repurchase of up to 35 mil- lion common shares through February 2004. We will act on this authorization as we downsize the exit and held for sale loan portfolios and as other conditions permit. We will also consider other means by which capital can be used to improve returns.
For example, we will continue
to pursue acquisitions that enhance our competitive advantage and build more valuable businesses. Our recent acquisition of a portion of the U.S. asset-based lending business of the National Bank of Canada is a good example. It will further enhance a business we have built into one of the top-5 asset-based lenders in the nation.
In 2002, we will seek additional opportunities that help us meet the risk/return criteria of our businesses and support our goal of delivering more consistent earnings growth over time.
    
  As a result, the number of employees rating PNC a great place to work reached an all-time high in 2001. In addition, Working Mother magazine named PNC to its prestigious list of 100 top companies for working mothers.
We also recognize the importance
of being a good neighbor — and we
strive to strengthen the economic vitality of the communities we serve. Last year alone, corporate sponsorships and PNC Foundation funding for non-profit organi- zations totaled approximately $20 million.
In this challenging and demanding environment, the leadership of our board of directors and our entire management team is more important than ever. I want to thank them for their vital contributions and deep commitment to the success of our company. I offer special thanks to Craig McClelland, who is retiring after 17 years of dedicated service to our board, and Dick Carnall, who is retiring as CEO of PFPC following an outstanding 32-year career with our company.
Finally, I want to thank you, our shareholders, for the investment you have made in PNC. Although I’m disappointed with some of the issues we’ve had to
face, I’m excited about the company we are building. We’re positioned to create significant value in the short and long term — and I look forward to the opportunities ahead.
Sincerely,
  James E. Rohr
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
LEADING THE WAY
Despite difficult economic condi- tions and other challenges I’ve outlined, our employees performed extraordinarily in 2001. We achieved high levels of customer satisfaction and strengthened sales perform- ance in a number of key businesses.
Our employees are also community ambassadors for PNC. Thanks to them, we’re rapidly approaching our goal of performing 1 million hours of service under our “Promise to Neighborhood Children” initiative.
We’ve worked to support the val- ues-based culture our employees have created. We offer a leading benefits pack- age and we’ve implemented a number of initiatives to enhance our employees’ quality of life.
 6
JAMES E. ROHR
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
     