FromtheCEO | March1,2016
    Dear Shareholder,
On the whole, 2015 was a successful year for PNC despite an increasingly difficult revenue environment, evolving regulation and intensifying competition. Early hopes that the Federal Reserve would begin to raise rates by midyear proved overly optimistic, and global economic uncertainty, falling energy prices and curtailed capital investment raised questions about how well our industry would weather the storm. But at PNC, we focused on those things that were within our power to control, executed on our strategic priorities and continued to
deliver the solid, consistent results our shareholders have come to expect.
PNC reported net income of $4.1 billion, or $7.39 per diluted common share, in 2015. Our return on average assets was 1.17 percent.
The fourth quarter of 2015 was PNC’s 11th consecutive quarter of $1 billion or more in net income.
Of course, past performance does not guarantee future results, but our consistency reflects the soundness of our strategic direction, our proven ability to execute and our unwillingness to
compromise our risk appetite or mortgage the future of the company in pursuit of
short-term gains.
For the full year, in 2015 we grew loans by 1 percent, deposits were up
7 percent, fee income was up 3 percent, and noninterest income represented ahigherpercentageofourtotalrevenuemixthanin2014. Wealsocontrolled expenses well; 2015 was the third year in a row that expenses declined despite major, ongoing investments in our retail banking business and technology infrastructure.
 2015 was the third year in a row that expenses declined.

Creating Long-Term Value and Returning
Capital to Our Shareholders
PNC’s stock reached an all-time-high share price in 2015, finishing the year 4 percent higher than at the close of 2014. And over the three-year period ending December 31, 2015, PNC ranked first among our peer group in total shareholder return.
In addition, we continued to grow tangible book value in 2015, with an increase of
6 percent over the prior year, and maintained strong capital and liquidity positions
even as we returned more capital to shareholders through repurchases and
higher dividends. Repurchases for the full year totaled 22.3 million common
shares for $2.1 billion, and we raised the quarterly dividend on our common stock
6 percent to 51 cents per share in the second quarter. Our capital levels have allowed us to support the growth of the business and meet regulatory requirements while also delivering strong capital returns to our shareholders.
Steady Progress in a Challenging Time
After years of historically low interest rates that have squeezed net interest margins for institutions across the industry, persistent concerns about the global economy further delayed Federal Reserve action until December, when we finally saw the first rate increase since 2006.
Meanwhile, the pressures of new and expanded regulations persisted, requiring substantial investments of energy and capital. Across the bank,
The Next Frontier of Innovation and Competition
Competition also intensified in 2015, coming not only from our industry peers but also from the technology sector. Recent investments by venture capitalists
in financial technology (FinTech) firms, as well as established social media and communications firms, are creating new offerings against which we have to compete. And these companies aim to disintermediate banks by moving aggressively to cater to consumers’ desires for less complexity, greater speed of delivery and ubiquitous platforms that work independently of clients’ primary banking relationships.
The FinTech boom we are witnessing today is not entirely unlike the dot-com revolution of the 1990s. There are legitimate questions about the ability of many of these companies to withstand a downturn or even to create a revenue model that supports their
we changed loan pricing and deposit strategies to align them with the new liquidity coverage ratio rules. We continued to refine and improve our Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review models and processes. And we achieved a major milestone with the announcement in June that PNC Bank,
N.A. had satisfied all of its requirements under the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency’s mortgage consent orders.
development and marketing costs. In addition, many of them represent significant security concerns for consumers and our industry. Many of these services require that customers provide their online banking login credentials, and they have gained or seek to gain access to the payments system despite the fact that they are not subject to the same regulatory oversight as banks.
Still, it is clear that FinTech is changing the way our customers want to bank and, like the Internet, will ultimately have a profound impact on the way we interact with and serve our clients.
While perhaps daunting, there are clear opportunities for banks that have the resources and risk management systems to meet these FinTech companies in the marketplace and offer a better,
Three-Year Total Return
15% 13%
No. 1 Among Peer Group
21%
 Peer Group
S&P 500 PNC
Stock price change and dividend reinvestment. Three years ended December 31, 2015.

 “While perhaps
daunting, there are clear opportunities for banks that have the resources and risk management systems to meet these FinTech companies in the marketplace and offer
a better, more secure product set to customers.”
more secure product set to customers. We have the customer relationships today, and we need to change the way we serve our customers to protect
this franchise. To that end, we are making important investments across our business and, in some cases, alongside others in the industry. In 2015, PNC invested with six other banks in Early Warning Services (EWS), a leading provider of fraud prevention and risk management solutions. EWS then acquired ClearXchange, the first network in the United States created by banks that lets customers send and receive person-to-person (P-to-P) payments easily and securely using an email address or mobile phone number. Integrating the services and capabilities of these businesses and their related networks will enable us to create a secure, real-time solution for P-to-P payments and mobile check deposits that no single bank could accomplish alone and that will work for customers of virtually any bank in the country.
Additionally, in January of this year, we announced an investment in Digital
Asset Holdings, a developer of distributed ledger technology, which is expected to improve efficiency, security, compliance and settlement speed for financial institutions.
PNC will continue to make investments in financial technologies that help us deliver the products and services our customers want in a way that strengthens the relationships we already enjoy with them. That focus on our customers — not innovating for the sake of innovation but rather to provide a superior banking experience and meet the evolving needs of the people we serve — is at the heart of our investment strategy, just as it remains at the heart of our Main Street banking philosophy.
Creating a Better Bank for the People We Serve and Our Employees
In 2015, we continued to take important steps to improve the PNC customer experience. We rolled out a new service model, PNC CARES, across our lines of business. We launched a new innovation lab that enables us to test new products and services and improve the way we engage with customers across all of our channels.
We introduced a new model for gauging customer satisfaction
and loyalty to the brand — Net Promoter Score — which tells us not only whether customers are satisfied with the quality of their relationship with PNC, but also how likely they are to recommend us to family and friends. We created a Voice of the Customer database to help us turn customer feedback into experience enhancements. And we implemented more than 100 improvements enterprise-wide driven by customer and employee input.
Our ability to differentiate PNC comes down to the quality of the experiences we create for the people we serve and the quality of the teams we field to deliver those experiences. In 2015, we took action to ensure through time that we are building the highest-
The CARES model encourages employees to connect with customers in a personal way, acknowledge the customer’s feelings, resolve issues and recommend options, express sincere thanks, and share best practices among their colleagues.
                    is we deliver
exceptional service
CONNECT
ACKNOWLEDGE
RESOLVE
EXPRESS THANKS
SHARE
                                                             
  performing, diverse teams of employees to serve our customers on the front lines and provide the back-office and operational support we depend on to deliver the best possible customer experiences each day.
We took a fresh look at talent management and created new accountabilities for managers and employees at every level. We also built a framework for all employees to work with their managers to establish career development plans, thereby creating clear lines of sight to help employees understand what they need to do to advance within the company.
Importantly, we took steps in 2015 to automatically
enroll all eligible employees in the company’s 401(k)
plan so that they may benefit from the company’s matching contribution as well as to provide resources to help them prepare for retirement. By giving employees more opportunities to flourish and establishing even clearer accountability, we are building a talent culture focused on performance and geared for success as we execute on our strategic priorities.
Building a Leading Banking Franchise in Our Underpenetrated Markets
 Sometimes it’s the little things that matter. After reading a customer’s complaint on Facebook about an ATM in need of cleaning, employees Bill Emmerson and Andrew McLachlan took ownership of the issue. When they replied to the online conversation with these pictures of themselves cleaning
the machine and applying insect repellant, the customer responded with delight, and a negative experience turned into a positive interaction.
PNC enjoys a leading position in many of the markets we serve, and we are extremely pleased with the pace of our growth in the Southeast since entering the region in 2012. But we still have a lot of room to grow across the Southeast as well as in a number of highly competitive Midwestern markets, particularly Chicago, St. Louis and Milwaukee.
The Southeast represents the single-best organic growth opportunity for PNC through time. Collectively,
these markets represented 11 percent of PNC’s total market revenue in 2015.
In addition to delivering value-added solutions to our clients, we are succeeding in these markets because of the work we have done to embed ourselves in these communities, leveraging our regional president model along with strategic sponsorships and targeted marketing. Brand awareness and client consideration metrics are up, and in Corporate & Institutional
Banking in the Southeast, we are particularly pleased that we now lead deals for corporate clients of all sizes and are gaining a stronger foothold in the middle market.
This remains a long-term growth effort, but the progress we are making in the face of stiff competition validates our commitment to these markets.
 Representing the creative ways we are leveraging marketing dollars to raise brand awareness, our new sponsorship with the Chicago Bears makes PNC the official banking partner of the team and provides a tremendous platform to tell our story and connect
in a unique, personal way with customers and prospects in one of our most important underpenetrated markets.

Reinventing the Retail Banking Experience
Across our markets, we also are making significant progress in the ongoing transformation of the retail network through transaction migration, increased use of digital channels by our customers, the conversion of branches to meet the needs of today’s customers and select branch consolidations. We now operate more than 375 branches under our universal model, which leverages enhanced technologies and frees staff to focus on sales and service. We plan to open or convert more than 100 additional universal branches in 2016. These branches are less expensive to operate and are more productive, on average, than the branches they are replacing.
With customers who primarily interact with us through digital channels surpassing 50 percent in 2015, the retail transformation has enabled us to take more than $250 million out of our cost to operate
the network and reinvest those funds to improve
the customer experience. We have done so through enhancements to the customer care center, upgrades to our digital products, expansion of our deposit-ready ATM fleet and rollout of instant debit card issuance to more than 500 of our branches.
While this effort directly aligns with the evolving preferences of our customers, it also creates opportunities to have more meaningful conversations about their financial goals. In 2015, we expanded an appointment-setting program piloted in 2014 in which we proactively ask customers who don’t frequent
a branch to come in for a discussion about their financial well-being. Since the program launched,
we have scheduled nearly 1 million customer appointments, resulting in sales of more than 320,000 additional products to help customers meet all of their financial needs.
Given the number of customers we serve through our retail business, I am pleased to report that Chief Customer Officer Karen Larrimer has been named to head our retail bank as Neil Hall prepares to retire
after a 21-year career with PNC. Neil has set our retail business on a course that will position us well for generations to come, and I am grateful for his vision and partnership through the years.
We also are in the midst of an effort to completely redesign the home lending process and integrate
it with our consumer lending services for improved efficiency and a better user experience. Our goal in home lending has never been to become the biggest mortgage provider, but we aim to be the best provider of mortgages and other home lending products for our customers with home financing needs.
MTKPhotographyusa As this transformation gains momentum, I’d like to
thank PNC Mortgage President and Chief Executive Officer Joe Guyaux, who also plans to retire after a 44-year career in which he has led virtually every business within the company at one time or another. Stepping in to lead the mortgage business through the home lending transformation and to lead our consumer lending business going forward is PNC Treasurer and Chief Investment Officer Bill Parsley.
Through time, we expect the retail lending business to become an integrated and streamlined consumer and small business credit powerhouse with the decision- making authority, speed of execution and digital capabilities needed to compete with and outperform the FinTech startups that have already begun to change the market.
  After attending a PNC seminar to learn about the home buying process and then working with a PNC Mortgage loan officer to identify a combination of lending solutions that would enable them to buy their perfect renovation project, newlyweds Tasha and Frankie Wilburn sent this picture
and a note to thank PNC for helping them achieve their home ownership dreams.
Photo: Alexis and Arnisha Rogers,

Capturing More Investable Assets
2015 Fee Income
  Within our Asset Management Group, we continued to gain traction in 2015, with average deposits increasing 15 percent and noninterest income up more than $50 million year over year. Since we expanded our efforts to capture more of our existing customers’ investable assets in 2012, AMG has realized average annual noninterest income growth of 9 percent.
New sales production was fueled in 2015 by strong referral partnerships between PNC’s lines of business and by continuously adapting our sales, service and insight delivery methods to meet our clients’ evolving needs.
24% Consumer Services
12% Service Charges on Deposits
    Despite the success of the business over the last several
years, we realized that change was required to ensure our ability to continue providing clients the quality of service they have come to expect from PNC well into the future. As a result, we initiated within AMG one of the most dramatic realignments of talent, products and services that any PNC business has undergone in recent memory. Across the business, we are working to elevate our approach to risk management, enhance the client experience and improve the employee experience. There is still work to be done, but when we are through, we believe AMG will be more agile, efficient and poised for even greater growth.
Bolstering Critical Infrastructure and Streamlining Core Processes
28% Asset Management
$5.6 Billion
10% Residential Mortgage
26% Corporate Services
 Positioning our businesses for future growth is only half the battle, and we have been working for a number of years now on an aggressive effort to make internal processes more effective and efficient as well as to strengthen the technology backbone that supports the company’s ability to grow.
In 2015, we took major steps to modernize our data center strategy. Over the next three years, we will scale down from 13 legacy centers to three state- of-the art facilities that operate in different locations with distinct power sources. The new data centers
are designed to protect customer data and prevent or minimize service disruptions in the event of a disaster. Throughout the year, we successfully conducted major business continuity exercises simulating systems disruptions at our New Summit data center and testing our ability to get hundreds of applications back online quickly and with no loss of data at our new Greenfield I data center.
In December, we opened our Greenfield II data
center. Once that facility is fully operational this year, Greenfield I will become the primary site from which virtually all of our applications will be run. It will then be linked by dark fiber cable to Greenfield II, enabling data to flow in near real-time, thus allowing application recovery to occur practically instantaneously and
 In PNC’s Fusion Center, employees work 24 hours a day, seven days a week, to monitor cybersecurity threats from around the world and deploy appropriate defenses to help ensure the soundness of our systems and safety of our customers’ private data and assets. Pictured: Service Quality Specialist Allison Kelley and Network Analyst Nick Travis

dramatically reducing the risk of critical systems disruptions that impede operations.
Beyond physical data centers, we are investing heavily in our cybersecurity systems. Our customers entrust us with sensitive private data, and we are committed to doing all we can to keep it safe. Identity theft, fraud and other unauthorized access to this information
Delivering for our Communities
are threats against which we have to remain vigilant. In 2015, data security supplanted branch location as the top reason a consumer chooses one bank over another, and we have to continue to be very good in this space to maintain the trust of the people and organizations we serve.
Just as we are executing on our strategic priorities and working to fulfill our commitments to our customers, shareholders and employees, PNC continues to invest in the prosperity of the communities where we do business.
In 2015, PNC provided $1.3 billion in financing that benefited low- and moderate-income populations, including more than $700 million in community development loans. The PNC Foundation and PNC Bank provided
$72 million in charitable giving and sponsorships, the majority of which supports education, the arts and economic development.
 PNC Grow Up Great — now entering its 12th year helping to increase access to quality early childhood education across our markets — distributed nearly
$17 million in grants in 2015. Grow Up Great also expanded a $10.7 million community vocabulary collaborative pilot to seven new cities. The program is designed to help families develop positive routines and habits that support children’s development of vocabulary and prepare them for school.
Additionally, PNC employees volunteered more than 84,000 hours in 2015, and employee support for the United Way helped raise more than $8.5 million.
You can read much more about our community support in the 2015 PNC Corporate Social Responsibility Report, available on PNC.com.
distributed nearly
$17 million
in grants in 2015
More than
84,000 PNC employee volunteer hours
in 2015
At PNC, we believe every child deserves the opportunity and support to reach her or his full potential. Over the last 11 years, through our Grow Up Great program and with the support
of thousands of PNC employees who have generously volunteered their time and donated classroom supplies, books and warm winter coats, we have helped prepare more than
2.5 million children throughout the markets we serve for success in school and in life.
 
Excitement and Opportunity Amid Uncertainty and Challenges
Before I close, I would like to thank three retiring board members — Paul Chellgren, Anthony Massaro and Thomas Usher — whose contributions to the strategic direction and governance of our company have been tremendous drivers of our success through the years. Paul, Tony and Tom have been wonderful advisors and advocates for PNC’s shareholders, and I will miss their counsel. I also would like to welcome former Walgreens Boots Alliance President and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Wasson, who joined our board in July, as well as former Sprint Corporation President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Hesse and CSX Corporation Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Ward, who joined our board in January of this year.
The year ahead is full of uncertainty. We don’t know exactly what the markets will do in response to China’s slowing economy or how far oil prices might fall. Nor do we know if or when the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates again. It is unclear just how disruptive companies reaching into the FinTech space will be. It also is a presidential election year, which means our industry may find itself once again a favorite target for criticism by politicians and pundits. Some might look at the landscape and see nothing but trouble. At PNC, we see tremendous opportunity.
In times such as these, our customers need to know they are backed by a bank with a proven record of consistent performance ... a bank with a culture built on the idea that we must always strive to do what is right ... a bank that prides itself on knowing its customers and supporting its communities ... a bank that continues to work and invest to improve because we believe that just being good is not good enough for the people we serve.
We expect that interest rates will rise in 2016, and we are poised to benefit when they do. I am excited about the work we are doing to enhance the customer experience and the progress we are making against our strategic priorities. I am eager to see how our own investments in FinTech evolve into a competitive advantage while solving real needs for the people we serve. I am proud to lead this organization. And I am more convinced than ever that we have the right strategy, model, people and culture to capitalize on the opportunities ahead and overcome the challenges we will face along the way.
Thank you for your continued confidence and investment in PNC. Sincerely,
William S. Demchak
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
PNC’s Southeast markets are defined as Alabama, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida. Southeast markets revenue was $1.1 billion in 2015 and represented 11 percent of total market revenue and 7 percent of total revenue. Total market revenue for 2015 was $10.4 billion, calculated as total revenue of $15.2 billion less non-market revenue of $4.8 billion. Non-market revenue is the portion of total revenue derived from businesses or activities that are not tied to particular markets (such as asset and liability management and our BlackRock stake) or that are managed financially on a nationwide basis (most significantly the secured lending businesses in Corporate & Institutional Banking).
For more information regarding certain factors that could cause future results to differ, possibly materially, from historical performance or from those anticipated in forward-looking statements, see the Cautionary Statement in Item 7 of our 2015 Form 10-K, which accompanies this letter. For additional information regarding PNC’s Peer Group, see Item 5 of the accompanying 2015 Form 10-K, and for additional information on PNC’s tangible book value and fee income, see the Statistical Information (Unaudited) section in Item 8 of the accompanying 2015 Form 10-K.
 