2 PNC LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  I am pleased to report that our company delivered extraordinary results in 2005. Earnings grew
11 percent to a record $1.3 billion, or $4.55 per diluted share. Customer satisfaction ratings reached all-time highs in retail banking and other businesses. We took aggressive action to expand and grow our company. Asset quality remained very strong, among the best in our peer group. And our company and employees did more to support our communities than ever before.
  1.50 1.25 1.00 0.75 0.50 0.25 0.00
03 04 05
EARNINGS
$ billions
   The fundamental strength of our operating platform helped drive this performance and fuel 16 percent growth in both average deposits and average loans, and boost total assets to a record $92 billion. Led
by outstanding growth at BlackRock and PFPC, we grew noninterest income by 17 percent.
These accomplishments helped earn investor con- fidence: PNC’s stock price grew by 8 percent over the year, and our total return to shareholders over the one- and three-year periods was the best in our 10-company peer group.
Our performance is a tribute to the 25,000-member PNC team – and it reflects the marked progress
we have made toward our vision of delivering con- sistently strong earnings growth while adhering to disciplined risk management.
Executing Strategies to Win
The groundwork for this success took place during
the three-year period leading into 2005. Over that time, we took extensive measures to strengthen areas that were weak, and we made core competencies that were already good even better.
Through those actions, we significantly improved the customer experience; we built one of the industry’s premier risk management programs; we added depth and experience to our management team; and we enhanced one of the industry’s top technology platforms.
To build on these strengths, we have vigorously executed strategies surrounding the priorities I outlined for you last year.
 
  “I am pleased to report that our company delivered extraordinary results in 2005.”
 First, we continued to grow our customer base. Our actions helped us achieve client growth in virtually every business. We started by streamlining our banking businesses. Joe Guyaux, our president, heads the Retail Banking business. Vice Chairman Bill Demchak leads Corporate & Institutional Banking. Each has a wealth of industry experience and a record of building growth- driven cultures.
Under their leadership, these teams are now able to serve customers in a more unified and streamlined fashion – and through a simplified and enhanced PNC brand position. This structure will help us build upon already strong results. Retail Banking delivered outstanding earnings and record customer satisfaction, and our Corporate & Institutional Banking team grew average loans 12 percent year over year.
And client growth at our global funds provider, PFPC, helped increase total fund assets serviced to $1.9 trillion.
Second, we leveraged our market leadership positions to grow our businesses. We have grown our client base because we compete to win. In the areas we have targeted for growth, we have built the size, scale and expertise necessary to be very effective.
For example, we are one of the major retail banks in virtually every market we serve; and we are the number one small business lender in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware.
The story is similar in the middle market space, where we have the number one middle market loan syndications group in the Northeast and one of the leading national middle market M&A advisors.
Nationally, we are a top-five asset-based lender and a top-10 treasury management provider. And PFPC remains one of the nation’s largest providers of transfer agency services to mutual fund and other investment companies.
JAMES E. ROHR
CHAIRMAN AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
(pictured at one of PNC’s new “green” branches)
   
4 PNC LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
   WILLIAM S. DEMCHAK
VICE CHAIRMAN HEAD OF CORPORATE & INSTITUTIONAL BANKING
JAMES E. ROHR
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
JOSEPH C. GUYAUX
PRESIDENT HEAD OF RETAIL BANKING
Third, we have taken measures to improve our operating leverage. Although our business mix does not lend itself to a best-in-class efficiency ratio for a financial institution, we knew we could do a much better job of improving operating leverage, which, in essence, means growing revenue at a faster rate than expenses.
Last year we launched the “One PNC” initiative, undertaking the most comprehensive review ever of our company. Through streamlining processes, moving decision-making functions closer to the customer and reorganizing our businesses, we built a more efficient and unified company. As a result, we are also taking the difficult but necessary step of eliminating 3,000 positions, mostly through attrition.
One PNC expense reduction and revenue growth ideas contributed a net $90 million pre-tax benefit toward the bottom line in 2005, $55 million more than originally anticipated at this point. We are very much on track to achieve the expected $400 million total by 2007.
The true impact of One PNC will be felt in the long-term change it has effected, as we create a culture of continuous improvement.
Fourth, we have the power to invest in and grow our company. Through expense savings and efficient use of our capital, we continue to make disciplined invest- ments to drive growth and create shareholder value, including three key strategic acquisitions to expand our franchise and broaden our capabilities.
Early in 2005, BlackRock added State Street Research and Management, an acquisition that was accretive to earnings in 2005. We entered the greater Washington, D.C., area in May, taking a foothold in that very attrac- tive market. And in September, we added Harris Williams, a leading national middle market mergers and acquisitions advisory firm that is helping PNC make further inroads with middle market clients.
The Harris Williams transaction was also accretive to earnings last year, and we expect that the Riggs transaction will be accretive this year.
BlackRock’s agreement to acquire Merrill Lynch’s investment management business, which will create one of the world’s largest asset management firms, will provide us with a great deal of capital flexibility and additional benefits.
 
PNC 2005 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 5
 We will retain a 34 percent stake in the new, larger BlackRock and, as a result, expect an increase in
its contribution to PNC’s earnings and a large unrecognized gain when compared to our original $240 million investment in 1995. In addition, based
on a recent BlackRock stock price, we currently esti- mate that we will record a $1.8 billion after-tax gain upon the transaction’s close, which provides us with the ability to create shareholder value through activities such as repurchasing shares and making additional investments in our businesses.
Finally, we managed risk to drive consistent growth.
To this end, we have made remarkable progress
in building a best-in-class risk management program. By investing wisely, we have created flexibility in
our balance sheet. Unlike some banks, we carefully avoided the “cash and carry” gamble (making long- term investments in a low-rate environment to boost short-term earnings) and therefore we are not saddled with the resulting lower-performing investments.
We have also followed prudent risk-return criteria to help maintain strong asset quality. Our ongoing
objective is to manage risk in a way that mitigates earnings volatility yet enables us to grow profitability.
Just as important, Rick Johnson, our chief financial officer, has led the implementation of a series of changes to improve financial reporting and disclosure, making it easier for you, the shareholder, to understand our strategies and track our performance. And as we entered 2006, Institutional Shareholder Services rated PNC’s corporate governance policies in the 99th percentile of the banking industry.
Looking Ahead
Our ability to execute the strategies we have outlined and our capital flexibility will help us build on the progress and growth we achieved in 2005. We believe our proven ability to execute our strategies – even when facing stiffening competition and industry-wide challenges such as a flat yield curve and potentially higher credit costs – differentiates our company.
More so than ever, growth is a mind-set at PNC. And we view growth broadly: we do not limit it to increases
For the period ending December 31, 2005
 19% 15% 11%
7%
3% -1%
1-Year 3-Year
ANNUALIZED
TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
        n S&P Index
n 10-Company Peer
Group Average n PNC
   
6 PNC LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
   ASSETS
$ billions
100
90
80
70
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
   03 04 05
At December 31
in the bottom line, though that is critically important to our goals. True growth must also encompass our employees – through opportunities for professional
and personal development – and our communities – through investments in economic expansion and vitality.
We empower our employees to achieve the highest levels of performance, and we support them and
their families through top-tier benefits programs.
In fact, PNC’s 401(k) plan is rated by an independent benefits consulting firm to be in the top 10 percent when compared to other large companies that offer employees both a pension and a savings plan.
Through programs such as PNC Grow Up Great,
our 10-year, $100 million initiative to help children from birth to age 5 become better prepared for school and life, our company and our employees are making a difference in our communities that can help fuel growth for generations to come.
In 2005, our efforts helped programs that support nearly 30,000 children across eight states and Washington, D.C.; and PNC Grow Up Great was recognized by Reading Is Fundamental and others for being the most comprehensive corporate program of its kind.
This performance would not be possible without the tremendous contributions of our 25,000-member team and our board of directors. I thank each of them for their leadership and support.
On behalf of everyone at PNC, I would also like to thank our customers and our shareholders for their continued trust in our company. As always, we will work hard to exceed your expectations.
Sincerely,
JAMES E. ROHR
CHAIRMAN AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
  