 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS}
 ASSETS
$ billions 90
80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10
0
    At December 31
I am pleased to report that your company had an excellent year in 2004 and is well positioned to thrive in the years ahead. We are driven by a vision of PNC as an industry leader – devoted to best-in-class customer service and delivering strong growth with moderate risk – and we are focused on bringing this vision to reality.
In 2004 we earned $1.2 billion, a 20 percent increase over 2003. We made steady gains across customer segments, which led to a 14 percent increase in average loans and a 12 percent increase in average deposits. Our total assets grew to $80 billion, an increase of 17 percent over 2003. Asset quality improved dramatically. And assets under management increased eight percent, while total assets serviced increased 13 percent, to $1.8 trillion.
In addition to this earnings and balance sheet growth, we made substantial capital investments to expand the franchise. We successfully integrated New Jersey-based United National Bancorp early in 2004. In July, we announced the still-pending acquisition of Riggs National Corporation, a move that will give us entrée into the extremely lucrative Washington, D.C. metropolitan marketplace. And in January 2005 BlackRock, our asset management company, closed its acquisition of SSRM Holdings, Inc.; that transaction pushed assets under management at BlackRock to almost $400 billion.
Prudent management of our balance sheet underpinned our growth in 2004. For the past several years, I have emphasized in this space that PNC would resist the temptation of undue interest rate risk, that we would forego short-term profits to ensure that we could avoid the value-destroying impact of interest rate volatility. In 2004, those commitments were rewarded: While many of our competitors suffered from rising interest rates, we did not.
02 03 04
 2
2004 PNC Summary Annual Report
 
We have built a powerful engine for growth. Now our challenge, both simple and complex, is execution.
 James E. Rohr
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer (right)
Joseph C. Guyaux
President (center)
William S. Demchak
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer (left)
Strength across businesses
Across all of our business segments, 2004 was a year of progress and growth. In the community bank, an eight percent increase in checking account relationships – the keystone of broader customer relationships – significantly outpaced the population growth of our primary banking region, and our renewed emphasis on small business banking produced exceptional results. We charged branch managers to call on more small business prospects and added more dedicated sales people, which contributed to a 13 percent increase in relationships and a 65 percent increase in small business loan production.
The wholesale business experienced dramatic improvements in asset quality, leading to a significantly reduced provision, and made substantial gains across customer segments. Several fee-based products within Wholesale produced strong growth, including record revenues from Midland Loan Services.
 
   DEPOSITS
$ billions
60 50 40 30 20 10
0
      4Q 1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 03 04 04 04 04
At quarter end
First, we will make PNC
a far more efficient operator; we will do all we can to streamline
our organization so that nothing interferes with the service we provide our customers or our ability to attract profitable new relationships.
Our wealth and asset management businesses made important strides. PNC Advisors increased its earnings by 19 percent and successfully transitioned its business model to a relationship management approach, giving clients a single contact point for all of their dealings with PNC. BlackRock, our asset manage- ment subsidiary, had an excellent year, increasing assets under management to $342 billion at year end thanks to strong new mandates, global expansion and market appreciation.
And our processing business, PFPC, produced exceptional results given the stiff challenges it faced, including weak equity market trading volumes, price compression in many products and investigations of the mutual fund industry. Our success came primarily from an aggressive push into new markets – we increased offshore assets serviced by more than a third, for example – and disciplined cost control.
The road ahead
Our achievements in 2004, however outstanding, are by now long in the past.
I am eager, as are all of my colleagues at PNC, to move forward. We have built a powerful engine for growth. Now our challenge, both simple and complex,
is execution.
Our business mix provides sustainable diversity of revenues – from fees and interest, and from a broad range of products and services. We win business across wide swaths of the world: with retail banking customers in our six- state region, with secured lending and real estate clients around the country, with asset management and processing clients across continents. And our resources – capital and assets – are as well managed as ever. In short, we have created our own potential.
Here is how we will realize it. First, we will make PNC a far more efficient operator; we will do all we can to streamline our organization so that nothing interferes with the service we provide our customers or our ability to attract profitable new relationships. This perseverance on behalf of the customer will be a unifying theme at PNC; we will rededicate ourselves to solving customer problems, to helping our customers build their businesses, to earning the trust of all of our constituents and to delivering to our customers the full and formidable power of PNC.
 4
2004 PNC Summary Annual Report
 
  For us to act as a unified company on behalf of our customers, we must change, and we have, as this report comes to you, begun the process of making PNC leaner and more responsive. I am leading an aggressive efficiency initiative with goals of maximizing revenue opportunities and finding ways to cut costs. We have asked people at all levels across the organization to take a hard look at how they operate, and we will implement the ideas our teams generate during the balance of this year.
Second, we will claim the advantage of our size. Our industry has experienced steady consolidation for many years, and with recent mergers we have seen the advent of the trillion-dollar bank. In consolidation lies opportunity –
we compete against fewer banks for our core middle-market customers, for example – and in our size lies possibility unavailable to the mega-banks.
We are big enough, we have enough resources, to compete for the business we choose to pursue, but we are also small enough to be nimble and quick
to respond to our customers’ needs. A more efficient PNC will be a formidable competitor against firms large and small.
Third, we will continue to manage our balance sheet with a focus on creating long-term value. We have developed a highly sophisticated set of tools – including an index against which we can measure our performance and daily balance sheet valuation reporting – that allows us to make fast, well informed, risk-appropriate investment decisions.
Fourth, we will understand our customers and prospects better. We have developed a very robust database of information that delivers knowledge about our customers to the fingertips of our employees sitting alongside those customers. In 2005, we will further this competency by completing a rigorous program aimed at identifying our market opportunities across products and regions.
Finally, we will continue to innovate and invest. Over the past several years, we have generated myriad new products, including the highly successful BlackRock Solutions® and Treasury Management’s A/R Advantage, and we will push our people to create further innovations in the years ahead. We will also continue to invest in the profitable expansion of our existing businesses, and we will continue to seek acquisitions in high-growth markets.
At quarter end
 LOANS
$ billions 50
40 30 20 10
0
     4Q 1Q 2Q 3Q 4Q 03 04 04 04 04

 Delivering for all of our constituents
Banking is a mature and highly competitive industry, which means that achieving organic revenue growth is a constant challenge. I believe PNC has the resources – the people, the capital, the technology, the market presence – and the drive necessary to achieve risk-adjusted growth rates that exceed
our peer group average. I believe we can deliver more of that revenue growth to the bottom line by improving our operating efficiency. And I believe strong shareholder returns will follow the performance we expect to achieve.
The communities in which we do business will continue to benefit from our success also. Through programs like PNC Grow Up Great, our 10-year, $100 million initiative to help prepare young children for school, and through The PNC Foundation’s continuous work, PNC makes its communities better for the long term.
Finally, our team – the many thousands of PNC people around the country
and overseas – both generates and benefits from our growth. We will continue to do all we can to help our employees balance their professional and personal lives; we will continue to guide them along rewarding career paths; and we will continue to encourage them to act in service to their communities.
I would like to thank all of you – our customers, our shareholders, our employees and our board of directors – for your dedication to PNC’s success and for your ongoing confidence in our company. I trust that all of you share my enthusiasm for PNC’s future.
Sincerely,
James E. Rohr
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 NONINTEREST INCOME
$ billions 4
3
2
1
0
     01 02 03 04
  6
2004 PNC Summary Annual Report
 