LE T T E R T O OU R
 SH A R E H O L D E R S
DE A R F E L L O W S H A R E H O L D E R S The PNC Financial Services Group delivered record performance in 2000
in the face of extremely challenging market dynamics and competition. Our fundamental objectives for the year were to deliver strong near-term financial performance and to
take meaningful steps to
strengthen the business mix and competitive position of our company.
I am pleased to report that we achieved these objectives.
  Powerful, Diversified Businesses
Superior Technology
Positioned for Growth
3
 
 Positive change defined our company in
2000, and our ability to embrace change during the year without compromising near-term performance is a testament to the will and resolve of our employees. In this, my first letter to shareholders, I want to thank all of my colleagues at PNC. Their efforts paved the way for a strong 2000 and drove our progress in creating a more valuable company.
ST R O N G F I N A N C I A L PE R F O R M A N C E
On an absolute basis and relative to our industry peers, the financial performance of our continuing operations was strong in 2000:
¥ Earnings per share rose to $4.09, a 10% increase over core earnings per share in 1999.
¥ Noninterest income accounted for 57% of total revenue.
¥ Asset quality remained relatively stable, with net charge-offs to average loans of .27% and nonperforming loans to total loans of .64%.
¥ Returns on equity and assets were 21% and 1.8%, respectively.
We are pleased with our financial results in 2000, and are gratified that investors have recognized the strength and consistency of our performance. In 2000, PNCÕs stock price increased by over 60%, more than four times the increase for the S&P Major Regional Banks Index.
 C O N S I S T E N C Y A N D G R O W T H : O U R TA R G E T E D OU T C O M E S
Our overriding objective is to achieve a premium valuation relative to our peers, and we recognize that achieving this objective will require the demonstrated ability to deliver strong growth
in earnings consistently over time. Accordingly,
we have focused our strategies on creating a business mix with the following characteristics:
¥ Greater diversity of earnings, with increased contri- butions from our more highly-valued businesses, including asset management and processing.
¥ Greater consistency of earnings, an objective that will demand decreased reliance on historically volatile lending activities and increased contribu- tions from fee-based activities.
¥ Strong growth dynamics, which
will require continued investments in our higher-growth businesses and increased relative contributions from higher-growth activities within our banking businesses.
B U I L D I N G A M O R E VA L U A B L E BU S I N E S S MI X
In 2000, we invested over
$1 billion in our businesses, including our acquisition of Automated Business Development, Corp., which will be inte- grated into PFPC, and BillingZone, our joint venture with Perot Systems. Our investments have focused on expanding the scope and scale of our more highly- valued businesses, building the PNC brand, attracting and retaining talented professionals, and developing and
 PNC S T O C K
CO M M O N V S. S&P
MA J O R
BA N K S IN D E X
RE G I O N A L
 (per share price increase Ñ Dec. 31, 2000 vs. Dec. 31, 1999)
64%
PNC S&P MRBI
       14%
    4
 
  implementing leading technologies to drive both rev- enue and efficiency. Very importantly, our investments have resulted in greater business diversity, which we believe will help to mitigate the impact of cycles that individual businesses will inevitably face.
The diversity of our franchise has been improved by the exceptional growth of our asset management and processing businesses Ñ PNC Advisors, BlackRock and PFPC. These businesses contributed nearly 25% of earnings in 2000, up from approxi- mately 15% in 1996. Because of the strong growth dynamics of these businesses, we believe that their relative contributions to total earnings will continue to move higher. And because these businesses compete in some of the most highly-valued sectors
in financial services, we believe their increased contributions will further improve the valuation dynamics of our company.
Equally important, we have increased revenue and earnings diversity within our banking businesses. In 2000, non-lending revenue accounted for more than twice the revenue generated by lending activities within our banking businesses. And again, this increased diversity was due in large part to the growth of more highly-valued activities, including treasury management, deposit gathering and brokerage.
A F O C U S O N C O N S I S T E N C Y A N D VA L U E
We recognize that no company operating in the financial markets is immune to risk. But we believe that our strategic actions in recent years have signifi- cantly improved our potential to generate consistent earnings growth over time.
We have lowered our reliance on traditional lending activities, which are historically more volatile than fee-driven businesses because of their inherent vulnerability to credit risk and economic cycles. We have exited the credit card business, warehouse lending
 James E. Rohr, President and Chief Executive Officer
 and significant portions of our national real estate and corporate lending businesses. In the first quarter of 2001, we sold our residential mortgage banking business, which competes in an industry historically vulnerable to significant levels of volatility.
In the past two years alone, our loan commit- ments have decreased by nearly $30 billion. But there is still work to be done, particularly in light of an uncertain economic future. We will not hesitate to take further strategic actions to improve our ability to
5
 
 deliver consistent earnings growth over time, up to and including the sale or downsizing of additional businesses that we do not believe are positioned to help us achieve our performance objectives.
EN G I N E S F O R G R O W T H
Obviously, we have downsized PNCÕs balance sheet as a result of our strategies to strengthen our busi-
ness mix. This has meant sacrific-
ing near-term net interest
income to drive what we believe
to be very positive changes in
the long-term earnings and
growth dynamics of our compa-
ny. But even as we have
removed substantial amounts of lending-related
revenue, we have been able
to grow earnings per share at a compound annual rate of 10%
over the past five years.
This performance during
a period of substantial transition
reflects the powerful growth
dynamics inherent in many
of our businesses. Our asset
management and processing
businesses Ñ PNC Advisors,
BlackRock and PFPC Ñ grew
revenue, collectively, by 22% in
2000. Among our banking business-
es, Treasury Management, Capital Markets and Business Credit delivered revenue growth of 11%, 21% and 45%, respectively, in 2000.
  Community Banking grew revenue by 3% for the year but, driven by new applications of technology to increase marketing efficiency, delivered earnings growth of 9%.
A T ECH N O L O G Y L EAD ER
Part of our confidence in the future of this company stems from our position of leadership in technology, which has represented a significant com- petitive advantage at PNC for many years. We have focused on making disciplined and focused invest- ments in technologies that have the potential to create
value for customers and shareholders alike. And our efforts across a wide range of
businesses have received significant recognition.
¥ In December, PNC was ranked 11th overall, and 2nd among financial services organiza- tions, in the ÒInnovation
100Ó research study by InformationWeek and Cap Gemini Ernst & Young, which evaluated companies based on their success in using technol- ogy to benefit customers.
¥ Our customer call center was ranked 5th-best in our industry by Financial Services Marketing.
¥ Our data center Ñ the heart of our technology capabilities Ñ was ranked as the most effi- cient in our peer group by the GartnerGroup.
This recognition is only a reflection of the value we contin- ued to deliver to customers through a number of significant technology initiatives. Our launch of BillingZone, a joint
                                                                                         Banking
and Secured Finance
Asset Management and Processing
 2000 RE V E N U E
BY BU S I N E S S
CO N T R I B U T I O N
      6
 
 levels of our company, and on living our commitment to our customers Ñ that PNC will provide innovative, thoughtful solutions for a wealth of financial needs.
In light of our achievements during the past year, and the hard work that stands behind them, many thanks are certainly in order. First, to Tom OÕBrien, who will be retiring as Chairman of PNC in May. Tom stood at the helm of our company for over 15 years, and under his leadership our employees transformed PNC from a strong, regional bank into one of the leading and best-performing financial services organizations in the nation. Thank you, Tom, from the entire PNC family.
My thanks also to Walter Gregg and our entire executive management team, who have guided PNC through a period of enormous change, and to our Board of Directors, an extremely talented group whose counsel I value immensely. Jackson Randolph and Rod Ross are to retire from our Board of Directors in April, and I extend my deepest apprecia- tion for their friendship, guidance and longstanding commitment to our company.
I am proud to be an employee of PNC.
And I have never been more proud of the entire PNC team, whose talents and energy are the foundation
of our success. On behalf of this outstanding group of employees, I would like to thank you, our shareholders, for your confidence in our company.
Sincerely,
 James E. Rohr
President and Chief Executive Officer
venture with Perot Systems, will help position PNC as a leader in electronic bill presentment and payment. BlackRock introduced BlackRock Solutions, offering industry-leading risk management and investment technology services to institutional investors. PNC Advisors introduced live Webcasts of market com- mentaries by top investment professionals. These and other innovations helped to maintain PNCÕs position as a technology leader in our industry.
Equally important, we have used technology to better understand our customers and increase the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. In Community Banking, for example, virtually all of our customer households have been offered customized packages of banking services based on what we have learned about their preferences.
O U R A S P I R AT I O N S
We are pleased with the progress we have made in increasing the value and strengthening the competi- tive position of PNC. Business by business, I believe we have built a company that is only beginning to demonstrate its inherent strength and potential. But we recognize that work remains to be done, and that we will face significant challenges going forward.
As I have stated, our fundamental objective is to earn Ñ by delivering superior earnings growth consistently over time Ñ a position as one of the most highly-valued companies in our industry. To achieve this, we will focus on further strengthening our busi- ness mix, on aggressively managing our risk profile, on continuing to develop intelligent applications of technology, on building a true marketing culture at all
 7
 