 Letter to our Shareholders
  Randall J. Hogan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Realistic & Focused.
Most of us know someone full of potential, but lacking a realistic approach or the proper focus to achieve their goals. Often they are described as “too optimistic” or “not action oriented.” Companies can be that way, too. In this environment, companies like that risk failure. We aren’t such a company. At Pentair, we are committed to getting stronger during these challenging times. By successfully navigating years of dreadful residential markets, record high material costs and most recently a global industrial recession, we’re already stronger.
We are realistic about the situation and we’ve set aggressive but achievable targets. We are focused on Pentair’s Integrated Management System (PIMS) to drive operating excellence while also investing to capture our long-term growth opportunities. Pentair is prepared for the challenges ahead. We remain realistic and focused. And that energizes me and all of our employees around the world.
2008 Financial Results
By most measures, we had a good 2008, delivering solid financial results. Although we’re proud of our
achievements, we know we could have done better. That combination of recognizing accomplishments and a commitment to “improve every day” is an important part of who we are as a company.
Sales reached $3.35 billion, an increase of two percent over 2007. We continue to become more global as 35 percent of our sales are now outside the United States. Our near-term intent is to reach 40 percent of sales outside the United States. We are investing resources on our most attractive global growth opportunities to get there.
Earnings per share of $2.59 represented a record for the company and were up 22 percent year-over- year. By leveraging PIMS, our operational excellence initiatives dramatically reduced our cost structure to brace for the difficult economy. And our pricing actions proved effective in lessening the impact from increased commodity costs, including materials and energy. We have more to do in the area of operational excellence, but the foundation PIMS provides offers our teams the resources to drive sustainable improvement in operating results.
We reduced our debt levels by over $100 million, which strengthened an already healthy balance sheet. Our lower sustainable tax rate reflects our ongoing investment to improve our structure in Europe and Asia. And since the end of the fiscal year 2008, we have increased our dividend six percent to $0.72 per share, marking the 33rd consecutive annual increase.
Well Positioned for our Customers
Solving critical customer problems is a priority for our businesses. Our customers rely on Pentair to provide more innovation, more value and increased dependability. To meet these important customer requirements, we have addressed several areas. We improved our global business alignment, introduced a number of innovative products and improved quality and delivery.
  improving every day Pentair Annual Report 2008 3

 Letter to our Shareholders (continued)
  By forming four global business units — Flow Technologies, Filtration, Pool Equipment and Technical Products — we are transforming to drive global growth at the same time we add breadth and scale to satisfy customer demands. Our talented global workforce has begun to leverage this alignment to address global opportunities and ensure that we are leveraging best practices to improve the customer experience.
The need for energy-efficient environmentally sound solutions remains paramount, despite the challenging economic environment. Individuals and organizations require efficient solutions to improve access to safe water, eliminate waste, improve efficiencies and protect equipment. Pentair’s Water and Technical Products groups are uniquely positioned to add significant value in these critical areas.
Here are just a few examples of how Pentair’s new solutions improve our customers’ experience every day:
· Our new EnviRoTM system revolutionizes the way water is filtered through reverse osmosis. With minimal storage (tank) requirements, the EnviRoTM solution reduces the physical and environmental footprint of reverse osmosis by dramatically improving water through-put and efficiency. So rather than waste four cups of water to generate one cup of pure, clean water, EnviRoTM generates four cups of pure water while discharging only one.
· Desalination is expanding as a solution for bringing water to regions inflicted with water shortages as a result of drought, arid conditions or growing demand. Pentair’s Codeline pressure vessels have been the leader in desalination. In 2008, we extended our desalination product portfolio to include:
• Pentair’s Aqualine pre-filtration system, which provides increased filter life with a smaller footprint, greatly reducing capital and operating costs.
• Our new high-efficiency reverse osmosis pumping technology, which demonstrates “best in class” energy efficiency.
· The new AccessPlus enclosure, one of the most recent products from our Technical Products business, provides equipment protection and security, as well as cooling support for advanced technical equipment. In a short time it is already a top seller in the networking and telecommunications marketplace.
Our focus on the customer goes beyond product innovation to our continued commitment to superior quality and customer service. By leveraging PIMS, we improved our on-time delivery metrics, as well as our warranty costs — both indications that we are improving customer service every day.
Positioning our Portfolio
Ensuring that we are positioning our portfolio to capture our best growth opportunities is also important. We continue to add resources in key growth regions such as the Middle East, China, India, Southeast Asia and Latin America. These investments produced strong double-digit sales growth in these regions. Our organization is well-positioned to benefit from the growing investments in infrastructure, industry and personal spending in these regions.
In second quarter 2008, we formed Pentair Residential Filtration, a joint venture with GE Water & Process Technologies. This partnership combines our respective global residential water filtration businesses. Pentair Residential Filtration offers industry-leading technologies and expansive distribution channels to provide reliable and affordable water treatment solutions to meet growing needs. We remain grounded in our commitment to the residential water treatment market and are well positioned when the market rebounds.
 improving every day Pentair Annual Report 2008 4

 Letter to our Shareholders (continued)
Additionally, by divesting two non-core businesses, Spa/Bath and National Pool Tile, we strengthened our portfolio in 2008. We are now in a better position to focus our investments and resources on core businesses going forward.
We also continue to invest in improving our cost structure. Over the past few years, we’ve opened or expanded facilities in India, China, Poland and Mexico to leverage best-cost locations in growing regions. In higher-cost regions, we took action early in 2008 to brace for the economic turmoil and better position our cost structure for the long-term. By the end of 2009, we will have closed 17 facilities when compared to the beginning of 2008. This will enable Pentair to remain competitive as we invest for future growth.
Global Citizenship
At Pentair, we believe being a good global citizen makes good business sense, which is why we created a Citizenship Council. This council will examine and monitor our citizenship practices and policies around the world in governance, environment, health and safety and in employee and community relations. It’s already produced Pentair’s first Global Citizenship Report, which defines our company wide goals and the metrics that will be used to measure our progress against our aspirations. The full document is available at www.pentair.com.
Among the most visible aspects of Pentair’s community support is The Pentair Foundation. Established in 1998 to formalize the company’s tradition of community support, the Foundation is funded through our commitment to dedicate two percent of our annual pre-tax income to charitable efforts.
The Foundation makes tangible our approach to community support, enriching and advancing comm- unities in which we operate so that these areas benefit from Pentair’s presence. Through local councils, the
 Foundation funds programs that promote education, environmental conservation, vocational readiness, self- sufficiency and general well-being. For us, Winning Right — our internal mantra — encompasses supporting the communities in which we operate.
Realistic about our Situation.
Focused to Emerge Stronger.
I am excited about our future. We’re realistic about the circumstances our global businesses face and we’re focused on getting through it even stronger. We continue to improve every day by focusing on our customers, employees and shareholders. Leveraging PIMS, we will build on our solid track record of productivity, will meet and exceed our customers’ high expectations and will deliver solid financial results. Our global business units are poised to more effectively deploy our best resources to our most attractive opportunities in order to seize growth in key markets.
We know the current environment is tough, but we are up for the challenge. The markets we serve — water and technology — are attractive. And the need for our products and solutions continues to grow.
With our realistic and focused determination, we will continue to demonstrate strong leadership in 2009 and beyond.
Sincerely,
Randall J. Hogan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   improving every day Pentair Annual Report 2008 5
