  DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDER,
Throughout the course of Pentair’s fifty year history, we have seen a lot of change, have faced many challenges, and each time, we have emerged a stronger company. Looking back on 2015, we experienced the impact of a significant contraction of capital spending by customers across multiple industries, primarily energy and industrial. While we were not alone in facing the challenges of a global economic slowdown, at the end of the year, we were encouraged with the progress made to respond to those challenges. We believe we are now in a better position to move forward and once again emerge stronger than ever before. Overall, 2015 was a year in which we saw two segments of our business deliver strong performance, one segment stabilize, and we continue to address the economic realities faced by the other segment.
The Water Quality Systems segment was again a consistently high performer, delivering organic growth through our sustainable “EcoSelect” offerings in the pool business, as well as success in expanding the commercial filtration food service business in fast growth regions. Both are important growth initiatives for Pentair.
Flow & Filtration Solutions focused on stabilizing the business in 2015, delivering positive results in the form of margin expansion. The focus for the business now is to move from being a product supplier to a solutions provider, capitalizing on expanding industrial water solutions as well as furthering adoption of our unique membrane technologies.
This past year, Technical Solutions demonstrated its ability to grow globally, particularly with its enclosures business. It also demonstrated leadership in thermal building solutions by penetrat- ing more applications with its heat tracing solutions. In September, the acquisition of ERICO was finalized which expanded our presence in both the commercial and infrastructure sectors creating a broader and stronger offering for customers.
Valves & Controls clearly faced challenges in 2015 and is adjusting the business to counter the current economic environment we continue to face today. In addition to the aggressive actions taken to right size the business and continuing to drive productivity, Valves & Controls’ broad portfolio allows us to focus on capturing growth opportunities. Valves & Controls is an industry leader that we believe is well positioned to emerge even stronger.
OUR STRATEGY HAS DRIVEN LONG TERM VALUE
Over the course of 50 years, Pentair has transformed many times, venturing into new opportunities to drive growth and control its own destiny. One of the more recent transformative highlights was the merger with Tyco International’s Flow Control business, which has created many opportunities for the company and our shareholders. The advantaged structure from the merger has allowed Pentair to continue to invest in other businesses as cash generating capabilities were greatly enhanced. ERICO is a good example of finding complementary businesses that help strengthen the portfolio.
Pentair’s Integrated Management System (PIMS) has long provided the tools to deliver shareholder value around both organic growth and margin expansion. PIMS growth processes provide a set of approaches to ensure we serve customers well and are used across the company globally. Lean Enterprise helps to improve delivery and drive margin expansion by increasing productivity at manufacturing sites and reducing complexity throughout all parts of the business. Another important part of PIMS is the ability to place the right people to create the best opportunities to solve customer challenges. PIMS also has proven to be a powerful acquisition integration toolset as demonstrated by both the Flow Control and ERICO acquisitions.
Pentair has staying power, primarily because of our approach to business, our Win Right values, and our people. While good businesses, good products and a broad vision have contributed to our company’s success, Pentair’s greatest competitive advantage is our people. This creates a strong position for the company, and tremendous opportunity to continue creating sustained shareholder value for the next 50 years.
Thank you for all your support,
EXECUTIVE OFFICER RANDALL J. HOGAN CHAIRMAN & CHIEF
 2016 marks the 40th consecutive year Pentair will have paid an increasing dividend to shareholders.
02 PENTAIR ANNUAL REPORT 2015
 