LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
In 2010, the electricity industry faced the continuing challenges of increased environmental regulation, heightened customer expectations, and the accelerating pace of technological innovation.
Electric utilities must make the investments necessary to meet these challenges while being mindful of the impact on customers during the current climate of economic uncertainty.
We have positioned Pinnacle West and our principal operating subsidiary, Arizona Public Service (APS), to manage these changes in a way that creates long-term shareholder value and achieves a sustainable energy future for Arizona.
Our foundation for success includes:
• Superior operating performance across our business;
• Excellent customer satisfaction and deep community involvement;
• Electricity rates that remain affordable, increasing less than the rate of inflation over the last 20 years;
• A balanced, high-performing generation portfolio;
• The cultivation of an improving regulatory framework;
• Targeted investments in new technologies with the potential to enhance reliability and improve customer satisfaction; and
• Solid financial results and a renewed focus on our core utility business.
125
APS YEARS OF SERVICE IN ARIZONA
Our position also benefits from the continued long-term growth potential of the APS service territory. Although the recession has slowed Arizona’s historically robust growth, the fundamentals that drove that growth have not changed. Our projections suggest that the APS service territory will grow by 750,000 customers through 2030 — an increase of 65 percent.
Even as we reduce spending to reflect slower near-term growth, we expect capital expenditures for 2011-2013 to exceed $3.3 billion, producing compound annual growth in our rate base of six percent.
  02

  AR10
   “Our position benefits from the continued long-term
growth potential of the APS service territory.” Chief Executive Officer
DONALD E. BRANDT
Chairman, President and

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Your company has a four-pronged strategy going forward: maintaining excellence in our operations; investing in a sustainable energy future; cultivating Arizona’s improving regulatory climate; and continuing to strengthen our financial profile.
MAINTAINING EXCELLENCE IN OUR OPERATIONS
To provide our current and future customers with safe, reliable and affordable electric service, we strive for consistently superior operational performance in each aspect of our business.
Safety. We place the highest priority on public and employee safety. APS had its safest year in history in 2010, with the number of work-related employee injuries down 33 percent from the previous year. This positions us in the top-performing quartile of our industry.
System reliability. We exceeded our goals in all principal measures of reliability, highlighted by continued strong performance in the number of outages per customer (less than one per year on average) and average outage duration (84 minutes). Both measures place APS in the top quartile of the industry.
We will continue to invest in cost-effective, smart grid technologies that have the potential to enhance reliability. For example, distribution automation technology installed in 2010 on selected power lines in Flagstaff, Arizona, re-routes power when it senses a fault. This “smart circuit” can reduce the number of customers experiencing an outage, while shortening the duration of the outage for those who are affected.
Customer satisfaction. APS ranked third in the nation among large investor-owned electric utilities in the 2010 J.D. Power and Associates survey of customer satisfaction.
To continue providing our customers with excellent service that meets their rising expectations, we are
33%
SAFETY IMPROVEMENT IN 2010
making disciplined investments in advanced technologies with the potential to provide better information and enhanced control over energy consumption.
APS has installed 600,000 smart meters on customer homes and businesses, with deployment expected to be complete in 2014 for all but the most remote areas of our service territory. We already lead the nation in customer participation in time-of-use rates, promoting off-peak energy use. We will build on this foundation in 2011 with a pilot home energy information program studying the most effective ways to empower customers to manage their electricity usage.
Power generation. Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station ranked first in the nation for power production in 2010. Our fleet of fossil-fueled power plants once again achieved a capacity factor, a common metric of generation output, in the top quartile of our industry.
We took important steps in 2010 to ensure the continued strong performance of our generation fleet. We agreed to
  04

 purchase Southern California Edison’s ownership share in the APS-operated Four Corners Power Plant, located on the Navajo Nation. If the proposal earns the required regulatory approvals and other sale conditions are met, we will install additional environmental controls on the plant’s newer and more efficient units, while shutting down the older, smaller units. Positive results will include a continuing source of affordable energy for APS customers, reduced carbon emissions, and good jobs for the
Navajo Nation.
At Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station, we reached agreement in 2010 with five cities in the Phoenix metro- politan area to secure the cooling water essential to power production for the next 40 years, and completed the installation of new reactor vessel heads for Units 1 and 3.
INVESTING IN A SUSTAINABLE ENERGY FUTURE
The second element of our strategy calls for us to invest in a sustainable energy future for Arizona.
Energy efficiency. In 2010, the Arizona Corporation Commission (ACC) established one of the most aggressive energy efficiency goals in the nation. The policy requires APS to achieve savings equivalent to 22 percent of retail sales by 2020, and provides performance-based incentives when we achieve those savings. When designed properly, energy efficiency programs provide opportunities for customers to reduce their electricity bills, and slow the need for more costly generation alternatives.
Renewable energy. Beyond environmental benefits, investing in renewable energy makes sense for APS customers because it further diversifies our generation mix, mitigating the impact of fluctuations in fuel costs and the risk of potentially costly climate-change legislation. We expect 10 percent of the electricity used by APS customers to come from renewable sources by 2015.
Through our AZ Sun program, we will invest up to $500 million to develop and own 100 megawatts of photovoltaic solar plants. This initiative leverages our expertise in project finance and development, and is off to a tremendous start with five projects announced totaling 83 megawatts.
Our total portfolio of renewable energy now includes 875 megawatts of projects in operation or under development. A particular highlight in 2010 was the start of construction on Solana Generating Station near Gila Bend, Arizona. APS will purchase all of Solana’s 250 megawatts of solar energy. Solana will have the added advantage of energy storage, allowing us to dispatch solar energy to meet demand on cloudy days and in the evening hours.
Transmission. As we produce more generation from renewable sources, which are typically located in remote areas, we must have a dependable and robust transmission system. APS has a 10-year plan to invest $450 million
in the construction of 258 miles of new high-voltage transmission lines in Arizona. In addition to ensuring the
750,000
NEW APS CUSTOMERS BY 2030
AR10
  05

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
overall reliability of the power supply for APS customers, these lines will open up large areas of the state for new renewable energy projects.
10%
APS ELECTRICITY FROM RENEWABLE SOURCES BY 2015
STRENGTHENING OUR FINANCIAL PROFILE
Your company achieved strong financial results in 2010. Pinnacle West earned net income of $350 million, or $3.27 per share, compared with $68 million, or $0.67 per share the previous year. Ongoing earnings were $3.08 per share, which represents an increase of 34 percent from 2009. Furthermore, our share price increased 13.3 percent during the year. When combined with an annual dividend of $2.10, our shareholders earned a total return of 19.5 percent on their investment. This return well exceeded the industry average of 4.4 percent as represented by the S&P 1500 Electric Utilities index, and compared favorably to the 15 percent return of the S&P 500. Significantly, we have achieved consistent results: Pinnacle West’s total return exceeds industry and market averages for the last one-, two-, three- and five-year periods.
Our substantial financial accomplishments have not gone unnoticed by the credit rating agencies. In June, Standard and Poor’s upgraded its outlook on Pinnacle West and APS to “positive” from “stable” and raised our business profile to “excellent” from “strong.”
 CULTIVATING ARIZONA'S IMPROVING REGULATORY CLIMATE
In my letter to you in our 2009 annual report, I discussed the ACC’s approval of a comprehensive settlement of our last rate case. In addition to providing APS with the opportunity to earn an improved return, the settlement is a significant step toward a more constructive regulatory environment in Arizona.
Among many benefits, the 2009 settlement established
a process designed to result in an expedited review of the rate case we intend to file in June 2011, with new rates proposed to take effect in July 2012.
We continue to work in collaboration with the ACC and other stakeholders to create further clarity and stability. In 2010, for example, the ACC set forth new rules for resource planning and energy efficiency, and approved a renewable transmission action plan for APS.
Additionally, the ACC endorsed a revenue-per-customer mechanism for decoupling, which was the method supported by APS and a number of other parties.
This approach removes the economic disincentive often associated with utility energy efficiency programs without eliminating the company’s opportunity to earn revenue through customer growth. We will seek to apply this mechanism in our upcoming rate case.
Voters elected two commissioners to the ACC in 2010, resulting in the subsequent election of a new chairman. We look forward to working with the newly constituted commission toward our shared goals of reliability, customer service and clean energy.
 06

 “Our concentration on cost management will continue as we remain committed to improving our earned return on equity.”
These accomplishments coincided with our continued corporate-wide emphasis on efficiency and cost manage- ment. We achieved more than $30 million in cost savings, reduced the size of our workforce by three percent, and kept operations and maintenance spending essentially flat for the second year in a row. Our concentration on cost management will continue as we remain committed to improving our earned return on equity.
LOOKING TO THE FUTURE
In 2010, we had the pleasure to welcome Dr. Dale Klein to the Pinnacle West Board of Directors. His distinguished background includes service as chairman of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Dr. Klein’s extensive experience in the nuclear industry has made him
a valuable asset to our board and our company.
The year 2011 has significance beyond the opportunities in front of us, because it marks APS’s 125th anniversary. The company began as Phoenix Illuminating Gas and Electric Company in 1886—a quarter-century before Arizona became a state.
Although 125 years of service stands as an impressive accomplishment, in many ways it feels like we have only recently begun our mission. The prospects before us are exciting and demanding. I have great confidence in the strength of our strategies, management team and employ- ees to meet the challenges of this dynamic environment and provide long-term rewards for our shareholders.
Thank you for your support and your interest in Pinnacle West.
DONALD E. BRANDT
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 18, 2011
AR10
 07
