                2
FOLLOW A LEADER
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 CONTENTS WhatDefinesaLeader?
A leader delivers on today’s commitments and plans ahead for a better
5
Getting it Done Every Day
8
Preparing for a Bright Future
11
Working for Sound Energy Policy
13
Looking Back, Looking Ahead
15
Financial Information
future. A leader tackles important issues head on. A leader provides the tools and resources people need and empowers them to do great things. A leader positively impacts lives.
In 2014, Your Company Further Established its Position as a Leader.
Operational performance at our primary subsidiary Arizona Public Service (APS) again ranked among the best in our industry. We produced strong financial returns. We served as an industry model through our determination to address important energy policy issues. We took action on resource planning, cost control and workforce engagement initiatives to ensure a bright future for our customers, shareholders and employees. We devoted our time, resources and skills to improving Arizona’s communities.
These examples of leadership, combined with a strong value proposition and the inherent long-term potential for customer growth in our Arizona operating territory, inspire confidence that your company’s future is bright.
Building on our Financial Strength
Our financial foundation is solid, as reflected by strong earnings, our best-ever credit ratings and a stock price that hit all-time highs in 2014.
Pinnacle West reported net income of $398 million, or $3.58 per share in 2014, compared with $406 million, or $3.66 per share in 2013. Weather-

                PNW 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 3
  Donald E. Brandt Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
normalized, our earnings would have been $3.68 per share in 2014, compared to $3.60 per share in weather-normalized 2013.
Investors took notice. Our outstanding operations and a surging market pushed Pinnacle West stock to all-time highs in 2014. The stock price, which began the year at $52.92, was $68.31 on December 31, 2014 –
a 29.1 percent improvement.
Also notable in 2014, our board of directors approved an increase to our quarterly dividend for the third consecutive year, raising it by 4.85 percent, or 11 cents per common share annually.
Pinnacle West outperformed the S&P 1500 Electric Utility Index and the overall stock market in total shareholder return – which measures stock appreciation and dividends paid. Pinnacle West total shareholder return was 34.5 percent, 60 percent and 133.7 percent for the last one-, three- and five-year periods respectively. All told, our total shareholder value increased $2 billion in 2014 and $5 billion over the last five years.

                4
FOLLOW A LEADER
 550 BILLION
Gallons of effluent treated by Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station’s water reclamation facility and reused for cooling, freeing up enough fresh water supplies to meet the municipal and industrial needs of the entire state for one year
     1.17
.92
2005 2010 2014
OUTAGES PER CUSTOMER
5TH
2014 J.D. Power Residential Customer Satisfaction ranking out of 54 large U.S. investor-owned utilities
.79
 
                PNW 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 5
 SAFE, RELIABLE AND AFFORDABLE ENERGY
IS OUR BUSINESS. WE GENERATE AND DELIVER IT AS WELL AS ANY UTILITY NATIONWIDE.
Getting it Done Every Day
Safe, reliable and affordable energy is our business. We generate and deliver it as well as any utility nationwide.
That effort begins with our robust and diverse generating fleet, the heart of which is the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station. Last year was another banner year for Palo Verde – the nation’s largest power producer of any kind for 23 years running.
In 2014, Palo Verde produced a site record 32.3 million megawatt-
hours of electricity. No other power plant in the United States has ever surpassed 30 million megawatt-hours in a year, and Palo Verde has now done so 10 times, including each of the last six years. In addition, for the second consecutive year, Palo Verde set a site record for planned outage efficiency, completing the spring refueling outage of the plant’s Unit 2 in 28 days.
Our gas fleet continues to excel in startup reliability, reporting
98.1 percent startup success during 2014. An emphasis on regular assessment, maintenance and repair contributes to the high reliability our customers expect and deserve.
APS’s power portfolio also includes 1,200 megawatts of renewable energy – most of which is solar, fueled by Arizona’s abundant sunshine. In the most recent numbers from the Solar Electric Power Association, APS ranked fourth nationally in overall solar capacity, and fifth in solar capacity per customer.
  
                6
FOLLOW A LEADER
  The quality of our operations is reflected in our top-tier reliability and customer satisfaction.
In 2014, APS pioneered a program to bring rooftop solar to residential customers who might not have the up-front cash or strong credit scores required to purchase or lease their own rooftop systems. APS plans to install 10 megawatts of solar panels on roughly 1,500 customer homes. Those customers will receive $30 credits on their monthly bills for use of their rooftops. The program will enable APS, in partnership with the Electric Power Research Institute, to conduct important research on maximizing the efficiency and effectiveness of distributed solar generation.
Our experienced, dedicated line crews are at their best when they are needed the most. That was again the case in 2014. Arizona’s famously hot summers always demand respect and preparation. The summer of 2014 included northern Arizona wildfires that temporarily impacted our system, as well as one of our state’s most violent monsoon seasons on record. The monsoon storms required our crews to quickly and safely replace more than 300 storm-damaged poles to bring the lights and air conditioners back on for affected customers. Despite these challenges, our reliability numbers still ranked in the top quartile nationally.
The quality of our operations is ultimately reflected in the overall satisfaction of our 1.2 million customers. APS ranked fifth out of 54 large U.S. investor-owned utilities in the latest J.D. Power and Associates Residential Customer Satisfaction study. APS also ranked in the top quartile of large investor-owned utilities in J.D. Power’s most recent survey of business customers’ satisfaction.
We are driving a culture of cost management and process improvement through our ongoing Sustainable Cost Management Initiative. The initiative has changed the way we run our business, including organizational alignment, budgeting, business planning, goal setting, knowledge retention and transfer, and more. In addition to instituting standard operating processes throughout our company, the initiative has identified overlapping roles and responsibilities, allowing us to reduce the size of our workforce by 10 percent since 2012. This was done primarily through attrition and retirements. This effort has helped us keep operations and maintenance costs in line with retail sales growth over the last several years.

                 $2B
Pinnacle West’s total shareholder value increased $2 billion in 2014.
$5B
Pinnacle West’s total shareholder value increased $5 billion over the last five years.
 
                8
FOLLOW A LEADER
  Preparing for a Bright Future
The Ocotillo Power Plant’s 1960s-era steam generators will be replaced with modern, efficient, quick-starting units.
 In recent decades, Arizona – primarily the Greater Phoenix area – has been the center of the Southwest’s rapid population growth. From 1988 to 2008, APS added more than a half-million homes and businesses – doubling
our customer base. During that time, APS averaged 3.4 percent annual customer growth – a rate more than three times the national average.
That steady stream of new Arizonans slowed to a trickle following
the severe national economic downturn of the late 2000s. However, encouraging numbers from 2014 indicate Arizona’s economy could soon return to growth patterns that approach historic levels. The past year was Arizona’s best for housing permits since 2007. Vacant housing in
the Phoenix area is the lowest it has been in seven years. Our state’s unemployment rate is the lowest it has been in six years. We are working closely with state and local development agencies to build on this positive momentum by attracting new businesses to Arizona.
We plan ahead to ensure the needs of our future business and residential customers are met with safe, reliable, affordable electricity. In 2014, APS filed a resource plan with the Arizona Corporation Commission (ACC) detailing how we intend to do so. Our resource plan takes a big-picture look at Arizona’s energy future and forecasts how APS will meet our customers’ evolving power needs over the next 15 years. The plan projects a cleaner, more efficient energy mix, with abundant, low-cost natural
gas surpassing coal and nuclear as the energy source of choice.

                PNW 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
9
 52%
Increased electricity consumption by 2029 as projected in the 2014 APS Integrated Resource Plan
9,000,000
Arizona’s expected population in 2029, up from
6.7 million today. Numbers in 2014 for housing permits, housing vacancy rates and the state’s unemployment rate indicate that Arizona’s economy could soon return to growth patterns that approach historic levels.
1.8M customers 1.2M customers
8,124 megawatts
2014 2029*
LOAD REQUIREMENTS
     *Projected. Source: 2014 APS Integrated Resource Plan
12,982 megawatts

                10 FOLLOW A LEADER
 THE PREPARATION YOUR COMPANY HAS DONE AND THE INVESTMENTS WE CONTINUE TO MAKE POSITION US FOR SUSTAINABLE SUCCESS IN THIS CHANGING WORLD.
  
                PNW 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
11
 The philosophy behind this plan quickly became tangible through
a new generation project announced in 2014. For decades, the Ocotillo Power Plant in Tempe has been one of the critical reliability resources in APS’s generation fleet. In 2014, the ACC approved the Certificate of Environmental Compatibility for an extensive modernization project. The modernization will replace Ocotillo’s 1960s-era steam generators with efficient, quick-starting natural gas-powered combustion turbines. The project will reduce the height of the towers, reduce noise, use
fuel and water more efficiently and, most importantly, reduce emissions. To ensure we consider all options, APS has issued a request for proposals (RFP) for added capacity, which could be filled in the form
of power purchase agreements or other asset purchase agreements,
or the construction of additional generation at Ocotillo. Depending
on the outcome of the RFP, the plant’s capacity could increase from
330 megawatts to 620 megawatts and our total investment in the modernization project could reach $700 million.
The past year was also notable because we announced a new business entity under the Pinnacle West umbrella. Bright Canyon Energy Corporation was formed to pursue new growth opportunities in areas close to our core business. We began with a combined effort to develop regional transmission with Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary BHE U.S. Transmission. The joint venture, named TransCanyon, has been several years in the planning, and will leverage our experience and expertise in developing, siting, constructing and owning transmission projects with a particular focus on opportunities in the West. In November, TransCanyon submitted its first competitive proposal, bidding to develop, construct and own the 500-kilovolt Delaney to Colorado River transmission line
to be located between Phoenix and Los Angeles. We expect a decision from the California Independent System Operator this summer.
Working for Sound Energy Policy
In 2013, APS and the ACC stepped to the forefront of an emerging policy issue: how to ensure utility rate design keeps pace with the modernization of the electricity grid and the changing ways customers are using electricity. The most urgent aspect of this issue was to determine how customers with rooftop solar panels on their homes should be compensated for the energy they generate, while ensuring
$68.31
Year-end stock price
$3.58
Earnings per share in 2014
$7.55B
Year-end market capitalization

                12
FOLLOW A LEADER
  APS employees volunteered
147,000 H O U R S
in 2014, which equates to more than
$3.3M
in service
to the community.
those customers also pay their fair share to maintain the electric grid. Recognizing these grid-related expenses were increasingly shifting
to non-solar customers, the Commission took a small but important initial step by adding a monthly $0.70 per kilowatt (roughly $5 per month on average) charge on the bills of new rooftop solar customers.
The 2013 decision has since served as a catalyst for other states to begin addressing the issue. The decision was also a solid example of Arizona’s constructive regulatory environment and the ACC’s thorough understanding of energy policy issues.
We expect the solar compensation issue will be revisited by the ACC again in 2015. We look forward to working with the Commission and key stakeholders toward a sustainable solution that preserves rooftop solar energy’s important place in Arizona’s energy future, while acknowledging the long-term value and 24/7 necessity of the electric grid.
Although our neighboring utility, Salt River Project, recently took action by approving a new rate for rooftop solar customers that more appropriately reflects the cost to serve those customers, it is important to understand that this is not just an Arizona issue. Many states are changing retail rate designs to address changes in how customers use electricity. As rooftop solar continues to increase around the U.S., these changes in rate design are necessary to make this emerging technology sustainable.
Ultimately, our industry needs to tackle the broader problem of modernizing how electric utilities price their services. By tackling

                PNW 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
13
  this issue, we can ensure electric rates represent a truer reflection
of fixed grid-related costs, while incorporating greater rate flexibility, enabling technological innovations that improve reliability and the customer experience, and maintaining affordability and transparency for all customers.
Looking Back, Looking Ahead
Two of the most memorable and meaningful moments of my career occurred in 2014.
The first took place in February 2014, when APS announced a $1 million gift to preserve and maintain more than 350 miles of trails at the Grand Canyon. Knowing this company is positively impacting the long-term health and usability of one of the true natural wonders of the world is
a source of pride for anyone who works or has worked for APS.
APS’s $1 million donation established the Grand Canyon Trails Forever Endowment, which will help maintain the Bright Angel Trail and others.

                14 FOLLOW A LEADER
 Presenting the gift was a once-in-a-career experience, and represents another exciting chapter in APS’s 129-year legacy of serving and supporting our home state of Arizona.
The second moment happened in September, when a team of APS employees and I traveled to Washington, D.C., to accept the Freedom Award at the Pentagon. The Freedom Award – presented annually by the Secretary of Defense – is the nation’s highest recognition given to employers for exceptional support of National Guard and Reserve employees. APS was one of 15 employers honored with the award, and the only electric utility. We have long valued employees with military backgrounds, finding they offer hard-earned experience, unique organizational skills and tested leadership abilities. One in five APS employees has served on active duty or is a current member of the Guard or Reserves, and it was with great pride and appreciation that we accepted and brought home this award.
Technological advancements, political issues and evolving customer expectations will continue to dominate headlines about the energy business. The preparation your company has done and the investments we continue to make position us for sustainable success in this changing world. Yet even as industry dynamics change, personal relationships remain vital to a bright long-term future.
Your company will continue responding to the needs of our customers, working constructively with our regulators, developing and supporting our outstanding workforce, and improving the communities we serve.
Put simply, we will continue to lead the way. Thank you for your investment.
Donald E. Brandt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Saying Goodbye to a Friend and Trusted Colleague
The Pinnacle West board of directors lost a valued leader and a dear friend when Susan Clark-Johnson passed away on January 28, 2015. Sue enjoyed
a remarkable 40-year career in journalism that included stints as publisher of the Arizona Republic and president of Gannett’s newspaper division. She was also an active steward in our local communities. Her participation on non-profit boards and civic initiatives earned her many honors including lifetime achievement awards from the National Association of Female Executives and the National Association of Minority Media Executives. She joined the Pinnacle West board in 2008, and brought a sharp mind
and a savvy business sense to our company. Sue was always proud to be associated with our business and our employees.
  