                TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
In 2011 the employees of Arizona Public Service achieved new bests for electric reliability, customer satisfaction, power generation and workplace safety.
In 2012 they did it again.
Despite a hot Arizona summer – there really isn’t any other kind – APS had the fewest outages (0.77 per customer) in the company’s history. We are among the best in the nation at providing customers with reliable electric service.
APS ranked third nationally among 55 large investor-owned utilities in the 2012 J.D. Power and Associates survey of residential customer satisfaction, up from fourth last year. In a separate survey by Market Strategies International, 94 percent of our large business customers expressed satisfaction with APS, with 68 percent indicating they were very satisfied.
Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station, the nation’s largest nuclear power plant, produced 31.9 million megawatt-hours of clean, low-cost power in 2012, the most ever by a U.S. power plant. Contributing to this performance was the remarkable run of Palo Verde’s Unit 2, which set a site record of 518 days of continuous operation before coming off-line for a planned refueling.
The largest single year of growth for our solar portfolio brought us to 1,090 megawatts of renewable capacity in operation or under construction, and keeps us on track to achieve Arizona’s renewable energy standard of 15 percent by 2025. Our fossil-fueled generating plants achieved operating performance
well above our 2012 targets.
We completed the renovation of our energy operations center, which combines state-of-the-art technology with environmental features that earned the building LEED Silver certification – part of a commitment that has put us on the Dow Jones North America Sustainability Index in all eight years of its existence.
MOMENTUM 2012 ANNUAL REPORT

                 DONALD E. BRANDT
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 Our total shareholder return of 10.3 percent greatly exceeded the industry average of 0.1 percent as measured by the S&P 1500 Electric Utility Index.
P. 2 / 3

                APS employees worked hard to accomplish these results, while also working safely. We recorded a fifth consecutive year of company-best workplace safety, moving us to the cusp of the top 10 percent in our industry.
Consistently superior operating performance contributed to another year of solid financial results and shareholder value creation. Our company recorded net income of $381.5 million, or $3.45 per share, compared with net income of $339.5 million, or $3.09 per share, in 2011. Ongoing earnings were $3.50 per share, up 17 percent from last year.
Our total shareholder return of 10.3 percent trailed the 15.9 percent return of the S&P 500 Index, but greatly exceeded the industry average of 0.1 percent as measured by the S&P 1500 Electric Utility Index. Over the last five years, our return of 57.8 percent significantly outpaced that of the broader market
(8.5 percent) and our industry (which declined 1.1 percent over the period).
Pinnacle West’s shareholder value increased almost $600 million in 2012 and more than $3.2 billion over the past four years.
POSITIVE RATE CASE OUTCOME
As we moved into 2012, our most important goal was to secure a constructive outcome in our retail rate case. We succeeded. Through a collaborative process with nearly two dozen stakeholder groups, we reached a four-year agreement that was approved on schedule by the Arizona Corporation Commission.
Our customers received significant benefits. With the exception of a potential increase related to plans for our Four Corners Power Plant, and barring any extraordinary events, base rates will remain frozen until at least July 1, 2016.
At the same time, the agreement gives APS the opportunity to earn a competitive financial return when we serve customers well and manage costs. Annual adjustment mechanisms enable timely recovery of our investments and ACC-mandated program costs – with the added benefit of making rate changes more gradual for customers. Other provisions mitigate the effects of certain cost increases until the next potential rate case.
The process that produced the agreement earned praise for its inclusiveness and transparency. The outcome provided further evidence of Arizona’s increasingly stable and constructive regulatory climate.
P. 4 / 5

                  As we moved into 2012, our most important goal was to secure a constructive outcome in our retail rate case. We succeeded.
STRONG FINANCIAL PROFILE
With the rate case concluded and the accompanying uncertainty removed, we were able to achieve other long-held goals.
In October, we improved the cash component of our return to shareholders by increasing our annual dividend $0.08 per share to $2.18. We will take a conservative approach, but our goal is to deliver dividend growth of approximately 4 percent annually.
In November, Standard & Poor’s upgraded key APS and Pinnacle West credit ratings for the second time in two years. S&P was the last of the three major rating agencies to award us a BBB+ rating or its equivalent, giving us greater financial flexibility and access to capital markets.
Another major objective for 2012 was to complete a multi-year effort to streamline our business.
We accomplished that goal when we exited the last of our major unregulated businesses. We are now tightly focused on what we do best: run a very good, growing electric utility.
Efficiency initiatives within several APS business units have helped keep operating and maintenance costs in line with sales growth for five consecutive years. We built on those successes in 2012 with a corporate initiative to look across our company for additional opportunities to work more effectively. We named
it the Sustainable Cost Management Initiative to underscore that we are working from a position of financial strength and will not make short-term cuts at the expense of safety, operating performance
or the long-term health of our business.
The initiative comprises a series of coordinated projects that are adding rigor to our business planning, improving collaboration among front-line business units and the corporate resources that support them, benchmarking our performance against the best in our industry, and using process improvements to create opportunities for natural attrition through retirements. I look forward to sharing our progress
in future reports.
MOMENTUM 2012 ANNUAL REPORT

                 We entered 2013 with considerable momentum at our backs, but only a commitment to continuous improvement will sustain our performance for the long term.
AN OPTIMISTIC OUTLOOK ON GROWTH
Arizona was hit hard by the economic downturn at the end of the last decade, but in 2012 we saw signs of recovery. Housing permits for the metropolitan Phoenix market, for example, were up 60 percent from the previous year. Home vacancies were down about 15 percent.
We expect annual customer growth of 2 percent on average through 2015, and remain confident long- term customer growth in the APS service territory will outpace U.S. population growth. Our planning forecasts project 2.7 percent annual customer growth through 2030, which would add nearly 700,000 new customers to the APS system.
Serving this growing customer population will require substantial continued investment in the electricity grid, which is estimated to grow the APS rate base by 6 percent on average through 2015.
BALANCED PORTFOLIO
In each of my last two letters, I provided updates on our plan to purchase Southern California Edison’s share of the APS-operated Four Corners Power Plant, invest in new environmental controls for the
two most modern units and retire the three older units. Our plan would preserve a source of affordable energy for our customers, protect jobs for the Navajo Nation and reduce emissions.
In 2012 the transaction gained regulatory approval from the ACC, the California Public Utilities Commission and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. We also made significant progress toward a new supply agreement for coal from the nearby Navajo Mine. We plan to close on the acquisition in 2013.
MOMENTUM 2012 ANNUAL REPORT

                We are investing in utility-scale solar power through our AZ Sun program. Two new projects totaling 24 megawatts began operation in 2012. In addition, more customers took advantage of incentives for rooftop solar in 2012 than in the past two years combined. This growth occurred despite steadily declining incentive levels, demonstrating the continued maturation of the market in Arizona.
Our portfolio of power purchase agreements for solar energy will take a leap forward later this year when the Solana Generating Station begins operation, becoming the largest solar plant in the United States. APS will purchase the entire 250-megawatt output of the plant, which uses concentrated solar thermal technology to produce power.
BUILDING ON MOMENTUM
We entered 2013 with considerable momentum at our backs, but only a commitment to continuous improvement will sustain our performance for the long term. I am confident our seasoned management team and talented employees are up to the challenge.
Our employees are nearly as well known throughout the state for their community service, philanthropy and good citizenship as they are for providing reliable power. It speaks to the special nature of our role as the Arizona Public Service Company. We have been providing power for 25 years longer than Arizona has been a state, making us one of the oldest local businesses around. We embrace that our future is Arizona’s future.
This is all part of doing business the right way – for customers, the communities we serve, the environment, and for you, our owners.
Thank you for your interest and investment in Pinnacle West.
DONALD E. BRANDT
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2013
 P. 6 / 7
