                TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Your company is poised for a tremendous future.
In 2006, our people met Arizona’s rapid growth, improved electric reliability, provided superior service to our customers and continued to power our state’s modern economy. Today, we continue to work hard to provide ample power for Arizona’s future and ensure that future contains a robust economy, a healthy environ- ment and strong local communities.
There is nowhere we’d rather do business.
Our major subsidiary, APS, is a vertically integrated electric company building a sustainable, hybrid regu- latory platform. It’s a hybrid structure because, while regulated, we participate in the Western regional competitive wholesale market. The West, although dominated by California, exhibits huge diversity in geography, energy demand and resources, and regula- tory structures. Unlike the eastern states, which often have close–knit transmission systems, the West is less “networked” among power plants, customers and other utilities.
Therefore, we rely mostly on our own generation, but we also make use of load diversity between the Northwest and Southwest, as well as other wholesale opportunities. We plan and operate our transmission system to provide cost–effective, reliable service to our customers. We use long–term contracts and fuel and purchased power hedging to stabilize our customers’ fuel prices.
Customer value is always the key. Providing reliable power at reasonable prices, whether from our own generation or from competitive wholesale markets, is a goal that will continue to drive us. We focus on value for the long-term; realizing intelligent investments today will make our company and our state stronger for decades to come.
Our Role in Arizona
We’ve served Arizona continuously since 1886 — a quarter–century before it became a state — and since then we’ve played a prominent role in shaping the state’s energy and its economy.
This is a responsibility we relish. We understand this region, its people, its environment and its challenges, and feel fortunate in our role of powering its growth. We are investing today to ensure our enviable Arizona lifestyle only gets better.
Planning for the future — to meet future load growth — is always challenging. Arizona is the fastest growing state in the country, and Phoenix is already the nation’s fifth largest city. Throughout the United States, electric utilities are entering a prolonged period of infrastruc- ture expansion. Perhaps nowhere is the need to expand more tangible than here in Arizona. For this reason, growth drives our strategies.
Over the next 10 years we plan to invest nearly $15 bil- lion in electric infrastructure for Arizona. Many of the “bright ideas” we adopt today, and many decisions we will make in the next few years, will determine the kind of company we will be into the middle of this century.
We will increasingly employ new technology to meet the highest standards of reliability, while working hard to minimize our impact on the environment. At the same time, we will continue our focus on improving our local communities—providing resources where and when we can make a positive difference.
 STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES
PROVIDE ARIZONA ELECTRICITY CUSTOMERS WITH OUTSTANDING SERVICE AND RELIABLE ENERGY AT FAIR PRICES.
FOCUS ON SUPERIOR LONG–TERM TOTAL RETURNS FOR SHAREHOLDERS.
IMPLEMENT BUSINESS PRACTICES THAT SUPPORT A STRONG ECONOMY, A HEALTHY ENVIRONMENT AND PROSPEROUS COMMUNITIES FOR ARIZONA.
ACTIVELY MANAGE OUR COSTS AND BUSINESS RISKS.
WORK WITH REGULATORS TO ACHIEVE POSITIVE REGULATORY OUTCOMES THAT BENEFIT BOTH CUSTOMERS AND SHAREHOLDERS.
MAXIMIZE THE LONG–TERM VALUE OF OUR ASSETS.
CAPTURE GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES IN OUR ELECTRICITY MARKETS.
INCREASE OUR RESOURCE PORTFOLIO CONSISTENT WITH OUR CUSTOMER GROWTH, ENVIRONMENTAL FACTORS, CASH FLOW AND MARKET CONDITIONS.
PNW SHAREHOLDER LETTER 3
www.global-reports.com

                 WILLIAM J. POST, CHAIRMAN AND CEO
Despite uncertainties and often conflicting state and federal regulatory actions, we’ve managed to meet Arizona’s remarkable growth.
Our Competitive Advantages
Compared to 10, or even five years ago, we’re a stronger company. We are better positioned to serve customers, protect our environment and increase our value to shareholders. We’re more productive, our product is more reliable and our future is more sustainable.
Thanks to our cost–control efforts, since 1992 our customers experienced an unprecedented period of electric price stability, with rates falling through 2003 while the Consumer Price Index climbed more than 40 percent. Even with our recent price increases, our customers paid about the same for power last year as in 1992. During that same time period, gasoline prices doubled and median home prices in Arizona tripled.
In every area except fuel, we’ve held the line on, or reduced, unit costs. Compared with a decade ago, our non–fuel costs are 4 percent lower in nominal terms. Through our hedging program, we’ve greatly reduced the volatility of our fuel costs and in five years our hedging saved customers more than $200 million.
In 2006, our customers experienced outstanding reliability, and our coal units achieved record capacity factors. In an independent survey by J.D. Power & Associates, APS ranked number one with business cus- tomers and number two with residential customers among all investor–owned electric utilities in the West.
Technology has played a large role in higher productivity and helped improve customer satisfaction. Technology also provides greater convenience for customers. For example, year–over–year at aps.com we had 14 percent more new customer account sign-ups and 41 percent more customer transactions.
Though we are working through issues at our Palo Verde nuclear plant, which I’ll address more in the next section, our generation performance continues to be strong. In 2006, our coal units performed 15 percentage points better than the 2005 national average (the 2006 national average was not available at press time) achieving a combined capacity factor of 87 percent. On the natural gas side, our newest combined cycle units —Redhawk 1 and 2 and West Phoenix 4 and 5—also made a strong contribution, producing about a quarter of our total generation for 2006.
After obtaining our first rate increase in 14 years in 2005, APS successfully tested a key component of our regulatory platform last year when we received several fuel–related increases totaling 14 percent. The Arizona Corporation Commission (ACC) not only responded to our need for emergency relief; they also improved the fuel adjustment process. This provided a much–needed boost to cash flow and will expedite future recovery of fuel–related costs.
Our Major Challenges
Despite uncertainties and often conflicting state and federal regulatory actions, we’ve managed to meet Arizona’s remarkable growth. In the last five years, that growth spurred us to work even more efficiently — using better technology and new techniques to serve 180,000 additional customers with 40 new substations and 4,100 new miles of transmission and distribution wire — and little change in the number of employees.
Over the same five–year time frame, our peak elec- tricity load jumped from 5,687 megawatts to 7,652 megawatts, a 35 percent increase. To serve that increased demand, we’ve added more than 2,000 megawatts of capacity in the last five years.
 4 PNW ANNUAL REPORT 06
www.global-reports.com

                We’re also meeting environmental challenges. While we’ve long been a leader in this area, 2006 marked great progress. We brought on line the Saguaro Solar Trough Power Plant, which quickly earned a spot among the top 12 power plants in the world according to Power Magazine. Also, just before the end of the year, we added our first wind–powered plant. All told, we expanded our renewable generation capacity by more than 100 megawatts, an important step in our efforts to positively impact our environment and sur- pass regulatory requirements.
Early in 2007, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. Department of Energy named APS an “Energy Star” Partner of the Year for contributions in reducing greenhouse gas emissions by promoting energy–efficient compact fluorescent lightbulbs to our customers. The two million bulbs sold in little more than a year will save customers a combined $50 mil- lion in energy costs and reduce greenhouse emissions by 450,000 tons (roughly the equivalent of eliminating 800 million miles of driving) over the lives of the bulbs. This is just one of many energy saving tips and pro- grams we offer to all levels of customers.
Completing our hybrid regulatory platform presents an ongoing challenge. Our current rate case before the ACC is nearing a conclusion as this report goes to press. We feel strongly that the requested 20.4 percent price increase is crucial to our company, our cus- tomers and our shareholders, with roughly two–thirds of this request going to pay our rising fuel bills.
With the rapid rise in all energy prices in the last few years, we’re focused on the risk of volatile fuel prices. We will continue to manage both the volatility and cost of our fuel with prudent hedging. We are hedged today for 85 percent of our natural gas and purchased power needs for 2007 with prices below current for- ward market prices. We’re also hedged for 60 percent of 2008 and 40 percent of 2009 projected needs.
Related to fuel risk, the regional market risk must also be closely managed. Higher natural gas prices combined with lower spark spreads (the difference between the price of electricity and the cost of fuel to generate that electricity) may continue for a while, but we’re managing the situation to our customers’ and shareholders’ benefit. Also, California’s new “nodal” market structure is scheduled to begin in late 2007. With memories of the previous California energy debacle,
we’ll be watching closely to see how this new structure performs, looking as always to protect our customers.
We will continue to reduce our exposure to both fuel price risk and regional market risk—first with a diverse mix of generation sources, and second with outstanding operations. With substantial amounts of nuclear, coal and natural gas capacity, we’re hedged against the risks related to any one fuel. For example, while natural gas prices remained high last year, our Cholla and Four Corners power plants set coal produc- tion records, and in combination with our other fossil plants, reduced our total power costs by $42 million over normally expected levels of performance.
Our nuclear plant has recently not met our standard for excellent performance. After more than a decade of world–class operations, the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station had an unacceptable dip in perfor- mance. To correct this situation, we recruited one of the nation’s top nuclear executives, Randy Edington. We have developed a plan to return the plant to excel- lence, and we are working closely with the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission to monitor and adjust the plan as needed to assure steady progress.
With nuclear power on the verge of a revival, we under- stand the economic and environmental importance of this huge facility to the energy future of Arizona and the Southwest as a whole. We will accept nothing less than Palo Verde returning to its place as the premier nuclear operating facility in the United States.
Our Dedication to Shareholders
Investors can look back at our performance with sat- isfaction. Over the five years ended in 2006, total return with dividends reinvested amounted to 52 per- cent. One of our primary financial strategies has been to provide steady dividend increases, which we have done now for 13 years. In the last five years alone, the indicated annual dividend per share has increased by 31 percent, from $1.60 to $2.10. We’re convinced that our strong dividend growth has strengthened our
With the rapid rise in all energy prices in the last few years, we’re focused on the risk of volatile fuel prices.
PNW SHAREHOLDER LETTER 5
 www.global-reports.com

                stock price and paved the way to a solid reception for our stock offerings. Our future dividend growth will depend upon a number of factors, including payout ratios, cash flow and market trends.
In 2006, in part because of strong utility sector and stock market gains, Pinnacle West shareholders also fared well—with stock appreciation of 22.6 percent and total return of 28.4 percent.
Over the last five years, consolidated revenues have grown by 30 percent, from $2.6 billion to $3.4 billion. Supported by Arizona’s strong economy, our APS resi- dential revenue increased by 39 percent and business revenue by 30 percent since 2001.
Our regulators have worked with us to establish a forward–looking orientation in our hybrid regulatory structure, and we’ve made considerable progress. We concluded an unprecedented string of rate decreases, negotiated a fuel cost adjustor, established a new resource acquisition process, reestablished a regula- tory market structure and implemented our first base rate increase since the early 1990s. We’re getting close to the sustainable regulatory platform which will accom- modate the financial flexibility we require to meet the challenges of growth.
The future for investors looks very promising. Core business gains in 2006 bode well for the future, but we must achieve returns that our growth implies and requires. In the past, our investment in generation resources has been examined after the fact by Arizona regulators, with varying results. But with our new regu- latory platform, regulators are involved in resource acquisition from the very earliest stages. This process will help reduce regulatory risk, especially in the years ahead as we contemplate new base load generation.
Our real estate subsidiary, SunCor, turned in an out- standing performance over the last several years. With record net income of $60.5 million in 2006, SunCor capped a five–year period during which it provided critical cash flow by contributing more than $266 million of cash to Pinnacle West. With the resi-
dential housing market slowing in the West, SunCor’s results in 2007 won’t match the results in recent years. Still, we are well positioned to benefit from continuing growth in Arizona and the West.
Our Commitment to Ongoing Excellence
Through all the challenges...through all the planning... through all our day–to–day efforts, our commitments as a company are crystal clear:
• For shareholders, we are committed to managing the risks of our business and providing a solid return on investment.
• For customers, we will continue to focus on providing reliable top–tier service at fair prices, achieving high levels of operating performance, improving our efficiency and innovation, and creating a future that is environmentally sustainable.
• For employees, we’re dedicated to providing a safe working environment, the resources and support needed for exceptional performance, opportunities for growth and advancement, and the chance to build a better, stronger and more sustainable electric com- pany for the 21st century.
Though our customer base and our business will continue to evolve, these commitments will remain.
WILLIAM J. POST, CHAIRMAN AND CEO
 6 PNW ANNUAL REPORT 06
www.global-reports.com
