 ANNUAL REPORT 2016
  A LETTER TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS
from Robert M. Patterson Chairman, President and CEO
2016 was another of year of accomplishments for PolyOne. I’m pleased
to report we delivered our 7th consecutive
year of adjusted EPS growth, despite a number of macro-economic challenges. And while this is the headline result, we achieved many supporting successes and milestones, as highlighted
throughout
this letter.
Just some of our many achievements include:
• With our 0.74 incidence rate, our safety performance remained world class for
our industry
• We increased our full-year adjusted EPS 9% to an all-time record of $2.13
• Service remained at the forefront of our daily interface and commitment to customers, and for the second year in a row, we invested heavily in our commercial resources, increasing the number of sales, marketing and technology associates by 12% since 2015
• Our solutions portfolio in colorants, additives, elastomers and composites continued to expand through several specialty acquisitions and their integration
• PolyOne’s exceptional team of global associates became even stronger as we invested in our people
We certainly faced many challenges in 2016 as well. These included headwinds from hydrocarbon based raw material deflation that reduced revenue by nearly $150 million and compressed margins, primarily within our PolyOne Distribution (POD) and Performance Products and Solutions (PP&S) segments. Certain end markets, such as oil and gas, agricultural and heavy truck declined significantly. And while these do not represent our largest end markets, they impacted total sales by about 1% as we serve these areas with some of our most specialty products, such as composites and fluoropolymer colorants. Finally, the former Spartech businesses continued to experience integration challenges with our Designed Structures and Solutions (DSS) segment, falling just short of break-even in 2016.
In the face of such adversity, I am proud of our team for staying the course and looking beyond the near term to ensure we stayed true to our strategy, made the right choices, and put our customers first—with the goal of delivering long-term growth and value, for them and for our shareholders.
All companies talk about strategy. All companies talk about execution. While these things matter, I want to talk about culture. Workplace cultures can’t be manufactured, bought or dictated by management. Cultures are instead a reflection of the values, dreams and efforts of the employees who serve a company’s mission.
In a year with little to no macroeconomic momentum to help drive growth, it would have been easy to sacrifice our long-term prospects for short-term rewards. But we didn’t do that. We invested with confidence. We served our customers with excellence in 2016, invested in strategic initiatives and continued to build a world- class sustainable organization at PolyOne.
It begins with inspirational leadership from our team.
Now in their fourth year, our keystone internal training programs—NextGen and PolyMasters—are developing “tomorrow’s leaders today” in preparation to effectively lead with inspiration. They are now robust and global endeavors, with a combined 190 associates having participated from 18 countries. One of the personal highlights of my year is engaging with these associates and helping them to become better leaders.
We’ve also broadened our external recruiting efforts to better identify, attract
and retain the best and brightest who will make a difference for our customers and our company. Perhaps most telling is with our campus recruiting and an increased emphasis on career opportunities for veterans. In 2007, we did not have a formalized effort to recruit or hire new associates who were graduating college students. Sounds hard to believe, I know.
Today, we recruit at more than 30 leading universities around the world and hire approximately 60 new graduates each year as full-time, co-ops or interns. We have also launched 7 highly coveted leadership development programs—from marketing to operational excellence to finance to IT—where newly hired associates rotate through various departments and jobs for up to two years, contributing their skills while also building diverse, well-rounded knowledge of our company and many stakeholders. We also support and invest in the skills of our existing associates because we believe that career-long learning and continual improvement is crucial to our culture and our core values of Collaboration, Innovation and Excellence. These three values, when demonstrated consistently, define who we strive to be and allow us to execute our proven strategy that continues to deliver shareholder value.
    3
 
COLLABORATION
One of the key reasons for our company’s transformation since
2006 has been our exceptional ability to listen and understand our customers’ business needs—then collaborate to deliver solutions that enable their success. As we’ve since evolved as a specialty company, we have learned that our customers value PolyOne well beyond our leading portfolio of polymer materials. They also benefit from the comprehensive approach we use to deliver them. In essence, it’s these complementary services—and our “customer first” approach—that sets us apart. Service is PolyOne’s timeless differentiator.
Service, like polymer science, takes commitment, investment and an impassioned team to deliver it. In 2016 we increased our commercial resources by 6%—adding to the 6% investment we made during
2015. These associates led to an almost immediate impact in POD
and PP&S, where sales cycles are often the shortest within the company. Consistent with the culture we’re building, we provide new hires technical and practical training that enables their success in
the marketplace. It’s a similar development journey that our longer- tenured sellers have benefitted from in the past. Today, experienced commercial and marketing leaders from across our different businesses form regional, unified teams to visit customers—it’s our “One PolyOne” approach, and it’s another unique way that we provide differentiated value to our customers.
These high, wide and deep relationships with our customers put us in position to help in their earliest stages of design and innovation. In fact, approximately 80% of our Vitality Index—which measures our percent of revenue generated from technologies developed in the last five years—results from direct collaboration with our customers.
INNOVATION
Collaboration and innovation go hand-in-hand, and we live these values among our PolyOne team, just as we do externally with customers.
This year, we hosted our first Global Innovation Summit, bringing together more than 120 of our scientists and others in R&D for collaborating, sharing solutions and approaches and establishing new programs aimed to accelerate innovation—and in doing so, PolyOne’s growth. Innovation is the lifeblood of growth, and our 2016 Vitality Index of 42% provides confidence that our innovation engine remains strong as we prepare for the future.
But not all innovation has to be developed internally.
With four specialty acquisitions in 2016 (and an additional one in January 2017), we continue to build our growing portfolio of solutions with complementary and next-generation technologies. We purchased assets from Kraton’s thermoplastic elastomer business to augment
our leading GLS offerings and expertise. Within Color, Additives and Inks (CAI), we purchased Germany-based Comptek, a producer of colorants, additives and formulations for products that utilize high- temperature, highly engineered thermoplastics. In a strategic move that immediately positioned PolyOne as a leader in the high-strength, lightweight material space of composites, we acquired Gordon Composites and Polystrand. This allowed us to establish the PolyOne Advanced Composites platform, from which we deliver on the demanding performance needs of high-profile, innovative products— from Corvettes to crossbows, and ballistic panels to prosthetics.
We were proud to welcome these new businesses and associates to our team, a global collection of talented innovators who every day work to develop unique formulations for our customers.
EXCELLENCE
There is no greater responsibility we have than the safety of our associates, communities and customers. Safety is paramount and
leads our approach to operational excellence. In 2016 we achieved an injury incident rate of 0.74, despite accounting for several acquired companies who had higher rates than our legacy PolyOne businesses, which have been operating with our high standards and disciplined processes. Still, our rate remains nearly six times better than the Plastics and Rubber Manufacturing Industry average of 4.3. As we integrate these new additions, we are also continuing to improve our overall Environmental, Health, Safety and Security performance, having recently begun to manage to heightened standards of the American Chemistry Council’s renowned Responsible Care® program.
Our facility investments were numerous last year, as we progressed with the installation of RoyaliteTM and PETG sheet lines at our DSS facility in Greenville, Ohio—important infrastructure to improving
the business overall. Additionally, we transformed our North Haven, Connecticut facility to white room standards, and it has become a showplace for our healthcare customers who manufacture medical tubing, catheters and other devices. We also have made important investments in our CAI facilities in Massillon and Norwalk, Ohio, and added a new Specialty Engineered Materials (SEM) production line
in Avon Lake, Ohio. Strategic capital deployment took place at many facilities last year, and we will continue to do so in the future. It’s part of PolyOne’s belief that—just like our people—our facilities require world- class and modern capability in our quest for continual improvement.
When we demonstrate excellence, it ultimately develops and delivers our unparalleled service levels. So last year, we continued to leverage these unique offerings with our customers. With our LSS Customer First initiative, we temporarily deployed associates who utilize expertise in Lean Six Sigma to improve PolyOne, to also help our customers improve their internal processes, such as supply chain, finance and operations. We also invested in our IQ Design Labs, a PolyOne service offering powered by highly experienced industrial designers and project engineers who help our customers design, innovate and accelerate their product development.
These are just some of the many ways PolyOne delivers excellence to our customers, and we will continue to invest in service—to bolster our unique capabilities that can differentiate us and our customers wherever we do business.
CLOSING THOUGHTS AND THE YEAR AHEAD
Upon reflection of 2016, I view it as both a year where we delivered growth in a challenging environment, and equally as important, made investments and decisions that will enable our longer-term goals. Our 2020 Platinum Vision targets are in focus and achievable, and we view each year’s performance as an incremental step toward them.
We continue to emphasize our culture’s development as a crucial component to our success, while we work to become one of the top workplaces in the world. Our people are our future. The management team’s experience and dedication sets the tone and the strategy
that we execute. And our exceptional Board of Directors provides governance and insightful input through their perspectives and accomplished professional backgrounds. It was a true honor to have been elected Chairman of the Board this past year, succeeding Steve Newlin, a visionary leader who had mentored and prepared me for this role.
In closing, I am proud of what we have accomplished and the momentum we are building to drive an even brighter future. The management team and I remain fully dedicated to the success of our customers, our associates and our shareholders each and every day. It is an honor to serve our many stakeholders, and I thank you for your ongoing support and confidence as we continue our mission.
Robert M. Patterson
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 2017
4
