  Annual Report 2014
A Letter
ToOur
Shareholders
from Robert M. Patterson, President and CEO
2014 was another remarkable year in PolyOne’s ongoing transformation into a specialty growth company.
    3 3
 It was a year that showcased how our exceptional ability to execute PolyOne’s proven strategy continues to deliver value for our customers, shareholders and associates. It was a year of an important leadership transition, as I had the privilege of succeeding Steve Newlin, the architect of PolyOne’s transformation and my mentor, to become president and CEO of this great company. And most importantly, it was a year in which we built upon our previous momentum:
• The fourth quarter of 2014 marked our 21st consecutive quarter of strong double-digit adjusted EPS growth
• Adjusted EPS for the full year was $1.80, an all-time record, representing a 37 percent increase over 2013
• We have delivered a 40 percent adjusted EPS CAGR since our transformation began in 2006
• Since 2009, our Total Shareholder Return of 430 percent is more than double that of the S&P Mid Cap Chemicals index
Upon becoming the CEO in May, I committed that certain aspects of our company would not change—our culture and values, our performance targets, our unique ability to execute with excellence, and our proven strategy. The four pillars of that strategy—Specialization, Globalization, Commercial Excellence and Operational Excellence transformed our company, and they continue to guide our actions and decisions today.
Strategy is important. Strategy matters. But excellence in execution is even more critical—and it’s a hallmark of our success. I’d like to review just some of the many ways we executed with excellence in 2014.
SPECIALIZATION
Our mix of specialty-generated operating income is at its highest level in history. With 65 percent of our OI generated from specialty solutions—compared to just 2 percent in 2005—it truly exemplifies just how far we’ve come in our transformation from the volume-driven, commodity-focused company of the past. We are no longer a compounder; we are a material science company that formulates technical polymer solutions and provides value- added services that helps our customers succeed.
Our success with Specialization reflects the importance we place on innovation. One measure of success we use is our Vitality Index, which shows the percentage of our specialty sales generated from solutions introduced in the last five years. In 2014, our Vitality Index reached a world-class level of 44 percent. This validates that our portfolio is fresh, unique and early in its lifecycle—with strong upside to generate future growth. What’s more, is that we are committed to further building our pipeline of new innovations through our Phased Offering Launch process, a proprietary means through which we take new solution ideas from concept to commercialization.
GLOBALIZATION
Our approach to Globalization remains clear. We know that by growing and utilizing our expansive network and infrastructure, we are able to serve the world’s largest and most global customers with consistent, specialized materials and exceptional service
 
 wherever they need us to. A great example is in Pune, India, where we celebrated the opening of a new state-of-the-art facility that includes laboratories and manufacturing dedicated to color and additive solutions. In Shanghai, China we announced plans for a new Innovation Center to facilitate collaboration, accelerate application development and increase speed-to-market for specialty solutions in the Asia Pacific region. We continue to grow in this important market, where last year we achieved record revenue and profitability. In Europe, we delivered 34 percent adjusted operating income growth, despite challenging and pervasive macro-economic headwinds. While the challenges in Europe and the situation in Russia and Ukraine may persist, we will continue to monitor and take precautionary measures, minimize our exposure, and perform despite the uncertainties.
COMMERCIAL EXCELLENCE
Nothing pleases us more than helping our customers succeed, and when it comes to serving them, we always expect to be number one. Second place isn’t good enough. In 2014, we received many awards and recognitions in a wide range of topics from M&A to community relations. Yet the awards we cherish the most are those granted to us by our customers. For example, last year we were honored to receive the “Product Innovation— Global Supplier of the Year” award from Becton, Dickinson and Company; the inaugural “Supplier Excellence Award” from Quality Synthetic Rubber (QSR) and Qure Medical; and the “Supplier of the Year” award from AMA Plastics.
Our approach to Commercial Excellence is now well engrained in our businesses, and we are making strong progress as we transform the commercial organization of the legacy Spartech as well. We’ve trained our sales force in customer centric selling, EVE tools, and utilization of our CRM resources—and we continue to leverage our internal expertise to cross-train and cross-sell as our integration efforts continue.
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
In another key milestone in our integration of Spartech, we completed the previously announced North American asset realignment and continue to focus on making improvements in quality, service and delivery at the impacted facilities. Lean Six Sigma is the lifeblood of formal process improvement at PolyOne. More than 2,700 of our associates are trained on the methodology, and our approach to process improvement pervades our global organization.
Our “safety first” mindset and culture were reflected in an incident rate of 0.84, an improvement of 13 percent compared to 2013. Our safety performance is five times better than the Plastics and Rubber Manufacturing Industry average of 4.4, and as new members of the American Chemistry Council, we are implementing its Responsible Care Management System® to further drive continual improvement in workplace safety. Our working capital performance improved to 9.9 percent of sales, and we were recognized for the fourth year in a row in the CFO/REL Working Capital Scorecard as “Best in Industry.” Other third-party accolades we earned last year included being ranked among the 50 Best Manufacturing Companies by IndustryWeek Magazine, and winning the “2014 Best Emerging Maintenance Reliability Program Award” from Uptime® Magazine.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
Our strategy, when executed with excellence, delivers financial performance expected from a specialty growth company. Adjusted earnings per share have never been higher, and our five-year Total Shareholder Return of 430 percent quantifies our exceptional performance. As a result of the rapid growth in our earnings, in 2014 we increased our dividend 25 percent, which is now 250 percent higher than when we initiated it in 2011. We also bought back 6.3 million shares of our stock. Going forward, we expect to continue to deliver for our shareholders through share price appreciation, share repurchases and increasing dividends.
OUR FOUNDATION—POLYONE ASSOCIATES
Performance like ours is only possible with a passionate and innovative workforce dedicated to helping our customers succeed. At PolyOne we have just that—6,900 global associates working each day to execute our proven strategy and uphold our core values. Our team continues to strengthen, and we are building a world-class sustainable organization that thrives on, expects and delivers exceptional results.
A PLATINUM VISION FOR THE FUTURE
While no doubt a successful year, 2014 is history. We are now using our momentum to make 2015 even better. We’ve made great progress and have already achieved many of the 2015 goals we set for ourselves three years ago. Yet at PolyOne, we’re always asking ourselves, “what’s next?” Five years ago few would have predicted where we are today. And despite our remarkable transformation and what our scorecard currently shows, there is much more to come.
We’re defining our own future—one in which we expect to take PolyOne from gold to platinum. At the heart of this movement, we will elevate our rigorous and strategic focus on innovation to even greater heights. Our associates and customers will collaborate as a natural course of business, bringing to life new solutions that improve our customers’ product performance and bolster their bottom line. Our platinum vision will include unprecedented expectations of ourselves and bold performance targets we will strive to achieve. With our balance sheet strength, global infrastructure, culture of innovation, ability to execute and outstanding management team, we have limitless potential. And translation of that potential into future growth is already well underway!
In closing, I would like to first thank our dedicated customers, for choosing PolyOne as a partner for their material science and services needs. Thank you to our shareholders for your trust in PolyOne’s ability to deliver and grow. I am thankful to our diverse and talented Board of Directors for their ongoing support and guidance. And finally, I thank and congratulate our global associates for all they accomplished to make 2014 the best year in company history. I am inspired by them and look forward to making 2015 our best year ever!
Robert M. Patterson
President and Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2015
4
4
