 ANNUAL REPORT 2013
to our shareholders
As we continued to execute our proven strategy, the market recognized our performance as well. Shares of PolyOne stock reached an all-time intra-day high of $35.77, and in 2013 our share price appreciated an impressive 73 percent. Our credit rating was also upgraded in December, a reflection of the confidence we’ve earned by delivering results through consistent execution of our strategy.
The same strategy that re-invented and transformed our company now serves as our compass for innovation and growth, as well as integrating our acquired companies. The four pillars are clear and unwavering—Specialization, Globalization, Commercial Excellence and Operational Excellence. They focus our global organization on what matters most and where we can deliver value. In 2013 we had numerous successes from each of the four pillars, and I’d like to review some of the highlights.
Specialization
Our specialization activity was highlighted by the acquisition close and expedited integration of Spartech. We have begun to leverage the specialty characteristics and solutions of what has become our Designed Structures and Solutions (DSS) business segment. We expect that specialty transformation of DSS, as well as our other acquisition, Glasforms, will accelerate in 2014 as we extract and deliver even more value through concerted integration activities. In another key portfolio improvement, we sold our non-core vinyl dispersion, blending and suspension resin assets for $250 million. This transaction was a natural next step in our portfolio evolution and further focuses us on our core business of material science formulation. Organically, we utilized our proprietary innovation process to develop and launch new specialty and full-service solutions, including VersaflexTMHC, ExceliteTM liquid foaming solutions, PerceptTM Authentication Technologies, and InVisiOSM Color and Design Services, just to name a few.
Globalization
We continue to expand and invest strategically to best serve our customers. In 2013 we announced new specialty colorant facilities in Pune, India and in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, the latter representing the culmination of a previously announced joint venture with E.A. Juffali & Brothers Limited. In addition, we began operation in a new engineered materials facility in Istanbul, Turkey, which also serves as the sales, training and customer service center in this rapidly growing economy. We also invested to begin thermoplastic elastomer production in Brazil, another important regional market where we’ve identified opportunities to grow and serve customers. Utilizing our expansive network and infrastructure, we are able to serve the world’s largest and most global manufacturers with consistent, specialized materials and exceptional service wherever our customers desire.
Commercial Excellence
Our commercial expertise continued to develop and provide returns in 2013. Our world-class sales and marketing teams further honed their skills of identifying innovation and growth opportunities, then
As you have now come to expect from PolyOne, our strategy and execution— once again—delivered exceptional performance in 2013 and added value for our customers, shareholders and associates.
It was another record-breaking year, as we achieved adjusted earnings per share of $1.31, a 31 percent increase over 2012. In doing so, we extended our streak to 17 consecutive quarters of double-digit adjusted EPS expansion and a growth CAGR of 25 percent over this period. That’s more than four years of strong growth, and it’s a streak we intend to extend well into the future.
We delivered this record profitability while simultaneously strengthening our company, investing for the future and providing additional value to PolyOne shareholders. Our balance sheet remains strong, with ample liquidity to support our “invest to grow” strategy, pursue M&A opportunities, and return cash to shareholders. During the course of the year, we returned our pension plan to fully funded status, repurchased 5.0 million shares of PolyOne common stock and increased our dividend payments by 20 percent over 2012.

 effectively communicating the value of our solutions to customers. At the same time, we began to apply our core commercial competencies and value-selling philosophy. In less than 60 days following the Spartech acquisition, we had already trained our newest associates at DSS in this philosophy so they can be most effective. Our product development pipeline remains robust and is generating unprecedented specialty new business closes, which more than ever before are at margins reflective of the true value they provide. We also continue to protect what we innovate, and last year we achieved a new PolyOne record for both patents granted and patent applications filed.
Operational Excellence
Lean Six Sigma methodology is fully ingrained in our culture, and approximately 2,100 associates have been trained on its principles. This training underpins our operational excellence, including our on-time delivery rate, which exceeded 96 percent, and safety and quality performance that has already demonstrated measurable improvement at DSS in less than one year post-acquisition. Another measure of our success is working capital, which for 2013 was 10.7 percent of sales. Our working capital performance was recognized in 2013 in the CFO/REL Working Capital Scorecard as “Best in Industry” for the third year in a row. We were also effective in applying our operational know-how in our North American asset realignment at legacy Spartech operations. Announced in July, these important asset improvements use the voice of the customer to better utilize capacity and improve delivery and quality levels— opportunities from which we will derive synergies and value for all our stakeholders.
Business and Functional Performance
Our three strategic platforms also achieved numerous records and performance milestones. Propelled by the addition of DSS, our mix shift to specialty applications continued to grow, and in 2013, 62 percent of our operating income was generated from our Specialty platform, versus only two percent in 2005. Global Color, Additives and Inks and Global Specialty Engineered Materials increased operating income over 2012 levels by 38 percent and 22 percent, respectively. Distribution exceeded $1 billion in revenue for the second consecutive year and delivered a 5.9 percent return on sales in 2013. Performance Products & Solutions (PP&S) achieved a new record for return on sales at 7.2 percent and further reduced its working capital as a percent of sales to 4.3 percent.
Within these global business segments and functional departments are the heart and soul of all we accomplish. With more than 7,600 associates on five continents, the unified team that is PolyOne has never been stronger. We live our core values of Collaboration, Innovation and Excellence and we uphold them with the utmost integrity in all that we do. This past year we launched new leadership development programs to ensure our top talent is ready to advance to new positions and deliver on greater challenges. For example, Julie McAlindon was promoted to president of our DSS segment immediately following the close of the Spartech acquisition. Our brand strength and transformation to a specialty
company is also providing the opportunity to attract top talent from outside PolyOne when desirable. This strength was most notably evidenced by our hiring last year of Brad Richardson as CFO and Michael Garratt as president of PP&S.
Yet there is no greater example of targeted and effective succession planning than our recent announcement that Bob Patterson will succeed me as CEO of PolyOne Corporation in 2014. This upcoming transition represents a multi-year plan to develop and prepare the next leader who will continue PolyOne’s journey as a transformative, innovative and global specialty company. Bob is undoubtedly the right person for the future of PolyOne, and I’ve had the privilege of working with him and personally mentoring him since his hire in 2008.
While I look forward to continuing my role as executive chairman of the PolyOne Board of Directors, I will retire from my post as CEO tremendously proud of what our team has accomplished during the last eight years. PolyOne has transformed into a specialty growth company. The journey was not easy. Our path to specialty required a clear vision, the courage to change and a tenacious focus on execution. Our management team led the way, and our global associates delivered. But what’s most exciting about PolyOne is not our past...it’s our future!
A Look Ahead
We are in strong pursuit of our 2015 performance goals and have already made significant progress. We are more confident than ever in our commitment to generate $2.50 in adjusted earnings per share.
We expect to achieve these goals by executing our proven four- pillar strategy that has been our roadmap for success thus far. That’s the beauty of our strategy—its applicability is timeless. However, companies are ultimately judged by their ability to execute their strategy, not just define it. Execution is where we have consistently and historically differentiated PolyOne. In doing so, we’ve returned value to our customers, shareholders and employees. And that’s what we are committed to continuing well into the future.
In closing, I would like to thank our shareholders for your support and trust over the years. I would also like to thank and congratulate our global associates, management team and Board of Directors for their hard work and dedication this past year. Together, we’ve created tremendous momentum in terms of value generation and innovation. At no time in our history has PolyOne been so well positioned for the future, and we are committed to delivering growth, performance and excellence for many years to come!
Sincerely,
Stephen D. Newlin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 21, 2014
