  To Our Shareholders
 By any measure, our 2010 results were remarkable. Whether gauged against past performance, self- established targets, our peers, or consensus expectations, PolyOne had a record-setting year.
Nearly five years after the launch of our transformation, we are the new PolyOne—our disciplined execution and the ensuing results reflect our unwavering commitment to growth. The same strategy we executed to transform PolyOne—specialization, globalization, and operational and commercial excellence—is now being deployed to grow the new PolyOne. This was the year we demonstrated our ability to consistently fulfill our promise.
Aggressive Growth Goals
In 2010, the rate of our transformation accelerated. Each of our strategic platforms contributed to our results with record operating income or profitability, boosting year-over- year revenue 27% higher to $2.6 billion. Before special items, operating income doubled to $167 million and earnings per share increased to $0.88, up threefold over 2009 on a comparable basis and well ahead of pre-recession levels.
Relying on a global economic recovery was not an option for PolyOne. Our 2010 revenue growth goals were independent of improvements in market conditions. Guided by our commercial excellence strategy, we gained new business by deploying our solutions-based approach to create value for our customers in the form of competitive advantage, market differentiation and business results. A cross-selling initiative spanning our new global organization helped our customers identify additional PolyOne solutions to address previously unmet needs. Together, these efforts far outpaced ongoing weakness in the U.S. housing market and the decline in equity earnings from our SunBelt joint venture.
For some time, we acknowledged that SunBelt was not a strategic fit, yet market conditions were unfavorable for a divestiture. By monetizing our 50% stake in SunBelt in
early 2011, we have further oriented our portfolio toward Specialty and will use the proceeds to fund strategic acquisitions that will accelerate our Specialty growth.
Growing our business also entails expanding our geographic footprint. To drive growth in Asia, we invested in local talent to work more closely with large original equipment manufacturers, adding to our sales office in Japan and opening our first sales office in South Korea. Two acquisitions in Brazil, in late 2010 and early 2011, create a foundation for our growth in South America and will help augment our Specialty platform.
Healthcare remains a strategic market and a tremendous growth opportunity for PolyOne solutions, with revenue exceeding $220 million in 2010. Our leading position helped PolyOne secure healthcare supplier wins with BASF Engineering Plastics, Dow Corning, and ExxonMobil Chemical Company.
Sales performance is only one measure of our success in 2010. Industry comparisons show PolyOne outperforms our industry peers in areas previously considered unattainable, including working capital, on-time delivery, and safety. Aided by Lean Six Sigma methodology, improved sourcing efficiencies and inventory management, working capital averaged 9.6% of sales for the year, a best-in-class performance. Our exemplary on-time delivery performance has become a speed-to-market advantage our customers rely on from PolyOne, despite our on-time delivery being challenged by raw material shortages. We addressed the issue by investing in inventory and prioritizing the goal of meeting or exceeding delivery expectations 95% of the time.
As a result of our financial and operational achievements, we finished 2010 with our strongest balance sheet ever, which included $378 million in cash, $506 million in available liquidity, and limited debt maturities until 2020. Contributing to balance sheet improvements were the divestitures of three non-core assets—the sale of our interest in the BayOne joint venture, the sale of our ownership interest in O’Sullivan Films and the seller note collection from the sale of Excel Polymers—as well as a successful debt refinancing that both extended our debt maturity profile and took advantage of historically low interest rates.

  We are well positioned to fund our future operating needs and acquisitions that will expand our global footprint and complement our Specialization strategy. We are also rewarding our shareholders with the initiation of quarterly dividends for the first time since 2002. With a bright outlook for our future, and ample cash to fund acquisitions and growth investments, we are confident in and committed to our new dividend policy.
Unprecedented Progress Aided by Lean Six Sigma
Lean Six Sigma (LSS) is now embedded in our culture— its methodology and language are a unifying force for our associates. Across business and regional boundaries, our teams collaborate on systemic and lasting efficiency improvements, always with the customer in mind.
We began the second full year of our Lean Six Sigma deployment by winning the most prestigious process improvement award in the world and, by year-end, had trained 28% of our global workforce in LSS principles. As the number of associates engaged in continuous process improvement grows, so, too, do our results. LSS is helping us create efficiencies and drive bottom-line results, a portion of which we are reinvesting in sales and marketing to drive our growth.
Our performance improvements are never achieved at the expense of the industry standard we take seriously— safety. For the third consecutive year, we exceeded our previous record. Our lost-time incidence rate of 0.65 per 100 employees makes PolyOne seven times safer than the industry average.
Limitless Potential Being Attained through Innovation
To fulfill our potential, we are creating a dynamic innovation culture at PolyOne, supported by investments in resources. In the last year, we added more than 100 people to our global commercial organization to innovate, develop, market and sell the next generation of materials. Our network of customer-facing Innovation Centers showcases the breadth of PolyOne solutions and enables us to support customers with technical aspects of the design process. January 2011 marked the opening of our ninth center in Gaggenau, Germany, and construction is nearly complete on our tenth center in Avon Lake, Ohio, USA.
Ideas become reality in these collaborative centers located around the world. For our customers, this means streamlining the design process, reducing time-to-market, and optimizing efficiency—all major competitive advantages. For PolyOne, it means deeper customer relationships and more opportunities to match our capabilities with their future needs by delivering meaningful business solutions.
As customers increasingly depend on PolyOne to deliver new solutions to their toughest challenges, our Specialty Vitality Index has climbed to above 35%—best in class for our industry. To consistently expand profitability in our Specialty platform, we must continually evolve and renew our portfolio of offerings by unveiling solutions that capture the imagination of manufacturers and consumers alike.
In 2010, we prioritized profitable revenue growth, LSS deployment and innovation. Our record-setting results prove our strategy is correct. Our people made it possible.
Our management team and associates are energized by our unprecedented progress, and we embrace the ambitious goals before us. In 2011, we expect each of our platforms will break new records for operating income or profitability by executing on our strategy, putting customers first, prioritizing the winning of new business, executing our “world’s best” Lean Six Sigma program and innovating to differentiate PolyOne from the competition.
PolyOne has many more milestones to reach and records to shatter. Last year was our best year yet, and in retrospect, we will recall 2010 as a new inflection point ... a significant leap toward our limitless potential.
Your support bolsters our resolve and your expectations challenge us. With great appreciation for both, we continue to accelerate toward our bright future.
Sincerely,
Stephen D. Newlin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 10, 2011
 