 A LETTER
TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS
from Stephen D. Newlin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
About five years ago we began our transformation at PolyOne. At that time we established aggressive goals that, by some opinions, bordered on the impossible. We launched our four-pillar strategy and built a leadership team with the talent and skills to deliver it.
We’ve never looked back.
This past year was one marked by significant milestones and record-breaking performance. In the face of second- half economic headwinds, debt crises in economies around the globe and recurring fears of a double-dip recession that hampered growth, PolyOne stayed focused. We showed resolve and discipline. We remained committed to our strategy. We made 2011 another year to be proud of.
Driven by a nine percent increase in revenues, our adjusted EPS of $1.02 represented a new record for PolyOne and a 29 percent improvement over 2010. This performance clearly demonstrates that our strategy is on target and our execution was exceptional.
Each of our three business platforms performed well. Specialty grew operating income for the sixth consecutive year and pro forma for the ColorMatrix acquisition and the sale of SunBelt, now represents 50 percent of our operating income, up from just two percent in 2005. Operating income in Distribution at least doubled that of any given year from 2005 to 2009. And, despite three consecutive years of a housing industry trough, operating income in Performance Products & Solutions has grown in each of those periods.
In 2011, our leadership team revisited the four-pillar strategy that has guided PolyOne in our transformation. We unanimously agreed that Specialization, Globalization, Commercial Excellence and Operational Excellence remain the best strategy to deliver profitable growth in the future. These focal points will continue to guide our decisions and investments, as evidenced by several recent transformational achievements:
 3

• We acquired ColorMatrix Group, a highly specialized company with a premier suite of additive technologies and the leading market position in liquid colorants. Similar to our GLS acquisition, we will implement an “invest-to-grow” strategy to further expand the value that these unique solutions bring to customers, and ultimately our shareholders.
• We divested our 50 percent interest in the SunBelt Chlor Alkali joint venture. The sale of SunBelt marked the last of our legacy equity investments in commodity businesses, allowing PolyOne to more completely and consistently focus on specialty applications and our three business platforms.
• Our global footprint expanded through the combination of our M&A strategy and other investment activities. In 2011 we established or grew our Specialty platform in important geographies like Russia, the Middle East and Brazil. In China, we launched our Distribution business in Shanghai.
Our strategy and success were not achieved solely on transformational business deals. Rather, every day we work on executing functional and cultural improvements in our business to enable performance and growth. Some highlights this year follow:
• Innovation and collaboration thrived. We launched two new Innovation Centers, facilities where we work directly with our customers in real-time to inspire and invent. We also held our first Innovation Week, where our technical and marketing leadership began to build the cultural infrastructure that will power future specialty solutions for our global customer base.
• This was the first full year of global cross-selling, following the extensive training, tools and new incentives we’ve invested in our Commercial platform. In fact, we estimate that $150 million of new business gains were the result of cross-selling through global key accounts, local seller teamwork and new applications, driven by collaboration across our business units.
• Operationally, we continued to invest in our Lean Six Sigma (LSS) program, simply because it continued
to improve our business and customer service levels. For example, PolyOne’s already world-class on-time delivery rate to customer request date increased to 94 percent. This high level of performance is not achieved by stocking inventory; rather, it’s the result of consistent sales and operations planning, working capital management and efficiency resulting from a collection of LSS activities over the last five years. Forty percent of our workforce is now trained in these effective lean principles.
• We again demonstrated world-class safety performance, further reducing our injury rate, which for the third consecutive year is lower than the previous year and far better than the best industry benchmarks. Creating a wellness and safety culture at PolyOne is first and foremost a commitment we make to our associates, yet it also reflects the overall rigor and discipline of our approach to business, while helping to control costs such as health care and worker’s compensation.
At the heart of nearly every investment is innovation. Our ability to innovate has helped drive PolyOne’s transformation thus far, and it will drive our next level of success as well. During 2011 we made important commercial and technological commitments to our future, while we remained as prudent as ever in our use of cash. We protected the strong balance sheet that we worked so hard to build and still rewarded shareholders through our share repurchase program and our initiation of dividend payments for the first time since 2002.
So as we summarize the past year and take measured pride in our accomplishments, we are also taking aim at bigger and bolder goals for this year and through 2015.
As we exceed others’ expectations, we are raising ours. That approach is what fuels our growth. It’s also our steadfast commitment to you.
Sincerely,
Stephen D. Newlin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 20, 2012
ANNUAL REPORT 2011
 4
