 ToOur Shareholders
PolyOne is the leanest and strongest we have ever been. Our confidence, resolve and focus have reached all-time highs.
We are a more efficient and streamlined organization than ever before. Taken together, we are approaching our peak performance and are committed to delivering consistent, double-digit growth.
Amidst the unprecedented challenges of 2009—without clarity on the duration of the economic crisis and uncertain where demand decline in our end markets would trough —PolyOne reshaped and fortified the Company. We strengthened our balance sheet, focused on scaling our organizational size and structure to global demand, and far surpassed consensus earnings estimates. In trial after trial, our people flawlessly executed on our strategy, proving we have both the right team and plan in place.
Given the challenging economic environment, our year-end results were nothing short of outstanding. Full year earnings were well beyond analyst estimates and even our own expectations. With annual sales of $2.1 billion, a 25% year- over-year decline, we delivered earnings per share before special items of $0.37. We are very proud of these results which were just $0.04 shy of 2008 on a comparable basis.
As we enter 2010, our momentum is accelerating and we are confident in our new stride. With strength built upon the confidence we gained, the adaptability we demonstrated, and the results we generated during the most challenging economic period in our Company’s history, our credibility is without question. We are poised to consistently deliver on our commitment to our shareholders. We are the new PolyOne and we have established a new way of creating value and selling solutions. From our culture of customer first, to our stronger balance sheet, to our operational
efficiency gains, to new business growth—PolyOne is unmistakably leaner, stronger and poised for growth.
Leaner
We began 2009 with a global restructuring aimed at aligning our organization with near-term demand, while concurrently planning for future growth. Our restructuring efforts, which are saving $60 million annually, were completed ahead of schedule and below cost estimates, without compromising the safety of our associates. In fact, our 2009 lost time incidence rate was 0.8, placing PolyOne far ahead of our industry average of 5.7 and firmly in the elite class of the world’s safest companies.
Our efficiency improvements were not merely structural— they were also operational. We realized significant efficiency gains with the launch of our award-winning global Lean Six Sigma (LSS) initiative. As evidenced by the size and scope of the deployment, we are fully committed to optimizing every aspect of our performance and the service we provide customers. In fact, our global on-time delivery performance demonstrated that our customer care remained exemplary.
Stronger
Our balance sheet is another measure of PolyOne’s strength. Prioritizing and driving LSS projects focused on efficiency improvements contributed to creating the strongest balance sheet in the history of our Company—we increased cash from $44 million at the end of 2008 to $223 million at the end of 2009 and net debt declined $223 million.
Our resolve was further strengthened by delivering estimate-beating year-end results. This achievement
 This is our time. We have prepared for it. We are ready to grow. We are the new PolyOne—a company with limitless potential.
 
fortified our strategic focus and the inherent discipline in our culture. Confidence in our value-creating solutions positions us ahead of those in our industry who employ the failed strategies of maintaining unprofitable business and pursuing volume instead of a solid return for shareholders.
We have assembled the best commercial team in our industry and equipped them with world-class training, tools and resources. Last year, they persevered—fighting for new business, concentrating on higher-margin solutions, leveraging the full spectrum of PolyOne solutions and uncovering new ways to create value for our customers. Our commercial excellence initiatives will be further enhanced in 2010 by the numerous customer-centric LSS projects underway.
Throughout 2009, we strengthened our Company by pursuing growth from new sources. Building on our solutions-oriented approach to selling, PolyOne secured agreements with key suppliers that reinforced our leadership position in the distribution industry. Foremost among these agreements was DuPont Engineered Polymers’ selecting PolyOne Distribution as its primary North American distributor. Additionally, as 2009 drew to a close, we acquired substantially all of the assets of specialty healthcare compounder New England Urethane, Inc.
More Agile
Agility requires responsiveness to our customers, shareholders and employees in a new economic environment, while steadfastly adhering to our strategy. Guided by our strategy of specialization, globalization, and operational and commercial excellence, we have transformed PolyOne into a nimble, focused team that possesses the collective commitment, determination, and passion to put customers first and grow our company with the highest sense of urgency.
The expansion of our Specialty operating income demonstrates our ability to execute on the strategy. First, our innovations distinguish PolyOne from the competition by offering specialized solutions that fill unmet needs and create value for our customers. We have a robust and growing portfolio of sustainable solutions that address demand driven by emerging trends such as government regulations, consumer preference and the rising cost of non-renewable resources. An additional benefit of expanding our Specialty platform is our reduced exposure to the cyclicality of commodity markets and our equity
investments. As an example, healthcare—a target market for us—has proven more resilient to the economic downturn than most other markets we traditionally serve. Our Specialty platform provides flexibility that positions PolyOne to capitalize on changes in economic conditions, consumer demand and regulatory trends.
To improve our agility and performance, we made a series of major improvements to our organizational structure, effective January 1, 2010. By globalizing our Specialty businesses and sourcing, we will better serve our global customers, drive execution of our four strategic pillars, and leverage our strong geographic footprint.
We also have launched a cross selling initiative to take advantage of the breadth and depth of product offerings represented by our three strategic platforms and the number of customer touch points provided by our Distribution business. Cross selling, combined with our new global organization, improves our agility and allows us to more swiftly identify value-added customer solutions and win new business around the world.
Poised for Growth
Our 2009 profitability was not the result of luck, but of focus, drive and solid execution. By year-end, PolyOne returned to revenue growth. Now our top priority is to consistently deliver expanded earnings and double-digit sales growth, regardless of the economic outlook.
We have reached an inflection point in our transformation. The extensive and lasting efficiency gains we achieved, coupled with the proven ability of our management team to transform PolyOne into a specialty company, will propel our growth. The path before us is clear. Our leadership team, polymer-formulation expertise, global footprint, and product portfolio provide the credibility; our determination to complete our transformation provides the fuel.
This is our time. We have prepared for it. We are ready to grow. We are the new PolyOne—a company with limitless potential.
As always, we appreciate your continued faith and support in PolyOne, and we look forward to our future with great enthusiasm.
Sincerely,
Stephen D. Newlin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 17, 2010
     