                   Dear Fellow Shareholder,
For decades, reliability and customer service have been top concerns of the electric utility industry. The critical importance of these issues was reinforced in 2003, as we witnessed the Northeast blackout, experienced the devastation of Hurricane Isabel and dealt with continued threats to homeland security. Combined with the further opening of wholesale competition, heightened corporate governance requirements and volatile energy markets, these developments have ushered in a new era where rules have changed and stakes are higher.
These events have had a full impact at Pepco Holdings, Inc. (PHI). On the governmental and regulatory fronts, we are actively participating in efforts to improve nationwide security and reliability, while also working to assure that the transition to competition continues smoothly. Internally, we are taking actions to deliver a new level of customer service and become a leader in emergency response management. And we have tightened our already stringent rules of accountability and responsibility.
I invite you to visit our new Corporate Governance section on our website, Pepcoholdings.com. There you will find at a single location, important information concerning the management of the company, including the various charters, policies and guidelines under which our Board of Directors has directed that we operate.
PHI’s first full year of operations reflected the challenges and transitions taking place around us. Much of the year was focused on reducing risk and cost, eliminating non-core operations and responding
to events that arose. We expect an improved earnings picture going forward as we build upon the strengths of our two power delivery organizations.
In the following letter, Dennis Wraase provides details on PHI’s 2003 performance. This marks his first letter to you since his election in June 2003 to succeed me as Chief Executive Officer. Dennis’ succession to CEO is part of an orderly leadership progression, as we continue to build PHI into a premier power delivery business focused on serving customers in the mid-Atlantic region.
Dennis’ exemplary 30-year utility career began in finance, serving as Controller and Chief Financial Officer. For several years prior to his election as CEO, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Pepco and PHI. Dennis was instrumental in executing the merger of Pepco and Conectiv.
It has been a privilege serving our shareholders and industry for the past 40 years. I am proud of this company and its achievements and value my long- time association with the employees and directors who possess the skills, commitment and heart to continue successfully enhancing PHI’s shareholder value into the future.
Sincerely,
John M. Derrick, Jr. Chairman of the Board April 1, 2004
Proxy Statement and
2003 Annual Report to Shareholders
  LetterstoShareholders ........... CoverPage
Notice of 2004 Annual Meeting and ProxyStatement .............. 1
AuditCommitteeCharter ......... A-1
Policy on the Approval of Services
Provided by the Independent
Auditor ..................... B-1
2003 Annual Report to
Shareholders ................. C-1
 • BusinessoftheCompany ........
C-7
• Management’s Discussion and
Analysis ..................... C-15
• Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk . . . . C-49
• Consolidated Financial
Statements ................... C-63
Board of Directors and Officers . . . . . C-124
InvestorInformation ..............
C-125

                   Dear Fellow Shareholder,
In 2003, Pepco Holdings, Inc. focused on its central strengths. We divested non-core businesses, implemented strategies that reduced risk, negotiated agreements that will make earnings more predictable and continued to reduce debt. We also faced special challenges, including an unprecedented energy trading loss at one of our affiliates, the bankruptcy of power supplier Mirant Corp., and Hurricane Isabel, which caused the worst devastation ever to Pepco’s and Conectiv’s electric systems.
PHI’s leadership team and employees effectively responded with strategies that have strengthened our company. With these events behind us, we can move forward from an improved position and continue to execute successfully the power delivery strategy we set when the Pepco/Conectiv merger was completed nearly two years ago.
Setting the Stage for Future Earnings Growth
As a result of the challenges we faced and business decisions we made to reduce risk, PHI’s 2003 consolidated earnings of $113.5 million, or 66 cents per share, on operating revenue of $7.3 billion, were significantly below what this company is capable of producing on an ongoing basis. We are confident, however, that the actions we took in 2003 have set the stage for future earnings growth.
At Conectiv Energy, for example, we discontinued the part of our energy trading business that led to a loss last year, canceled gas turbine equipment that was on order for future generating plant construction, and instituted a program to lower the risk associated with supplying energy. At our financial subsidiary, Potomac Capital Investment Corporation (PCI), we stopped further new investment activity. PCI also completed its exit from the real estate business by selling PHI’s headquarters building on a lease-back arrangement at a very favorable price. And we significantly decreased our risk exposure at our telecommunications affiliate by lowering the carrying value of our interest in our Starpower joint venture, which we have put up for sale.
Protecting Shareholders’ Interests
As I mentioned earlier, Mirant Corp., which supplies energy to Pepco for delivery to customers in Maryland and the District of Columbia, sought bankruptcy protection in 2003. Our top priority in responding to Mirant’s bankruptcy has been to create certainty around electricity supply and cost and to protect our customers and shareholders from attempts by Mirant to avoid its legal obligations. Toward that end, in November we successfully negotiated a settlement with Mirant in which they agreed to continue fulfilling their supply obligations. While the renegotiated price is somewhat higher, it successfully removes uncertainty of supply and preserves our ability to seek recovery of the price difference in bankruptcy court.
We have thus far successfully opposed Mirant’s attempts to avoid fulfilling its obligations associated with two high-cost power purchase contracts. We will continue to exercise all available legal remedies to represent your interests in this matter.
Improving Productivity
Conectiv and Pepco have long-standing histories of providing reliable service at reasonable cost with an ongoing commitment to cost control. This commitment continues. We are making significant productivity improvements through accelerating the integration of the two utilities’ support functions and by leveraging their combined resources. We met our savings target in 2003 and expect to achieve increased savings going forward. The highly successful conversion of PHI to a common financial system provides the opportunity for additional savings in the future, including our goal to reduce staffing levels and eliminate duplicate processes. Unfortunately, 2003 savings were offset by the continued spiraling cost of benefits including pension and medical costs.
I am confident, based on results achieved since the merger that PHI is well on its way to creating significant value for investors. The combination of Pepco and Conectiv has created one of the largest mid-Atlantic power delivery companies and it is our goal to become the best performing as well.
ii

Building Shareholder Value through Focusing on Customers
With the events of 2003 behind us, we look forward to a future centered on strengthening our core power delivery business. Clearly, customer satisfaction is our most valuable asset. We intend to safeguard and nurture that asset, because we believe that it is the pathway to growing shareholder value.
In recent years, Pepco and Conectiv have enjoyed high customer satisfaction ratings. We have worked hard to serve our customers and they have grown to expect a lot from us. Those expectations were severely tested by Hurricane Isabel, which caused nearly 900,000 of our customers to lose power at the storm’s peak and required upwards of seven days to completely restore service. Customers’ responses in the aftermath of Isabel unequivocally show that the bar on customer satisfaction has been raised. We’re going to rise to that challenge.
To help improve our performance in future emergencies, we engaged former FEMA director James Lee Witt to conduct an independent evaluation of our disaster response efforts. Mr. Witt and his team of experts found that both Pepco and Conectiv met industry standards in responding to the hurricane, but they challenged us to do even better. They recommended we expand our approach by treating such events as community disasters requiring much greater coordination with other response agencies, rather than simply as a significant power outage. They also recommended that we adopt advanced emergency planning processes similar to those used by the federal government, but not typically followed by utilities in the past.
We learned many lessons from Hurricane Isabel and I believe the Witt Report is a positive blueprint for change. We fully embrace the concept of emergency community response advocated in the report, and we intend to become a leader in that arena. One of our major efforts will focus on building community partnerships where we can listen to our customers’ and communities’ concerns and together forge a response that meets their needs.
Our Fundamentals are Sound
As we continue to implement our power delivery strategy, our fundamentals remain sound and
our dividend secure. Our regulated power delivery operations provide a solid foundation of predictable earnings and cash flow. We remain committed to paying down over $1 billion of debt by 2007 or earlier—pending recovery of our $131 million of claims in the Mirant bankruptcy—and improving our equity ratios. Last year we generated sufficient cash to pay down over $250 million of debt and trust preferred stock. We will use other financial strategies to further pay down conventional debt in 2004.
Management Transition
On June 1, 2003, John M. Derrick, Jr. retired as PHI’s Chief Executive Officer, remaining Chairman of the Board. At that time, I was honored to be elected to succeed him as CEO.
I would like to take this opportunity to pay tribute to John, who has given more than 40 years of unparalleled leadership and service to Pepco, PHI, the electric utility industry and the community at large. I have had the privilege of working with John for much of that time and can attest to his distinguished career. He has been pivotal in guiding Pepco and PHI through the changes wrought by the restructuring of the electric industry and he has been a true industry champion in that process. He is also a well-known leader in the community, with a well- deserved reputation for supporting educational, charitable and cultural activities in our service area.
We are Well-Positioned to Grow Shareholder Value
Going forward, I, along with PHI’s diverse and seasoned management team, will build upon the outstanding foundation that John has provided us. With the support of the Board of Directors and the continued commitment of employees, I am confident of our ability to successfully navigate new challenges and opportunities.
Sincerely,
Dennis R. Wraase President
Chief Executive Officer April 1, 2004
 iii
