  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
(in millions, except per share data)
Net Income from Continuing Operations (GAAP)
Basic Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations (GAAP)
Adjusted Net Income from Continuing Operations (Non- GAAP)
Adjusted Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations (Non-GAAP)
Total Operating Revenue Total Operating Expenses Operating Income
Capital Expenditures Total Assets
Cash Dividends Per Share of Common Stock
Year-End Stock Price
Net Book Value Per Common
2011
$ 260 1.15
$ 283
1.25
$ 5,920 5,283 637
$ 941 14,910
$ 1.08 20.30
2010
$ 139 0.62
$ 277
1.24
$ 7,039 6,415 624
$ 802 14,480
$ 1.08 18.25
18.79 224
Share 19.05
Weighted Average Common
Shares Outstanding 226
Adjusted Earnings Per Share for 2011 excludes mark-to-market losses resulting from economic hedging activities associated with the retail energy supply business ($0.08 per share) and the impact of a tax law change ($0.02 per share). Adjusted Earnings Per Share for 2010 excludes debt extinguishment costs ($0.51 per share), restructuring charges ($0.08 per share) and the effects of a divestiture-related claim ($0.03 per share).
The presentation of earnings excluding special items and certain non-GAAP adjustments and related per share data is intended to complement, and should not be considered as an alternative to, PHI’s reported earnings in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP). Management uses this information, and believes that such information is useful to investors, in evaluating PHI’s period-over-period performance.
Dear Stockholders,
I am very pleased to report that in 2011 Pepco Holdings, Inc. (PHI) made significant progress executing its strategic plan—and we are maintaining this momentum in 2012. The year was not without challenges, but we successfully managed them while focusing on our core commitment of improving the reliability of electric service. In 2011, we invested nearly $900 million in transmission and distribution infrastructure to improve reliability and install advanced technology. Over the next five years, our planned infrastructure investments in our power delivery business amount to $5.6 billion. I am confident that this substantial financial commitment will continue to enhance system reliability and meet customers’ service expectations, while delivering long-term value for our stockholders.
I also am pleased to report that PHI’s GAAP earnings from continuing operations for 2011 were $1.15 per share compared to 62 cents per share in 2010. On an adjusted (non-GAAP) basis, our earnings from continuing operations were $1.25 per share, compared to $1.24 per share. (See table on right for reconciliation to GAAP.) The increase in adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations for 2011, as compared to 2010, was primarily the result of higher transmission and distribution revenue due to higher authorized rates driven by increased investment. Lower interest expense contributed to the increase in adjusted earnings. Earnings results also reflect our increased spending on system maintenance and tree trimming, which are positively impacting our system reliability, restoration performance and customer satisfaction.
PHI’s business strategy remains focused on being a top-performing, regulated transmission and distribution company. With a clear strategy in place, our energies are devoted to execution: upgrading infrastructure, building a smarter grid and enhancing the customer experience. To complement this focus, we are expanding our competitive energy services and renewables business, which we believe will bring long- term growth opportunities.

Improving Reliability Through Upgrading Infrastructure
In 2010, we announced our comprehensive plan to improve reliability in Pepco’s service area and to reduce both the frequency and duration of power outages. Since then, we have trimmed trees along nearly 3,500 miles of power lines, completed 48 expansion projects to meet growth in customer demand for electricity, upgraded more than 340 miles of aging underground lines, completed work on more than 120 overhead power lines to reduce outages and installed 125 advanced switches to reroute power more effectively during outages.
In 2011, we invested $120 million in reliability enhancement capital expenditures in our Pepco service area, and the investment is paying off. Customers served by the upgraded power lines experienced a 39 percent reduction in the average number of power outages during 2011 as compared to 2010. When outages did occur, they did not last as long, with the average outage duration declining by 56 percent. This is strong evidence that our investments are producing the tangible results we expected. We have extended our reliability enhancement efforts across our Atlantic City Electric and Delmarva Power regions.
Also driving our capital plan are transmission investments amounting to $1.4 billion over the next five years. The investments will be used to upgrade equipment, facilitate the integration of renewable generation resources and help maintain a reliable power supply as generating facilities retire due to age, and new more stringent environmental regulations take effect. The bulk of the projects are planned for the Delmarva Peninsula and southern New Jersey, although we have several critical projects under way in the Washington, D.C., metropolitan area to accommodate the upcoming retirements of our Benning and Buzzard Point generating stations.
Due to lower projections for energy demand, the in-service date for our proposed Mid-Atlantic Power Pathway (MAPP) interstate transmission line project has been delayed to sometime between 2019 and 2021. As a result, our focus is on the other significant transmission projects we have planned.
Empowering Customers Through Building a Smarter Grid
Creating a smart grid is another core component of our strategic plan. At the heart of the future smart grid is deployment of 1.3 million smart meters across our Delmarva Power and Pepco service areas by the end of 2013. When the smart meters are fully activated, customers will have access to detailed account-specific energy information that will empower them to better manage their energy use and costs in ways not previously possible. With the approval of new rate structures that reward customers for reducing their electricity use during periods when the cost of supplying electricity is higher, customers will be able to save additional energy and money while helping their respective states reach their energy reduction goals.
We also are proud to partner with the White House in supporting the national “Green Button” initiative that will allow customers to download their energy usage information in a standardized, easy-to-read format. Green Button coupled with our smart meter technology and our online “My Account” service will enable customers to leverage a host of new energy-related mobile applications that we are planning to develop. Because about two-thirds of revenue from our power distribution business is no longer tied to customer consumption, we are able to more aggressively promote energy conservation without impacting the financial health of the company.
Enhancing the Customer Experience
As part of our commitment to enhance the customer experience, we launched a special emergency restoration improvement program early last year that identified more than 100 discreet actions to enhance our storm response—all were addressed and implemented before the summer 2011 storm season. As part of this initiative, we more than doubled the number of telephone trunk lines to our Washington, D.C., regional call center, developed mobile applications for customers to report and track outages and get improved outage information and upgraded our utility websites to enhance communications with our customers.
2

Other changes implemented to enhance storm performance included setting up regional storm centers for more efficient crew dispatch, using an improved approach for estimating times for restoring power, leveraging technology and outside contractors to conduct real-time damage assessment from the field, augmenting our emergency response personnel and securing a backup crisis call center.
Passing the Test
Due to our significant investments to improve reliability, restoration and customer service in 2011, our operational performance has been favorably impacted. These improvements were tested this past August when Hurricane Irene swept through our service area with winds as strong as 70 miles per hour and total rainfall as high as 11 inches, which caused significant devastation along the East Coast and to our electric system. At peak, we had nearly a half million customers without power across all of our service areas. In a little more than two days, 98 percent of customers were restored. This was a significant accomplishment that required mobilizing nearly 3,000 internal and external personnel and effectively executing our recently upgraded restoration plan.
In Delaware, where we have completed installing more than 300,000 smart meters, we were able to identify whether premises had power by remotely communicating with the smart meters, which reduced call backs to customers, ensured individual outages were promptly addressed and reduced unnecessary dispatch of our repair crews.
It was gratifying to read the positive media coverage of our restoration efforts. Equally as heartening were the results of a special survey conducted in the days following the storm where 78 percent of customers polled reported being satisfied with our restoration performance. Our Hurricane Irene response also helped to increase PHI’s customer satisfaction score in a fall 2011 survey compared to a summer 2011 survey, driven by a significant 10-point improvement in Pepco’s score. These results are evidence that we are on the right track; however, we know there is still much to do. Reliability, customer service and emergency response remain a central focus throughout our organization.
Earning a Fair Return
PHI has embarked on the largest five-year construction budget in its history, and reasonable rates of return are critical to executing our capital plan. Three rate decisions were reached in 2011 granting a total of $34 million of additional revenue annually. In 2011, we filed new distribution rate cases in each of the five electric jurisdictions we serve. In total, the cases request an annual rate increase of $227 million based on returns on equity of 10.75 percent. These filings include requests for the approval of a reliability investment recovery mechanism and the use of fully forecasted test years in future rate cases to help bring the rate of cost recovery in line with our accelerated rate of investment. We expect resolution of the cases in the second and third quarters of 2012. Securing timely cost recovery will continue to be a significant focus of our regulatory strategy.
Expanding Energy Services
Pepco Holdings’ energy services business also had a strong year. In 2011, Pepco Energy Services signed $129 million in energy-efficiency contracts, including large contracts with the Maryland Port Administration, the Virginia Department of Military Affairs, the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing, and Virginia Tech. Through these contracts, the business helps its clients reduce their energy expenses by reducing their consumption and carbon footprint. In addition, Pepco Energy Services is highly experienced in developing renewable energy projects. It has designed and developed multiple solar, landfill gas and geothermal plant installations and also operates and maintains many of these plants. We intend to continue to grow the energy services and renewables business, while completing the wind down of the retail energy supply division by 2014.
Continuing the Momentum
We have been striving to meet customer expectations and increase the value of your investment. I am pleased with our progress and am committed to maintaining the momentum. Looking forward to 2012 and beyond, we will continue our focus on enhancing reliability through infrastructure investment, earning a fair return in each of the five jurisdictions we serve and expanding our energy services and renewables business. We also intend to work aggressively to improve the customer experience.
3

Environmental sustainability, diversity and maintaining the safety of our employees, contractors and the public are core PHI values and will continue to guide our business approaches and practices. I am proud that in 2011 PHI was ranked among the top tier of all U.S. companies and the top six U.S. electric utilities by the Carbon Disclosure Project and the top three U.S. electricutilitiesinNewsweekMagazine’sannual Greenest Big Companies in America edition. All three PHI utilities again were certified Treeline USA utilities by the National Arbor Day Foundation, and Pepco was the only utility in the nation to achieve certification by the Wildlife Habitat Council for the management of wildlife habitat on its transmission rights-of-ways.
Also in 2011, PHI was named one of the “40 Best Companies for Diversity” by Black Enterprise for the seventh straight year and recognized as one of the “2011 Diversity Best Companies” by HispanicBusiness magazine for the fifth consecutive year. These awards included recognition of our supplier diversity program, which also has received other commendations, including being named among 101 companies that were “Best in Class” for supplier diversity by Minority Business News USA.
Delivering Value to Our Stockholders
Infrastructure investments along with PHI’s stable earnings base, management’s commitment to the dividend, careful management of risk and sharp focus
on reliability are the right ingredients for enhancing value for our stockholders. I’m also encouraged by the positive comments among the investment community regarding our regulated power delivery business strategy and actions toward reducing regulatory lag. This confidence is reflected in improved investment grade credit ratings, which will help us to cost-effectively financeourplannedinvestments.
I want to thank the members of our Board of Directors who have been instrumental in guiding PHI toward its improved performance. I give a heartfelt thank you to employees for their pride in the company, hard work and commitment that are enabling PHI to progress toward its vision of being a top-performing power delivery company. I am confident that PHI has the right strategy and I am enthusiastic about our future. I thank you for your continued investment.
Sincerely,
Joseph M. Rigby
Chairman of the Board, President
and Chief Executive Officer March 28, 2012
 4
