 Dear Shareholders,
2009 was a challenging year for Pepco Holdings, Inc. (PHI) and the energy industry. The nationwide economic downturn caused stock values to drop and financial markets to remain volatile. Despite the significance of the challenges, I am pleased that we were able to keep PHI’s growth strategies on track and maintain the dividend.
2009 consolidated earnings of $1.06 per share compared to $1.47 per share in 2008 reflected the difficult economy. Increased pension expense and higher interest expense combined with a challenging energy market to drive these results. I am optimistic, however, that an improving economic outlook and our robust regulated infrastructure growth plan together will deliver increased shareholder value.
2009 in Review
I credit PHI’s sound business model and the forethought and commitment of our employees with enabling the company to manage through 2009 so well. The reduction in spending, deferral of selected capital expenditures and salary and hiring freezes that we implemented were difficult, but necessary, steps to respond to economic conditions. While we expect 2010 will be a return to more normal operating conditions, we plan to continue our focus on managing costs and driving operational efficiencies.
The proactive financing plan we completed in late 2008 was pivotal in enabling us to execute our 2009 construction plan. We began installing the first of 430,000 smart meters in Delaware, and are well on our way to building a “smart grid,” a modern electric system that will enable customers to better track and modify their energy use, save money on energy bills and
contribute to reducing carbon emissions that negatively affect environmental quality. In support of this effort, we also are investing in new communications infrastructure and automated distribution systems, which can isolate electrical problems, make automatic power adjustments and speed restoration.
Thanks to our successful application for federal smart grid stimulus funds, we are accelerating our regulated delivery system modernization plans. The U.S. Department of Energy awarded us $168 million to help build a smart grid in the Pepco region and implement demand side management programs and install communications infrastructure to serve Atlantic City Electric customers. As a result, we are moving quickly to extend our smart grid work in Delaware that is well under way to these service areas. The number of smart meters that we will install in the Pepco and Delmarva Power-Delaware regions will eventually grow to more than 1.2 million.
In January 2010, we requested the Maryland Public Service Commission to delay the procedural schedule for the $1.2 billion Mid-Atlantic Power Pathway (MAPP), a 150-mile, 500-kilovolt transmission line that will originate in Virginia, pass through southern Maryland and then travel under the Chesapeake Bay and onto the Delmarva Peninsula. PJM Interconnection, the independent regional power grid operator, is currently reviewing the region’s overall transmission needs. While awaiting the completion of PJM’s review, we asked the commission to suspend the proceedings. This study is scheduled to be completed this June and will determine any impact on the current 2014 in-service date for the MAPP project. Meanwhile, we are continuing to define the line’s route and complete environmental studies.
Proxy Statement and
2009 Annual Report to Shareholders
 LettertoShareholders ............. CoverPage
Notice of 2010 Annual Meeting and
Proxy Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
Policy on the Approval of Services
Provided by the Independent
Auditor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . A-1
2009 Annual Report to
Shareholders .................. B-1
 •BusinessoftheCompany ................. B-8
• Management’s Discussion and Analysis . . . . . B-21
• Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about MarketRisk ........................... B-80
• Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . . . . B-85 BoardofDirectorsandOfficers ............. B-162
InvestorInformation ...................... B-163

During the next five years, investments in our regulated power delivery business unrelated to our MAPP and smart grid initiatives will comprise nearly 70 percent of our capital expenditures, providing the primary growth driver for your investment.
On the District of Columbia and state regulatory front, we have been very active, filing five electric distribution rate cases over an eight-month period. Through these requests, we are seeking to minimize regulatory lag, improve cash flow and close the gap between actual utility earnings and authorized rates of return. We have received final orders in our two initial cases that resulted in modest distribution rate increases for residential customers in the District of Columbia and our Delmarva Power-Maryland service areas and upheld several important precedents that will help us meet our financial goals.
In other regulatory successes, we achieved approval of our smart grid plans in the District of Columbia and an expedited schedule for considering a smart grid in Maryland. In the District of Columbia and Delaware, revenue decoupling mechanisms were approved, which make revenue independent of sales, helping to align the utility’s interest in energy conservation with that of our customers. The District of Columbia decoupling mechanism went into effect in November 2009, and we expect decoupling to be implemented for electric distribution rates in Delaware, once the pending base rate case is completed this summer.
Expansion of our Conectiv Energy generation fleet continued. A new dual-fueled combustion turbine in New Jersey became operational in June 2009 and a combined-cycle generating plant in Pennsylvania is on track for commercial operation in mid-2011. These fleet additions, totaling 645 megawatts, further enhance our strategic presence within the PJM market. In addition, we built a four-megawatt solar plant for the Vineland Municipal Electric Utility in New Jersey, which went online in December and increased our renewable energy portfolio.
In other developments in 2009, we announced that we will exit Pepco Energy Services’ retail energy supply business by way of an orderly wind down. While retail energy supply has been profitable, its liquidity needs are high and incompatible with the growth under way in our core transmission and distribution business. Looking to the future, we are excited about the opportunity to expand Pepco Energy Services’ very successful energy services offerings, which include energy efficiency, renewable energy, and heating and cooling facilities for large commercial, industrial and government customers.
In aggregate, we are planning to invest $5.8 billion in infrastructure over the next five years. We move into this growth period with a sound financing plan and a focus on executing our strategy to build long-term shareholder value.
I would like to note that in 2010, we will institute the practice of providing a projection of our earnings for the year within a range to supplement our public financial disclosures. We believe this practice of earnings guidance, which is followed by many other utilities, will provide investors and other interested parties with helpful additional information with which to make investment decisions.
Looking to the Future
As I complete my first year as your Chairman and CEO, I am optimistic about PHI’s future. Our vision of creating an electric system for the 21st century is becoming a reality. We are expanding our generation fleet and energy services business, and our commitment to renewable energy and energy-efficiency complements both state and federal government policy goals. In the process, we are transforming the way we do business, and are building new relationships with our customers and our communities.
Our values continue to guide our decisions and actions, and we earned in the past year recognition from numerous sources citing the diversity of our work force, our desirability as an employer and our position as an industry leader.
Throughout it all, the safety of our employees and those we serve remains central to our focus. I was gratified during the blizzard and ice conditions of the two back-to-back February 2010 storms that we were able to restore service to more than a half million customers safely and proficiently. I am proud of these achievements and the dedication of our employees and leadership team and the guidance and support from your Board.
Thank you for your continued investment in Pepco Holdings, Inc.
Sincerely,
Joseph M. Rigby
Chairman of the Board, President
and Chief Executive Officer March 26, 2010
 ii
