                   Dear Fellow Shareholders,
I am pleased to report that we made excellent
progress on our business plan in 2004. We strengthened the performance of our core power delivery business, reduced the risk profile of our competitive businesses, shed non-core assets and continued to improve our balance sheet.
Our progress was reflected in improved financial performance in 2004. Pepco Holdings reported consolidated earnings of $258.7 million for the year, or $1.47 per share, improving upon the $113.5 million, or 66 cents per share earned during the same period in 2003. Much of the increase was driven by the improved performance of our competitive energy businesses. We also made significant progress toward our debt and preferred stock reduction goal, reducing debt and preferred stock by about $480 million in 2004.
Also of note, we achieved a total shareholder return of more than 22 percent in the combined period of 2003 and 2004, despite the “overhang” of the Mirant bankruptcy proceeding. We continue to aggressively protect our interests in that case to remove any uncertainty that may by hampering the full realization of our shareholder value.
Business Strategy Proves Sound
In my 2003 Shareholder Letter, I said that we were taking actions to set the stage for future earnings growth. I believe that our 2004 financial performance demonstrates that our actions were successful and that our strategy is sound as we move toward our vision of becoming the premier power delivery and energy services company in the mid-Atlantic region.
The positive indicators are many: our sales are growing steadily, our customer satisfaction ratings are on the rise, we have achieved reasonable regulatory agreements and our service territories are economically robust.
PHI Power Delivery Consolidates; Delivers Improved Earnings
Our regulated power delivery business continues to be our primary focus. It is low-risk and stable, producing a steady stream of cash that comfortably pays for our construction expenditures, debt service and shareholder dividends.
I am optimistic about our progress. The organization has moved aggressively to combine operations and the result was an earnings contribution of $233.4 million in 2004, and the establishment of a platform for further efficiencies and savings in 2005 and beyond. We met the challenges of conducting business under delivery rate caps by continuing our work on integration and process redesign with a focus on effectively managing overall spending.
Our mission is to provide excellent customer service and reliability, and we have made a commitment to become a leader in emergency community response. We have made significant strides toward these goals including:
• completing computer system enhancements to help analyze and locate the cause of outages,
Proxy Statement and
2004 Annual Report to Shareholders
 LettertoShareholders ......... CoverPage
Notice of 2005 Annual Meeting andProxyStatement ........ 1
Audit Committee Charter . . . . . . A-1
Policy on the Approval of
Services Provided by the IndependentAuditor ........ B-1
2004 Annual Report to
Shareholders .............. C-1
 • Business of the Company . . . . . C-7
• Management’s Discussion and
Analysis .................. C-16
• Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures about Market Risk...................... C-64
• Consolidated Financial
Statements ................. C-71
Board of Directors and Officers . . C-142 InvestorInformation ........... C-143

• working with local communities to address power concerns,
• increasing the amount of communication with our customers,
• improving the way we estimate restoration times,
• educating the public on how to prepare for storms, and
• enhancing our emergency response plan to more effectively interface with external agencies across multiple jurisdictions.
I was pleased that our efforts in these areas were rewarded with improved customer satisfaction ratings in the 2004 Market Strategies Inc. survey of east coast utilities, in which we participate each year. These improvements are just the beginning. We are committed to continuing on our path toward exceptional performance.
We also are making targeted, focused investments in our transmission system to improve reliability. In 2004, we completed one section of a high-voltage transmission line in New Jersey; the final section is expected to be in operation by July 2005. We were proud to receive the Engineering Excellence Distinguished Award from the American Council of Engineering Companies of New Jersey for siting, permitting and constructing this line.
Also in New Jersey, we are in the process of obtaining regulatory approvals to construct several transmission facilities to maintain reliability after the planned closing of the B.L. England Generating Station in December 2007.
In Delaware in 2006, we will complete a new high-voltage transmission line that spans the state from north to south and improves reliability on the Delmarva peninsula, and in Maryland, between 2005 and 2007, we will continue to install new equipment on Pepco’s transmission system that will improve reliability in that area.
Competitive Energy Posts Profits in a Challenging Market
PHI continues to complement its power delivery foundation by operating profitable, competitive energy businesses. Conectiv Energy provides electric power, capacity, and ancillary services in the wholesale markets administered by PJM, the regional transmission organization that coordinates the movement of wholesale electricity in our region. Conectiv Energy also supplies electricity to other wholesale market participants under long-term bilateral contracts.
Through its focus on cost improvements, efficiency, and a conservatively managed hedging strategy, Conectiv Energy has extracted value in a difficult wholesale energy market. Conectiv Energy posted a marked improvement in earnings growth in 2004, from a loss of $82.8 million in 2003 to a positive contribution of $54.9 million in 2004. Conectiv Energy is well positioned to take advantage of improving market conditions.
PHI’s competitive retail arm, Pepco Energy Services (PES) has profitably capitalized on the retail energy market by supplying electricity, gas and a full range of energy services. PES is one of the largest retail energy providers in PJM, and we expect it to continue attracting customers as rate caps on electricity supply expire in surrounding states. Eighty percent of PES’ revenue comes from sales to large commercial and industrial gas and electricity customers, while 20 percent is from sales of equipment and services. Pepco Energy Services also posted a good year, boosting its earnings contribution from $2 million in 2003 to $12 million in 2004. In fact, 2004 marked Pepco Energy Service’s best earnings year ever.
As part of our strategy of focusing on core assets, we announced in 2003 that we would stop making additional investments in Potomac Capital Investment Corp. (PCI) in 2004. As planned, PCI divested non-core assets and increased cash flow by selling its interests in Starpower (a tele- communications joint venture), all remaining aircraft and other non-utility property. PHI continues to manage PCI’s existing cross-border energy leases.
2

Good Regulatory Relationships Produce Positive Results
Good regulatory relationships are an important element of our strategy to focus on the power delivery business. In 2004, we successfully implemented the transition to market-based default supply service in both Maryland and the District of Columbia. Pepco and Delmarva Power were each approved as the provider of default service and will receive a margin on Standard Offer Service sales of about 0.2 cents per kilowatt hour, on average. We’re pleased with this outcome and see it as a demonstration of a constructive regulatory climate.
Delaware has also adopted the “wholesale model” and recently selected Delmarva Power as the provider of default service when price caps are removed in mid-2006. Under the wholesale model, Delmarva Power will procure energy supply through a competitive process. The mechanics of this process will be defined at a later date.
We continue to work closely with interested parties to craft a settlement on the Atlantic City Electric base rate case. While the process has taken longer than anticipated, we believe we will resolve this case in the near term. Also worth noting, we have finished the first round of post restructuring rate reviews in Maryland and the District with no findings that we are over-earning.
Looking to the future, we are gearing up for the expiration of retail delivery rate caps in 2006 in Delaware and Maryland, and 2007 in the District of Columbia. We plan to pursue achieving fair rates that reflect our costs and a reasonable return on our investments.
We are Strengthening Our Regional Focus
In order to strengthen our public policy focus and better serve our customers, we are heightening the regional focus in the way we do business. This entails returning to our roots as the local power company serving the local community. With this in mind, we are returning to our historic utility names of Delmarva Power and Atlantic City Electric in those regions and
we plan to reintroduce these brands gradually over the coming months. In addition, each of our three regions—Atlantic City Electric, Delmarva Power and Pepco—will be spearheaded by a PHI leader who will be responsible for building mutually beneficial relationships with the local constituencies and responding to their needs.
PHI’s Credit Profile Is Improving
In response to the expectations of the financial community, we are channeling our cash flows into improving our balance sheet with the goal of achieving an equity ratio as a percentage of total capital in the 40-45 percent range by the close of 2007. Toward that end, we are on track to reduce debt by $1.3 billion over the five-year period ending in 2007. Steps taken in 2003-04 included issuing more than $340 million of equity and refinancing about $945 million of higher costs securities. By year end 2004, we achieved $730 million or 56 percent of our goal.
Our Internal Controls and Corporate Policies are Effective
In 2004, we met our deadlines for documenting, evaluating and testing our internal financial controls at the PHI holding company level as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX). Significant energy was applied to this effort, and as we expected, our independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, in an independent review found that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of the December 31, 2004 deadline. In 2005, we will take advantage of our experience and identify further opportunities to improve the operating effectiveness and efficiency of internal control over financial reporting
Early in 2005, we launched a new Web-based Corporate Business Policies course and certification process, part of a broader online Corporate Ethics Center. On an annual basis, employees and other persons in positions of trust are required to certify that they know and understand PHI’s comprehensive set of business policies. Conducting the certification process by requiring completion of an online course is a best practice in corporate governance.
3

Competitive Employee Programs, Contracts Implemented
In 2004, we integrated the compensation and benefits programs for PHI’s management employees into a single program that provides a competitive package of benefits, streamlines administration, achieves cost savings and improves employee mobility across the organization. We also introduced a new Performance Accountability System that ties financial incentives to individual, organization and team goals. This approach aligns our activities at all levels with the corporate business plan and is designed to achieve improved performance.
In 2004, we successfully negotiated a new five-year labor agreement with IBEW, Local 1900, that represents employees in our Pepco region. In 2005, a number of contracts expire for employees who work in the Delmarva Power and Atlantic City Electric regions and we will be seeking to negotiate agreements that more closely align the benefits and compensation of all our union employees, while being competitive with the market.
We are Enhancing our Safety and Environmental Programs
Safety and environmental stewardship are at the heart of our core values. In 2004, we were deeply saddened by three tragic employee job- related deaths. True to our values, we have rededicated ourselves to significantly improving our safety culture and performance through increasing field audits, instituting an executive panel to review accidents, emphasizing adherence to safety rules and expanding our safety training program.
In the environmental arena, we continue to reach out with partners to increase environmental stewardship efforts in our regions. In 2004, new wetlands preservation initiatives were begun in Delaware and river restoration initiatives increased throughout our regions, including the Anacostia and Potomac Rivers. We continue to minimize pollution by recycling annually about 4,000 tons of material—from the metal and wires that distribute our electricity to the tires used on our service
vehicles. Through Pepco Energy Services, we own and manage a portfolio of assets which produce energy from environmentally friendly renewable sources that we sell to customers throughout the mid-Atlantic region.
We were honored in 2004 to be recognized by Fortune and DiversityInc magazines for our commitment to diversity in employee programs and business practices. Our team has been diligent in its efforts to ensure that diversity is a core business value and this recognition is an affirmation that we are moving in the right direction.
A Note of Thanks to Our Employees and Directors
I want you to know that I am very proud of PHI’s employees. They work hard each day to deliver essential energy services to our customers and to provide a stable return to you, our shareholders. Ours is a dedicated, talented and diverse team—and I want to express my appreciation for the value they create each day.
I also am proud of our Board of Directors, who worked diligently to ensure that our governance practices are among the best.
Let me close by restating the fundamentals of our business: a stable, rate-regulated power delivery business complemented by profitable, competitive energy businesses. We are focused on generating cash flows to support a secure dividend and improve our credit profile. We believe these fundamentals, as evidenced by our 2004 financial performance and total shareholder return, make PHI a very attractive investment. We are optimistic about our future, and we look forward to providing increased value to our shareholders.
Sincerely,
Dennis R. Wraase
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2005
 4
