                                Dear PolyMet Shareholder:
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to report on the activities of your Company during the last fiscal year.
There was a reassuring rebound in metal prices in Q2 2009 after the worst of the financial crisis. I have commented in earlier reports that there is a world wide dearth of new mine projects in the development pipeline and we saw considerable market interest for our copper/nickel project after the draft EIS was filed. There is, however, a general caution in the equity markets. The market is looking for timely completion of the EIS and thus permits. Your Company has effectively completed the engineering and planning necessary to start building immediately upon receipt of permits. This report will address some of the challenges we have faced and the proactive steps taken to meet them, as well as document the significant progress made.
The Economic Picture
For the metals mining industry, the recession has proved to be remarkably short-lived. Metal prices have generally rebounded to around their average levels prior to the summer of 2008, driven by strong demand from China, India, Brazil, and other emerging economies.
Mining is capital intensive and the industry continues to be affected by tight credit markets. The recession also reaffirmed an air of caution that has been prevalent in the industry for much of the past decade or more.
On the macro level, a shortage of new projects coming on stream points to robust metal pricing in the medium term. The long lead-time from project definition through completion of permitting and financing are raising the barriers to entry – which highlights the advantages of the PolyMet Project.
Environmental Review
The PolyMet Project is now all about completing the environmental review and obtaining permits. Publication of the Draft EIS in November 2009 was followed by a public review and comment period, including two public hearings (one near site and one near the Twin Cities) that finished in early February 2010. At the time of writing, the State and Federal agencies responsible for the environmental review are completing their analysis of the extensive comments and establishing the best path forward to completion of the EIS process, taking into consideration comments made by the US Environmental Protection Agency.
As I have reported previously, we have been disappointed with the delays and attendant high cost of completing the EIS - currently in excess of $25 million. However, we are impressed with the quality of work completed by the State of Minnesota, its contractors and associated federal agencies.
PolyMet’s commitment to environmental safeguards is evidenced by the approximately $100 million included in our up-front capital budget to ensure that the mining and plant processes meet or exceed Minnesota’s stringent environmental standards.
Strategic Partner
Glencore AG is one of the world’s largest suppliers of commodities and raw materials to industrial consumers and has been a strategic partner of PolyMet since 2008. Our relationship with Glencore allows us to utilise their expertise to help with the marketing of our copper, nickel, platinum and palladium streams. The company also provides us with the necessary technical assistance across all production areas.
As well as providing technical assistance, Glencore has also invested in the business, initially through a convertible debenture of up to $50 million. $25 million of this has been drawn. In October 2009 Glencore made an equity investment of $25 million at $2.65 per share. Glencore currently owns 6.3% of the shares of PolyMet stock.
POM.2

                                State of the Mining Industry
There is still great caution in the mining industry. Metals such as copper and nickel have recovered quite well in respect of the highs seen in late 2007. Other metals such as iron and aluminum which are also “economic health indicators” have not recovered to the same extent. Many mining companies are in financial difficulty due to lack of cash and credit lines. Accordingly, marginal or sub-economic operations remain shut down.
The lack of broad based development in the mining industry will cause major equipment to be lower priced and generally more available. Three years ago the mining industry saw severe shortages of engineers, operators and equipment, which resulted in rapid cost escalation. With the global downturn, we can expect shorter lead times for equipment and a general normalization of the large cost components in our industry.
Core Development Team Intact
Engineering of the Project has continued to advance since early 2008. Throughout the EIS process we have constantly monitored burn rate and made adjustments to ensure that our limited resources were not overextended. To conserve cash yet maintain momentum we have maintained an integrated core team of our engineers who work with operations personnel, engineering companies, suppliers and construction contractors. The team is constantly assessing and reassessing project costs and availability of essential equipment.
Project key to Northern Minnesota Economy
The economic downturn took a big toll on operations on the Iron Range - a situation unfortunately frequently experienced over the years. These low grade iron deposits are especially sensitive to the U.S. automotive and appliance markets, and do not readily compete with the large, high grade (direct shipping) projects found in Brazil and Australia. Adding copper, nickel and precious metals mining in Northern Minnesota will significantly help diversify and expand the area’s economy.
PolyMet’s Hoyt Lakes based team has been extremely active for at least two years in a diverse range
of public awareness events and speaking venues. We believe we have been successful in informing the general public of the facts regarding the substantial benefits of the Project, our Project’s minimal and manageable impact on the environment and to mitigate any concerns about a new form of mining in Minnesota. This was evidenced by the large turn out to the public meetings in late 2009 with an overwhelming support for the project.
Your Company has spent a lot of money getting the technical aspects of this Project right and it is important that the public, particularly those living in our immediate vicinity, know the facts.
The ultimate performance of your Company depends greatly on the people behind it. Management and your board are fully committed to getting this Project built. I would like to take this opportunity to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support and I look forward to updating you on our progress throughout 2010.
William Murray
Executive Chairman & Director April 30, 2010
POLYMET MINING CORP
Annual Report 2010
 PLM.3
