Letter from the President and Chief Executive Officer
PPG-Comex recently celebrated the opening of its 4,000th store.

To Our Valued PPG Shareholders,
2015 was another record year for our 132-yearold company. Thanks to our customers and employees, we were able to strengthen our global paint and coatings businesses despite some challenging global economic conditions. Throughout the year, we continued to deliver on our commitment to produce industry leading paint, coatings and specialty materials that our customers trust to protect and beautify their products and surroundings. Our employees' dedication, energy, innovative spirit and technical know-how are key reasons why customers rely on PPG.

Our Performance
PPG delivered strong financial results in 2015, achieving the highest adjusted earnings per diluted share in company history. Highlights of our financial performance include:  Record full-year adjusted earnings per diluted share from continuing operations of $5.69, up 17 percent year-over-year;  Full-year net sales of $15.3 billion; sales up more than 7 percent year-over-year in local currencies;  Full-year cash deployment of $1.15 billion, including business acquisitions that totaled more than $400 million (purchase price) and share repurchases of approximately $750 million;  Cash and short-term investments totaling $1.5 billion at year-end; and  Cash from continuing operations was a record $1.8 billion, up 2 percent versus the prior year. You can read more about our 2015 financial results in the Annual Report's Form 10-K.

Our Strategic Actions
We also completed several strategic initiatives aimed at creating long-term value for our shareholders. This included the successful integration of Comex, the leading paint supplier in Mexico, which we acquired in late 2014. The performance of PPG-Comex has been excellent by every measure. In addition, we have maintained the pace of opening a new PPG-Comex concessionaire store location approximately every two days. I am proud to note that we've surpassed the milestone of 4,000 store locations in Mexico. While these achievements are significant, we still have considerable growth opportunities ahead. In addition, we completed six smaller acquisitions during 2015 that we expect will further strengthen our product, technology and distribution offerings to customers. I encourage you to read more about these acquisitions in the "Key Highlights" section of this report. In 2015, we continued to reinvest in our businesses while also distributing cash through dividends and share repurchases as we deployed approximately $2.0 billion to grow the businesses and reward shareholders. This included:  Approximately $475 million in capital spending, including several key growth projects;  More than $400 million spent on six acquisitions (purchase price); and  Approximately $1.1 billion returned to shareholders through dividends paid totaling approximately $385 million and share repurchases totaling approximately $750 million. We also maintained our heritage of rewarding shareholders by raising our annual per share dividend payout for the 44th consecutive year, including a 7 percent per-share dividend increase in April 2015.

Our Operations and Communities
At PPG, a focus on sustainable operations has long been a hallmark of who we are and how we do business. Our emphasis on sustainability extends to ensuring our operations are as safe and efficient as possible. In 2015, we reduced our injury and illness rate by 11 percent. We've also made strides this past year in reducing energy intensity (8 percent), waste intensity (7 percent) and overall GHG emissions (7 percent). And we've continued our work toward the most efficient use of raw materials used to manufacture our products and recycle materials after the manufacturing process is complete. Our employees continue to find new ways to improve in these and other areas, which last year resulted in nearly 250 projects that were recognized through our internal sustainability awards process. We estimate that our environmental and ergonomic-related improvement projects in 2015 saved more than $14 million. Our efforts also extend beyond PPG's operations with innovative products that provide environmental benefits to our customers. From PPG products that contribute to lighter, more fuel-efficient vehicles, airplanes and ships ... to innovative paint systems that help our customers reduce their energy consumption, conserve water and reduce waste. In our communities, we launched the COLORFUL COMMUNITIESTM program in 2015, a 10-year initiative to enhance, protect and beautify communities around the world through the use of our products. Together with our employees and community partners, we completed 11 Colorful Communities projects last year. Our efforts to enhance our operations and enrich communities are a continuous focus across PPG, and we continue to make progress every day. To read more about our programs and progress in these areas, you can read our Sustainability and Community Engagement Reports by visiting www.ppg.com.

Our Path Forward
As we look to 2016, PPG remains focused on delivering higher organic growth, including continued commercialization of our innovative, industry leading paint, coatings and specialty materials. Being the world's leading paint and coatings company is a journey -- not a destination. In many ways, our journey has just begun. So we continue our focus on driving growth from within our businesses. We also will continue to be aggressive on efficiency and productivity initiatives. As those of you who have followed us for years know quite well, this is a never ending quest at PPG. We are always looking for ways to improve our cost structure. Finally, our balance sheet remains strong, as we ended the year with cash and short-term investments of approximately $1.5 billion. We intend to continue creating and enhancing shareholder value through earnings-accretive cash deployment. We remain on pace with our prior commitment to deploy between $2.0 billion and $2.5 billion of cash in years 2015 and 2016 combined, including the $1.15 billion we deployed in 2015. We expect coatings industry consolidation to continue in 2016, and our pipeline remains robust as we continue to review potential acquisitions around the world. Share repurchases will also remain an integral part of our capital allocation strategy. And, of course, we must do these things while strictly adhering to our values and constantly focusing on the safety of our employees. We are well-positioned to achieve our goals, and I strongly believe PPG's brightest days are ahead of us. Thank you for your continued interest and investment in PPG.

Michael H. McGarry

President and Chief Executive Officer

2015 PPG Annual Report and Form 10-K  Page 1

