Our Valued PPG Shareholders,
PPG had a successful year in 2016, despite a more challenging global economic environment and growing geopolitical uncertainty in many of the regions where we operate. Thanks to our customers and employees, we were able to continue to strengthen our paint and coatings business around the world.

Highlighting our financial performance, we:  Reported net income from continuing operations of $564 million, or $2.11 per diluted share.  Reported adjusted earnings per diluted share from continuing operations of $5.82.  Achieved 7 percent adjusted earnings per diluted share growth.  Increased sales by about 3 percent in local currencies.  Deployed $1.4 billion on acquisitions and share repurchases to reach the top end of our 2-year deployment target of $2.5 billion.  Announced a new cash deployment target of $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion for 2017/2018 combined. In 2016, we also raised PPG's pershare dividend by 11 percent. We are extremely proud that PPG has paid annual dividends for 117 consecutive years, including 45 consecutive years of increased annual payouts.

We also completed several strategic actions to make PPG stronger and more resilient in the future. These included:  The completion of four acquisitions, increasing our geographic and product scope: MetoKote (U.S. coatings services), Univer (Italy architectural coatings), Deutek (Romania architectural coatings, closed in January, 2017) and Futian Xinshi (China automotive refinish, closed in January, 2017).  The completion of business divestitures, including the flat glass and European fiber glass businesses and PPG's ownership interest in two Asian fiber glass joint ventures, resulting in approximately $1.1 billion of total cash proceeds.  Initiation of a new business restructuring plan targeting $125 million of savings annually, including $40 million to $50 million in 2017.  Continued strong financial flexibility with cash and short-term investments totaling approximately $1.9 billion at year-end. We kept our keen focus on sustainable operations and employee safety as top priorities in 2016. We achieved an 11 percent reduction in our spill-andrelease rate, and continued to enhance the safety of our operations.

In addition, our employees continue to develop ways to improve the way we operate. Last year, nearly 200 projects were recognized through our internal sustainability awards initiative. We estimate that our sustainability and ergonomic-related improvement projects in 2016 saved more than $30 million. In our communities, PPG volunteers led more than 40 COLORFUL COMMUNITIESTM projects in 20 countries to bring color and vitality to schools, hospitals and community organizations through the use of PPG paints and coatings. Moving forward, our continued commitment to innovation is essential and will play a critical role in our continued growth. Our goal is to achieve 25 percent of total sales from products introduced in the last four years. Our innovation and sustainability efforts are intertwined. These efforts include a wide range of innovative products and services that provide environmental benefits to our customers, including products that contribute to lighter, more fuel-efficient vehicles, airplanes and ships, to innovative paint systems that help our customers reduce their energy consumption, conserve water and reduce waste.

2016 BY THE NUMBERS >

We have a goal of achieving abovemarket organic growth in each business and region by solving our customers' most pressing problems while improving productivity in their operations. We continue to leverage our scale while presenting "One PPG" to delight customers with our superior products and service. PPG remains in a position of strength as we ended the year with nearly $1.9 billion of cash and short-term investments providing us with financial flexibility going forward. We continue to believe that coatings remains a consolidating industry and our acquisition pipeline remains active across geographies and end use markets. And of course, share repurchases will remain an important element of our capital allocation strategy. In the coming year, we will be faced with an evolving economic and regulatory environment. Despite this, we expect improved momentum in overall global economic growth with gradually improving growth rates in developed regions, and continuing but uneven growth in emerging regions. The timeline for growth improvement, however, remains uncertain. We continue to carefully manage costs and identify opportunities to simplify and streamline business processes. As I tell my colleagues around the world, PPG is a great company with talented employees and excellent businesses. I strongly believe our best years are ahead of us. Thank you for your continued interest and investment in PPG.

$

14.8B
NET SALES

+

ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER DILUTED SHARE VS.

7

%*

$

DEPLOYED ON ACQUISITIONS AND SHARE REPURCHASES

1.4B

$

IN CASH AND SHORT TERM INVESTMENTS AT YEAR END

1.9B

$

REPORTED NET INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS

564MM

$

ADJUSTED NET INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS

1.55B

*

Michael H. McGarry
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
* For detailed information regarding these adjustments, refer to the Regulation G reconciliation in Item 7 of the 2016 Form 10-K.

PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM

K

