Record Results. Strategic Growth. Transformative Actions. Superior Returns.
PPG achieved record results in 2014 and further strengthened its position as the world's leading and largest coatings company.
Thanks to our customers and employees throughout the world, 2014 was another successful year for our 131-year-old company, both financially and strategically. We achieved record financial results that have further strengthened our leading position within the global coatings industry. A few of our full-year financial highlights include: We also increased our per share dividend by 10 percent in April, our 43rd consecutive year of increased dividends. Clearly, 2014 was another successful and eventful year for PPG, and one that was recognized favorably by the equity market with PPG stock appreciating about 22 percent in 2014, on top of a 40 percent gain the prior year. As we look forward into 2015, we expect sales of our coatings businesses to approach 95 percent of PPG's total sales. We are well positioned to benefit from continuing global growth due to our broad geographic reach, excellent product offering, and pipeline of new and innovative products. Additionally, we will maintain our heritage of operational excellence and cost management. Our balance sheet remains strong, giving us ongoing flexibility to deploy cash for earnings accretion. In years 2015 and 2016 combined, we anticipate deploying cash of $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion for acquisitions and share repurchases to drive earnings growth. We also plan to make important capital investments that will expand our production capacity and strengthen our capabilities to serve customers in several growing markets. Of course, we also plan to continue our legacy of paying an attractive dividend to our shareholders. We are committed to continuing to deliver on our growth strategy, while maintaining the values and culture that have enabled our success. This includes our commitment to safety, compliance, ethics, diversity and sustainability. Around the world, our employees made progress toward our aggressive sustainability goals by improving employee safety, health and well-being; strengthening our pipeline of sustainable products; and increasing energy efficiency across our global operations and for our customers. Thank you for your continued interest in PPG. I believe our best days are ahead as we strengthen our leadership position in the expanding global coatings industry.

· · · ·

Record net sales from continuing operations of $15.4 billion, an increase of 8 percent; Record adjusted earnings per diluted share from continuing operations of $9.75, up 27 percent; Record earnings from each major region; and Record cash flow of $1.8 billion from continuing operations.

Our employees from around the world made these results possible by delivering high-quality, innovative and sustainable solutions that customers trust to protect and beautify their products and surroundings. You can read more about our financial results within the Annual Report's Form 10-K. PPG also completed several important strategic acquisitions in 2014 to drive future earnings growth. Most notably, we acquired Comex, the leading architectural coatings company in Mexico. This was the second largest acquisition in PPG's history and positions us as the number one coatings company in this important and growing economy. We are pleased to have added this high-quality business to the PPG family. We also made several targeted acquisitions that strengthened our diverse coatings product portfolio, such as The Homax Group, Hi-Temp Coatings and Canal Supplies. We also continued the transformation of our product portfolio by finalizing the sale of our ownership interest in the Transitions Optical joint venture and PPG's wholly-owned sunlens business, and a glass manufacturing facility in Mt. Zion, Illinois. We've included more details about each of our strategic and transformative actions during the year in the "Milestones" section of this report. In 2014, we continued to reinvest for growth and returned cash to shareholders as we deployed a total of more than $4.1 billion to grow the businesses and reward shareholders. This included:

· · ·

$587 million in capital spending for expansion of our businesses and for modernization and productivity improvements; Approximately $2.5 billion spent on acquisitions (including repayment of debt acquired); and More than $1.1 billion returned to shareholders through dividends paid totaling $361 million and share repurchases totaling $750 million, or approximately 3.8 million shares.

Charles E. Bunch Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

2014 Annual Report and Form 10-K

1

