Letter From the Chairman
Our performance in 2004 was nothing less than impressive. Net income was up more than 35 percent, sales reached a record high and we enjoyed volume growth in all regions of the world. Our coatings seg- ment generated record sales and earnings. Our flat glass and chlor-alkali plants, meanwhile, saw their operating rates climb throughout the year. And we generated more than $1 billion in cash from operations.
Our success in 2004 is a direct result of our actions to unlock the vast potential of PPG and its people, enabling us to make the most of the improved global economy. And the proof is in our results.
Raymond W. LeBoeuf, seated, chairman and chief executive officer, and Charles E. Bunch, president and chief operating officer.
3
 2004 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.

 ARCHITECTURAL COATINGS in the United States is a market worth more than $7 billion, with significant growth opportunities for PPG as a result of industry consolidation. With a presence in all three distribution channels — company-owned stores, home centers and independent dealers — PPG has approximately a 10-percent share with plenty of room for growth. PPG has driven growth by building the market’s third-largest company-owned store network, with more than 300 locations focused on serving professional painters with multiple regional brands they prefer over national brands. Expansion of com- pany-owned stores and growth in home centers, which cater to do-it-yourself consumers, are expected to drive continued growth.
  4
We recorded net income of $683 million, or $3.95 a share, on sales of $9.5 billion. Our results benefited from higher vol- umes in all our businesses, higher selling prices in our chlor- alkali business and strong manufacturing efficiencies, producing higher operating margins despite significantly higher raw mate- rial and energy costs. In 2003 we recorded net income of $494 million, or $2.89 a share, on sales of $8.8 billion.
CASH FLOW, COST REDUCTIONS REMAIN COMPANY HALLMARKS
Once again in 2004 we delivered strong cash flow, and once again we used our cash position to benefit shareholders.
We repurchased $100 million of our shares in 2004, and announced plans in early 2005 to purchase up to $500 million of shares by year-end. Since the mid-1980s, we have reduced out- standing shares by more than a third.
Also in 2004 we increased the dividend payment, now at an annual rate of $1.80. This marked the 33rd consecutive year of increased shareholder payments.
Other uses of cash in 2004 included the prudent fund- ing of our businesses, with capital spending, including acquisitions, totaling about $300 million. Acquisitions in optical products and architectural and industrial coatings continue to interest us, though we do not anticipate any large transactions in the near term.
Also in 2004 we reduced debt by more than $300 million, lowering our debt-to-total capital ratio to 27 percent from 36 percent in 2003. In addition, we made voluntary con- tributions to our pension plans in 2004. Given all these payments, we still ended the year with $700 million of cash on hand.
An important and continuing source of cash at PPG is our relentless quest to reduce costs. In 2004 we generated more than $150 million in manufacturing efficiencies, which was a contributing factor in our 10-percent improvement in productivity. During the past six years, manufacturing efficiencies have reduced costs by more than $500 million, driven by our continuing commitment to our Quality Process.
2004 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.

 Regional expansion is a driving force in the growth of INDUSTRIAL COATINGS as customers shift operations to low-cost regions, especially Asia. Since 2002, PPG’s operating income in Asia has more than doubled, with industrial coatings playing a significant role in that growth, serving markets ranging from consumer electronics and appliances to agricultural and construction equipment. To generate additional growth, PPG’s industrial coatings business is leveraging its expertise in electrodeposition coatings to expand its presence further in Asia. PPG is also targeting central and eastern Europe for growth as manufacturing in those regions continues to expand. With about half of the $16-billion global industrial coatings market served by small, regional companies, PPG has the ability to continue growing as industry consolidation continues.
  Our hallmarks of generating cash and reducing costs form the foundation upon which rests our three-point plan to increase earnings growth and consistency. Those strategies are to:
• Build A Better Mix Of Businesses
• Create Breakthrough Products
• Improve Our Customers’ Results
BUILD A BETTER MIX OF BUSINESSES
We have invested $3.2 billion in our coatings segment during the past eight years, two-thirds in the form of acquisi- tions. Combined with the 1998 divestiture of European flat and automotive glass, one of our most cyclical businesses, we have reduced our capital intensity, or fixed assets as a percent of sales, to 26 percent in 2004 from 37 percent in 1997, better enabling us to manage the ups and downs of the economy.
This better mix of businesses has also significantly improved our cash flow. In the recession of 2001, we actually increased cash from operations. And in the three years since, we have generated more than $3 billion in cash from operations, a
more than 40-percent improvement over the three years after the 1991 recession. While providing growth today, our acquisitions have created a foundation from which we can generate further growth. Some of those businesses are featured on these pages. Meanwhile, the businesses we targeted for cash generation — such as flat glass, automotive OEM glass and chlor-alkali and derivatives — are producing strong results thanks to improvements they have made in efficiency and productivity.
CREATE BREAKTHROUGH PRODUCTS
Technology has been the backbone of our company since the day it was founded, and in recent years we have expanded our collaborations with universities, national labs and other companies throughout the world, successfully accelerating our ability to bring new products to market. A perfect example is Trivex lens material, the first and only to feature all three highly desirable attributes for eyewear: excellent optics, impact resistance and light weight. We teamed with a company that created a lightweight, bullet-resistant material for eyeshields in military
5
2004 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.

 Improving the results of AUTOMOTIVE REFINISH customers is a critical element in PPG’s growth strategy. In addition to manufacturing paints for the automotive aftermarket, PPG created and manages the CertifiedFirst alliance of collision shops, which meet high standards for quality and customer satisfaction as determined by independent third parties. Insurance companies, the largest buyers of auto body repair, can be assured of professionalism and courtesy, critical elements of policy- holder satisfaction. Car owners, meanwhile, can be assured of high quality, guaranteed repairs. And PPG benefits by increasing demand for its products sold through CertifiedFirst participating shops. Automotive refinish is also growing its presence in the light industrial and fleet markets while expand- ing its reach in Asia along with central and eastern Europe.
  6
applications, and in less than two years, developed an award- winning product that is taking share from competitive technologies. Our quest to form technical collaborations extends in all directions, even across our own company. Researchers at our coatings labs in Allison Park, Pa., and their counterparts at our chemical labs in Monroeville, Pa., worked together in developing a breakthrough process for bringing the power of the photochromic technology in Transitions lenses to the fastest- growing lens substrates in the world — polycarbonate, high index and Trivex monomers. As a direct result of our research and development collaborations, PPG’s optical products business is
positioned to generate continued growth.
IMPROVE OUR CUSTOMERS’ RESULTS
The purpose of building a better mix of businesses and cre- ating breakthrough products is to improve our customers’ results. Whether it’s our coated glass products that can help reduce heating and cooling costs by as much as 30 percent or more, or the automotive refinish primer that reduces application
and cure time from one hour to 10 minutes, or any of our products and services, we continuously apply technology and innovation so that we can meet and anticipate customer requirements.
Our success in building a better mix of businesses, creating breakthrough products and improving our customers’ results has not only improved our performance but positioned us to gener- ate further growth. During the past four economic cycles, dating to 1968, we have grown earnings per share at a rate of 9 percent per year, surpassing the S&P 500 by three points.
PPG PEOPLE VITAL TO OUR SUCCESS
Our performance in 2004 is a direct reflection on PPG employees throughout the world. Their hard work and commit- ment to continuous improvement played a vital role in our success. Among their accomplishments in 2004 was a 15-percent reduction in our company’s injury and illness rate. Although I’m pleased with this improvement, one injury, one illness, either on the job or away from work, is one too many.
2004 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.

 OPTICAL PRODUCTS is a continuing source of growth by bringing technical innovation to the marketplace, backed by marketing, education and strong relationships throughout the value chain. Leading the way is Transitions lenses, the undisputed leader in photochromic plastic lenses. The fifth generation of this product, debuting in early 2005, grows darker than previous editions and fades back to clear even faster. To support strong ties with eyecare professionals, Transitions Optical, PPG’s 51-percent-owned joint venture with Essilor International, promotes consumer education about the importance of healthy vision and the role eyecare professionals and Transitions lenses play in achieving it. In monomers, meanwhile, retail sales continue to grow for Trivex lens material, the first and only to feature all three highly desirable attributes for eyewear: excellent optics, impact resistance and light weight.
  Retiring from our board of directors in April will be Allen J. Krowe. Since 1987 he has provided PPG with leadership and counsel, which have contributed significantly to our company’s growth and success.
Sadly, we lost a key member of the PPG family in 2004 when Mike Ludlow, senior vice president, OEM coatings, died in November. He was an outstanding leader, a good friend and an inspiration throughout his courageous, year-long struggle against leukemia.
CONTINUED GROWTH LIKELY IN 2005
We believe global economic expansion will continue in 2005, although probably at a slower pace. As the new year unfolds, we face the challenge of higher raw material costs in our coatings segment as a result of increased industrial activity, supply-demand imbalances and increased supplier costs. These same forces should benefit our chlor-alkali business through at least the first half of 2005.
Nonetheless, we are better positioned to face variations in the global economy than we were five or 10 years ago — and we’re better positioned than many of our peers — largely because of our better business mix.
Regardless of economic conditions, we remain committed to generating cash, driving down costs and generating profitable growth. I’m convinced that with your ongoing support we can continue to unlock the potential of this organization for the benefit of customers, employees and shareholders, delivering meaningful and long-term value.
RAYMOND W. LeBOEUF
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
7
 2004 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K PPG INDUSTRIES, INC.
