   Charles E. Bunch
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Letter from the Chairman
In 2008, PPG not only made great progress toward reshaping itself into a more focused coatings and specialty products company, but also began to reap the benefits of those changes.
In January 2008, PPG acquired SigmaKalon Group, a worldwide coatings producer previously based in Uithoorn, Netherlands. SigmaKalon brought to PPG strong architectural paint, protective and marine coatings and industrial coatings businesses, as well as a solid presence in Western Europe and growing positions in emerging regions such as Eastern Europe, Asia and Africa. This acquisition greatly expanded our international business, extended our participation in various end-use markets, and sharply increased the proportion of sales coming from coatings. The acquisition has, by all measures, outperformed our expectations.
In September, we completed the divestiture
of our automotive glass and services business, which significantly reduces PPG’s exposure to the U.S. automotive market. PPG holds a minority ownership interest in the new company, Pittsburgh Glass Works LLC.
As a result of these and other actions, about 80 percent of our current portfolio consists
of coatings, optical products and specialty materials, versus two years ago when these businesses accounted for about 65 percent
of sales. What’s more, now, less than 50 percent of our sales are in the United States and Canada, versus two years ago when it was about 70 percent. This sharpened focus and enhanced geographic footprint were implemented to achieve exactly what we experienced in 2008... solid earnings despite headwinds in certain markets or regions.
Clearly, 2008 was a difficult and dynamic year. Early in the period, we experienced
rapid inflation, including skyrocketing raw material, energy and freight costs. Fortunately, we anticipated these increased costs and implemented pricing initiatives that offset
this inflation.
Later in the year, the unforeseen global economic downturn had a sharply negative impact on most of our businesses. PPG again responded quickly. We accelerated some of the actions planned for our integration of SigmaKalon, and took additional steps to mirror shifts in our customer industries. We announced a restructuring plan to result in approximately $100 million in pretax annual cost savings, and, as part of the initiative, several
PPG manufacturing facilities in the United States, Canada and Europe will be closed or idled.
This ability to swiftly adapt our businesses to sudden economic shifts – along with our broader global presence – aided our financial results.
In 2008, PPG posted record sales of $15.8 billion, up 30 percent versus the prior year. And, while our earnings decreased, it’s important to note
that this decline reflected the cost of restructuring and one-time costs related to the SigmaKalon acquisition and otherwise occurred primarily in the fourth quarter when global industrial demand collapsed. Despite this, PPG generated about $1.4 billion of cash, up nearly 40 percent from the prior year and ended the year with $1 billion of cash on hand. This gives us tremendous financial flexibility, which is critical in today’s business climate.
PPG is continuing to adapt to an extremely difficult and volatile global economy. That said, we are also staying the course and implementing key strategies to transform our company. Our performance this past year under intensely difficult market conditions continues to validate the strength of our portfolio and the success of our strategic direction.
While we expect the challenging business environment to continue into 2009, PPG has a strong 125-year-old track record of decisively managing through business cycles and economic downturns. Moreover, unlike in the past, we now have the added benefits of a better business mix and a stronger global presence, together with a strong cash position as we
begin the year. Combined with PPG’s long- standing, prudent fiscal discipline, I believe that PPG remains strongly positioned to continue to reward shareholders well into the future.
Charles E. Bunch
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 2008 Annual Report
| 2
