Chairman's Letter

James H. Miller Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Dear Shareowners, When my structural engineering colleagues are designing a facility, they concentrate on essential forces to ensure that it will be stable and sound for an extended period of time. They intensely examine factors such as tension, compression and shear. As a result, the best-designed structures are able to withstand hurricanes, fires and even earthquakes. Similarly, a company's business model must be designed to deliver value for shareowners whether it is being stressed by financial, macroeconomic and market uncertainty or it is humming along in relatively predictable, prosperous times. I know I don't have to tell you that our business model, along with those of all companies in our sector, has

been subjected to unprecedented stresses over the past couple of years. What did we find out? We found that our business model ­ a mix of high-performing electricity generating, marketing and delivery companies built on a strong foundation of excellent assets and extraordinary people ­ was able to withstand the ravages of what may have been the worst market and financial conditions in the history of our industry. Based on the experience and hard work of PPL employees in the U.S. and the U.K., we delivered 2009 earnings from ongoing operations of $1.95 per share, exceeding our forecast for the year. While this is slightly lower than our ongoing earnings in 2008, it is 11 percent

2

PPL Corporation 2009 Annual Report

higher than the midpoint of our challenging business plan for 2009. This result was made possible by our aggressive actions early in the year to lock in wholesale energy prices and to rein in costs across the company, while maintaining safe and efficient operations in all of our businesses and delivering customer service that ranks among the best in the utility sector on two continents. In 2009, the people of PPL continued to concentrate on the dayto-day basics of safety, productivity and execution excellence while not losing sight of the objective of building long-term value for shareowners. There were significant highlights on both fronts: · Generation records at our Colstrip,

Susquehanna and Brunner Island power plants as well as at our Montana hydroelectric dams.

· A transition to a competitive electricity market in Pennsylvania, ending more than a decade of generation price caps. As part of the transition, we are providing customers with extensive information on wise energy use and on their generation supply options. · A decision to move ahead with major hydroelectric expansions in Pennsylvania and Montana. · Continued progress on our construction and operating license application to preserve an option to build a new nuclear unit in Pennsylvania. · Successful completion of a rate

*Assumes investing $100 on Dec. 31, 2004, and reinvesting dividends in PPL common stock, S&P 500® and EEI Index of Investor-owned Electric Utilities.
PPL Corporation 2009 Annual Report

3

Chairman's Letter

review process in the United Kingdom for the next five years.

· Completion of the secondlargest construction project in the company's history -- the installation of scrubbers and other environmental controls at our coalfired power plants in Pennsylvania -- on time and within budget.
I'm also pleased to report that we had one of the safest years in company history. Looking ahead to 2010, we're forecasting earnings of $3.10 to $3.50 per share. Achieving the midpoint of this range would result in a nearly 70 percent increase over our 2009 earnings from ongoing operations. I can assure you that all of us at PPL remain highly focused on delivering total shareowner returns that exceed comparable investment options available to you. As you can see on the chart on the previous page, a $100 investment in PPL at the end of 2004 would have grown, assuming reinvestment of dividends, to nearly $144 by the end of last year, outperforming both the S&P 500® Index and the Edison Electric Institute Index of Investor-owned Electric Utilities. We also are committed to a strong dividend, which we know is very important to you. Recently, for the eighth year in a row, we announced a dividend increase, bringing our annualized level to $1.40 per share. It's also important to note that we

now have paid a dividend for 257 consecutive quarters. Uncertainty, of course, remains our constant companion. We don't know, for instance, when the economy will turn around. We don't know when, or if, we'll see new environmental and renewable energy policies that will totally change the game in our industry. We don't know when wholesale electricity prices will move higher. We can't predict the pace of technological developments that may make alternative energy more economical or carbon dioxide capture and sequestration feasible for large power plants. There is one thing we do know, however. We know that our business model is built to deliver in a wide range of business conditions and that we will never lose our focus on growing the value of your investment. On behalf of all the employees of PPL, thank you for your continued investment in our company.

Sincerely,

James H. Miller Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 5, 2010

4

PPL Corporation 2009 Annual Report

