William F. Hecht
CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 Dear Shareowners,
Challenges, opportunities and accomplishments marked 2004 as another successful year in
the growth of PPL Corporation:
• Our regulated Pennsylvania subsidiary, PPL
Electric Utilities, was awarded a $194 million increase in annual revenue by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission.
• In the United Kingdom, the electricity reg- ulator awarded the company’s subsidiaries – Western Power Distribution-Southwest and Western Power Distribution-South Wales – a slight increase in distribution prices, while
praising our customer service as the best
in England, Scotland and Wales.
• PPL Generation, our domestic unregulated
generation subsidiary, completed a complex maintenance and modification project at the Susquehanna Unit 1 nuclear plant, increasing the unit’s generating capacity by 50 megawatts.
• PPL Generation also brought into service our newest power plant, a 600-megawatt gas-fired facility located in Lower Mount Bethel, Pennsylvania.
PPL CORPORATION 2004 ANNUAL REPORT 13

• PPL Corporation met the stringent require- ments of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, a major undertaking that provided confidence to our shareowners that PPL has effective financial reporting controls in place throughout the corporation, including corporate governance controls. This effort, involving hundreds of professionals on three continents, allowed PPL Corporation to be among the first major corporations to be certified under that act.
Even as we achieved these milestones, we continued to enhance our execution of the fundamentals. For the third straight year, our generation company set a record for electricity produced, and our regulated distribution subsidiaries won recognition for exemplary customer service.
In 2004, we again demonstrated the validity of our strategy, developed a number of years ago. That strategy has resulted in the expan- sion of both our electricity delivery operations and our generation operations. This has led to our purchase of electricity distribution companies in England, Wales, Chile, El Salvador and Bolivia. We also have acquired or built power plants
in Montana, Maine, Connecticut, New York, Arizona, Illinois and Pennsylvania.
“Today, 12,000 PPL people on three continents are dedicated to delivering on the promises that we make to you, our shareowners, and to our customers around the world.”
We embarked on this strategy to grow shareowner value. We did so understanding that such a strategy is not an end in itself. On the contrary, this strategy, which is built for long-term sustainable growth, requires superb operating performance. So, it is our confidence in the ability and dedication of PPL people that enables us to continue to build on the solid base we established through our first 75 years as a Pennsylvania- based electricity company.
Today, 12,000 PPL people on three conti- nents are dedicated to delivering on the promises that we make to you, our shareowners, and to our customers around the world. Every day, these employees leave their homes and travel to customers, power plants, service depots and office buildings, bringing with them knowledge and experience that are among the best in the energy business. Our corporate strategy depends on our employees performing at levels that
14 PPL CORPORATION 2004 ANNUAL REPORT

are significantly above average today – and on finding ways to do even better tomorrow. The results speak for themselves. Your
company continues to be one of the most successful in the industry, with its stock price increasing by 133 percent over the past five years, a rate that is more than seven times faster than the Dow Jones Utilities Average® over that period.
Also over the past five years, PPL’s common stock price has grown at a greater rate than all but three of the FORTUNE 500® utility compa- nies. In 2004, we also significantly outperformed the Standard & Poor’s® 500, with our stock price growing at 21.8 percent, compared with a 9 percent increase in that index.
In addition, for the fourth year in a row, we have increased our dividend. At $1.84 per share on an annualized basis, the dividend has increased by more than 70 percent over the past four years. We also announced recently that it is our policy to continue to grow our dividend at a rate exceeding our projected rate of growth in earnings per share from ongoing operations, until we reach a payout ratio in the 50 percent range.
As we look to the future, your company will continue to find ways to provide long-term,
sustainable growth. We will continue to be
a major supplier of electricity in key markets, searching for expansion opportunities that provide you with clear benefits. We also will continue to provide the best in electricity delivery services to nearly 5 million customers on three continents.
Your company has an excellent strategy in place. We have the right people to carry out that strategy. PPL also has another valuable advantage: We know that success is not guar- anteed. Rather, it is earned day-by-day by paying attention to the basics and executing on new opportunities.
On behalf of all 12,000 people of PPL, I pledge our continued dedication to living up to the confidence that you have placed in us.
WILLIAM F. HECHT
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer March 18, 2005
 PPL CORPORATION 2004 ANNUAL REPORT 15
