 Dear Shareowners,
In 2005, as much as in any year during the decade-long transformation of your company, the benefits of our efforts came into focus.
In late summer, we announced that we were doubling
our long-term earnings growth forecast, splitting our stock and increasing our dividend. Early this year, we increased the dividend again — for the third time in 13 months — and signifi- cantly increased our long-term forecast once again.
Our annualized dividend is now $1.10 per share, more than double its level of just five years ago.
William F. Hecht–Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
PPL CORPORATION 2005 ANNUAL REPORT 1

Earnings per Share Growth Projection
$3.00
$2.00
$1.00
$0.00
**Midpoint of $2.15 to $2.25 forecast.
 $4.00
  $.0
$.0**
$.0
     As I write to you today, I am very pleased to tell
you that we now project an 11 percent compound annual growth in earnings per share through 2010. This fore- cast is based on very visible growth prospects, driven primarily by our supply operation, which includes our generation and marketing functions.
We are able to make these exceptionally strong growth forecasts because we have in place a business model that provides us with opportunities to succeed in a wide variety of market and economic conditions.
In 2005, for instance, we were able to improve our earnings from ongoing operations by 11 percent despite very tight margins in wholesale electricity markets and some unexpected outages at our power plants. This was largely due to the strong performance of our electricity delivery operations in Pennsylvania and internation- ally, which contributed nearly half of our earnings from ongoing operations, up from about 40 percent in 2004.
As you know, however, any business model is only as good as an organization’s ability to execute — to ensure each day that it is getting the most out of the resources entrusted to it. PPL’s continued attention to its business fundamentals has been a major contributor as we have built the company into a successful electricity delivery, generation and marketing company.
In this year’s annual report, some of our executives
tell the story of PPL’s focus, of the principles of execu- tion that underpin our success in the very competitive electricity business.
These discussions also underscore another strength of PPL — the experience, insight and enthusiasm of our employees. Through our long-standing commitment to attracting and developing the best talent available, we have assembled a superb employee team — one that is extraordinarily well-prepared to continue to grow value for you.
Heading the team is Jim Miller, our current president, who will replace me as chairman and chief executive officer of your company when I retire later this year.
I have had the pleasure of working daily with Jim over the past five years, and I know that I speak for the entire board of directors in expressing our confidence that
Jim has the insight, intelligence and management talent to meet the challenges of tomorrow, capitalizing on
the right opportunities for you. Jim brought decades
of executive experience to PPL when he came here and has been instrumental in fashioning the business model that permits us to forecast double-digit annual earnings growth through the remainder of this decade.
Jim also shares my conviction that our prospects for future success are only as good as our ability to execute the strategies we have in place.
1 PPL CORPORATION 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
2005 2006 2010
Target
 *Compound Annual Growth Rate forecast, based on 2005 earnings of $2.08 per share from ongoing operations. See page 98 for the definition of earnings from ongoing operations, a reconciliation of reported earnings from ongoing operations and key assumptions in this forecast.
11% Compound Annual Growth Rate*

      Comparison of -year
Cumulative Total Return* $175
$150
$125
$100 Investor-owned $75
$1. $1.1
$10.
12/31/05
    PPL Corporation
  Edison Electric Institute Index of
  Electric Utilities
S&P 500® Index
*Assumes investing $100 on Dec. 31, 2000, and reinvesting dividends in PPL common stock, S&P 500® Index and EEI Index of Investor-owned Electric Utilities.
$50
  That’s why we’ve worked tirelessly to ensure that PPL people, at all levels of our organization, are committed
to achieving the challenging objectives that we have
laid out for ourselves. Objectives like industry-leading performance of our power plants, customer service ratings that are unsurpassed in the countries in which we do business and superior safety performance. Our employees understand that achievement of best-in-the- sector performance is our objective in everything
we do.
Inherent in our high expectations is an understanding that we are prepared to cope with unexpected challenges and capitalize on unexpected opportunities; that we are adept at calculating our risk and at developing contin- gency plans in advance of the potential need. While it is a truism that no one can hope to predict the future, we can — and do — anticipate a range of outcomes, meaning we are ready to act when the need arises.
Thus, in 2005, we were able to respond affirmatively and comprehensively to a range of events, from an uncharacteristic environmental problem at our Martins Creek power plant to providing crews to help Gulf Coast utilities restore service following severe hurricanes to avoiding unexpected cost pressures when fuel prices rose.
Our persistent focus on fundamentals permits us to confidently forecast growth that would improve our
earnings to $3.50 per share in 2010, an increase of
more than 65 percent from 2005 earnings from ongoing operations. Our focus also has enabled us to significantly outperform the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index® and the Edison Electric Institute Index of Investor-Owned Electric Utilities over both the past five years and
the past 10 years.
As we look to the future, I am confident that the people of PPL will continue to identify—and take advantage
of — opportunities to grow your company in a sustainable way. PPL will continue to be a major electricity supplier in key markets. We also will continue to provide the best in electricity delivery services to more than 5 million customers on three continents.
Speaking on behalf of the 12,000 employees of your company, I thank you for the confidence you have placed in us. I pledge our continued hard work — and a steadfast focus on the principles that continue to grow value for you.
William F. Hecht
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 20, 2006
12/31/00
12/31/01
12/31/02
12/31/03
12/31/04
 PPL CORPORATION 2005 ANNUAL REPORT 1
