MESSAGE TO SHAREOWNERS

In every way, 2015 was about strengthening PPL's foundation for long-term growth and success.

DEAR SHAREOWNERS,
Without a doubt, 2015 was a remarkable year for our company. PPL once again delivered strong results for you and for the 10 million customers who count on us each day to power their lives. We did so while holding true to the values that have made us successful for nearly a century. Our total shareowner return of more than 6 percent was second to none among large-cap utilities and among the best overall in our sector. We increased our dividend for the 13th time in 14 years, grew per-share ongoing earnings by 9 percent, successfully delivered more than $3.5 billion in infrastructure improvements, strengthened reliability for our customers and continued to deliver award-winning customer service. We accomplished all this while completing the most significant transaction in our company's history ­ the June spino f of our competitive generation business. That move capped PPL's strategic transformation into one of the nation's largest purely regulated utility companies. In every way, 2015 was about strengthening PPL's foundation for long-term growth and success. And it was dedicated to investing in the future ­ for you, for our customers and for the communities where we do business. Looking forward, we intend to build on this foundation for sustainable growth by: Investing in tomorrow's energy infrastructure Just as we've invested heavily in e forts to modernize the grid in recent years, we will continue to invest in tomorrow's energy infrastructure. Over the next five years alone, we plan to spend more than $16 billion on infrastructure improvements, much of that dedicated to developing a more reliable, resilient and e ficient grid. Throughout the areas we serve, we're replacing aging infrastructure with newer, stronger and better protected equipment to prevent outages. We're expanding transmission to reinforce the grid and deliver cost savings to energy users. In Pennsylvania, we're incorporating new sensors, automation and technology that allow us to quickly restore power to many customers before we even dispatch crews to trouble spots. And in the United Kingdom, we're testing innovative ways to enable the widespread adoption of low-carbon, distributed generation in ways that are compatible with delivery networks. Our many projects include partnering with a solar company to develop one of the first industrial-scale battery storage facilities connected to solar and the grid.

PPL Corporation 2015 Annual Report

I

Strengthening the diversity of our generation leet In Kentucky, we're taking steps to increase the diversity of our regulated generation portfolio and to continue to make environmental improvements to existing coal-fired power plants. In 2015, we successfully brought on line a new, cleanerburning, combined-cycle natural gas plant and completed the retirement of about 800 megawatts of coal-fired generation. Today, we are also building the state's largest solar generating facility and exploring additional ways to provide utility customers with more renewable energy. In addition, we're laying the groundwork for a multi-year e fort to cap and close remaining ash ponds at coal-fired facilities. Driving continuous improvement and exceeding customer expectations The key to our continued success is delivering power and natural gas safely, reliably and a fordably. We have built an outstanding reputation for customer service and satisfaction at our utilities. Our four Western Power Distribution utilities remain the top four performers for customer service in the U.K., while our combined U.S. utility operations have received numerous awards for customer satisfaction. We consider this a great foundation upon which to build a strong future. Our long-term goal is to be among the best performers in the areas that matter most ­ safety, reliability, customer satisfaction and responsiveness. And we aim to do that while maintaining competitive rates and investing in our systems and people.

Creating long-term shareholder value We believe this drive and determination to continuously improve, coupled with fiscal discipline and strategic investments, will create long-term value for you, our shareowners. Moreover, as we move forward as a purely regulated utility business, our focus has never been clearer. We're led by a strong, experienced, diverse and independent board, and we're powered by a workforce that is driven to provide outstanding results for our customers and shareowners. Last but not least, we have a proven track record of delivering on our commitments ­ to our customers and our shareowners. In short, we are well-positioned to deliver strong earnings growth, a competitive dividend, and long-term value. Today, I am absolutely convinced that our best days are ahead, and I am thankful for the confidence and trust you've placed in the people of PPL. Sincerely,

William H. Spence Chairman, President and Chief Executive O ficer

II

PPL Corporation 2015 Annual Report

