Dear Shareowners,
As I write to you for the first time as chairman of your company, I am pleased to report that PPL is strong, growing and exceedingly well-positioned to thrive in the constantly evolving electricity sector.
My optimism for PPL’s future is built on the foundation
of three essential building blocks: exceptional people, extraordinary assets and a proven business model. This strong foundation is the basis for a business plan that projects 2010 earnings per share which are 90 percent higher than what we earned as recently as 2004. We also plan to grow our dividend over the next few years at a rate higher than the growth rate in the company’s earnings per share.
Our growth plan is not driven by rosy market assumptions or by a wish list of things we might accomplish. It is very realistic, based on visible components, and is reasonable in its assump- tions about future electricity prices, fuel costs and electricity use.
This growth is enabled by a business model that allows us to take advantage of the best attributes of both unregulated and regulated electricity businesses.
In the unregulated supply business, our low-cost generating assets in the mid-Atlantic region, the world’s largest competitive wholesale electricity market, and in Montana enable us to take advantage of robust electricity prices, growing value for shareowners.
On the other hand, our regulated domestic and inter- national electricity delivery businesses provide us with solid, predictable earnings and cash flow.
Any business model can succeed when the sun is shining. The real test comes when the skies turn cloudy.
In 2006, your company weathered significant storms – both figuratively and literally – to produce excellent results. In fact, despite the effects of milder-than-normal weather, unexpected power plant outages and increased costs result- ing from severe storms in our electricity delivery territories, we achieved earnings of $2.22 per share from ongoing operations – the highest such earnings in PPL’s history. In doing so, our employees also achieved PPL’s best safety performance in 16 years.
Our 2006 performance provides further proof that your company is capable of achieving outstanding results in a wide range of scenarios and market conditions. Driving our success in 2006 was the excellent performance of our energy market- ing operation, which captured improved margins despite challenging market conditions. And, our international delivery operations, led by excellent performance at Western Power Distribution in the United Kingdom, exceeded expectations.
Focusing on the fundamentals and managing the details continue to be key attributes in PPL’s success.
One of the points that I make regularly with PPL employees is this: We have an excellent business model and a superb strategy for growing value for shareowners. But neither the business model nor the growth strategy will deliver value for shareowners if we don’t execute, if we don’t do the job right the first time, every time.
Our employees enthusiastically support this concept. In fact, this year’s annual report provides you with some excellent examples of the ways in which PPL goes beyond the expected to deliver extraordinary results.
This commitment to “business as unusual” has resulted
in highly unusual results for you, the owners of our company. In 2006, our total return was more than 26 percent. And, over the past 10 years, PPL’s total return has been 373 percent, compared with 124 percent for the S&P 500® Index.
As I mentioned earlier, we are continuing to grow our dividend. With the February announcement of an 11 percent increase, our annualized dividend is now $1.22 per share, 130 percent higher than it was just six years ago.
Even though our solid business plan is capable of delivering significant earnings growth, we are not relaxing our focus on continuing to further grow value for you.
Rather, we are aggressively pursuing a number of opportunities that would add to the baseline growth we now forecast.
First, we are expanding the capabilities and strategies of our marketing operation to obtain additional value from our supply business. These efforts include expanding the
PPL Corporation 2006 Annual Report 

 Financial Highlights
For the years ended December 31
Financial
Operating revenues (millions) (a) $
2005
$ 6,179
678
798
1.79
1.77
2.10
2.08
0.96
17,926
11.62
29.40
3.27%
54%
46%
253%
16.61
14.13
2.6
15.65%
18.16%
39,413 33,768 37,358 33,146 11,830
5.2 $ 811
Net income (millions) (b)
Earnings from ongoing operations (millions) (b)
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
Basic earnings per share – ongoing operations (b)(c)
Diluted earnings per share – ongoing operations (b)(c)
Dividends declared per share
Total assets (millions) (d)
Book value per share (d)
Market price per share (d)
Dividend yield (d)
Dividend payout ratio (e)
Dividend payout ratio – ongoing operations (c)(e)
Market/book value ratio (d)
Price/earnings ratio (d)(e)
Price/earnings ratio – ongoing operations (c)(d)(e)
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges
Return on average common equity
Return on average common equity – ongoing operations (c)
Operating
Domestic – Electric energy supplied – retail (millions of kwh) Domestic – Electric energy supplied – wholesale (millions of kwh) Domestic – Electric energy delivered (millions of kwh) International – Electric energy delivered (millions of kwh)
006
6,899
865
858
.7
.4
.5
.
.0
9,747
.0
5.84
.07%
49%
50%
69%
6.00
6.4
.0
7.8%
7.47%
8,80 ,8 6,68 ,5
                                       Net system capacity (megawatts) (d) ,556 Number of customers (millions) (d) 5. Capital expenditures (millions) $ ,94
(a) 2005 amount reclassified to conform to the current presentation.
          (b) Net income, or earnings, is a financial measure reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). Net income in 2006 and 2005 was affected by several unusual items. Earnings from ongoing operations excludes the impact of these unusual items. Earnings from ongoing operations should not be considered as an alternative to net income, which is determined in accordance with GAAP, as an indicator of operating performance. PPL believes that earnings from ongoing operations, although a non-GAAP measure, is also useful and meaningful to investors because it provides them with PPL’s underlying earnings performance as another criterion in making their investment decisions. PPL’s management also uses earnings from ongoing operations in measuring certain corporate performance goals. Other companies may use different measures to present financial performance. See page 110 for the definition of earnings from ongoing operations, a reconciliation of earnings from ongoing operations and net income, and key assumptions in PPL’s earnings forecasts.
(c) Calculated using earnings from ongoing operations.
(d) End of period.
(e) Based on diluted earnings per share.
 4 PPL Corporation 2006 Annual Report

  wholesale energy products and services we offer as well as evaluating commercial and industrial retail market oppor- tunities, especially in the mid-Atlantic region. We are making these improvements while ensuring that our market risks are constantly monitored and contained in a manageable range.
Our new products and services are allowing us to further improve the outstanding margins in our energy marketing business. In fact, we already have been very successful in power supply auctions in the mid-Atlantic, West and Midwest regions. We will have even more opportunities in this regard following 2009, when our Pennsylvania long-term supply contract expires.
A second important element of our growth strategy is expansion of our generating portfolio.
These expansion activities fall into three main categories:
• Increases in the electricity production capability at PPL’s plants. We will be adding nearly 350 megawatts of capacity over the next five years, including initiatives at our Susquehanna nuclear plant and our Holtwood hydroelectric station that will increase our ability to produce competitively priced electricity without increasing greenhouse gas emissions. • Potential acquisition of existing plants. We are taking a focused approach in reviewing such opportunities, principally in the mid-Atlantic region.
• Possible new plant construction. We are exploring a wide range of opportunities, including the potential for building new units at our Pennsylvania plant sites and partnering with others to build new facilities.
We also constantly assess our operations to ensure that the resources you entrust to us are deployed in the best manner. This led, in early March, to our decision to seek a buyer for our regulated electricity delivery companies in Chile,
El Salvador and Bolivia. While we had success with this relatively small portion of our portfolio, we had no intention of increasing our investment in Latin America. Since current valua- tions for such solid businesses are high, it is an opportune time for us to redeploy the capital that we have committed there and concentrate on our regulated business activities in the United States and the United Kingdom.
Comparison of 5-year Cumulative Total Return*
PPL Corporation
Edison Electric Institute Index of Investor-owned Electric Utilities
S&P 500® Index
  $246.07
    $181.25
   $135.03
                   $250 $200 $150 $100
$50
12/31/01
12/31/02
12/31/03
12/31/04
12/31/05
12/31/06
         * Assumes investing $100 on December 31, 2001, and reinvesting dividends in PPL common stock, S&P 500® Index and EEI Index of Investor-owned Electric Utilities.
This redeployment of capital is one more example of our attention to detail, our continual focus on ensuring that we’re doing the right thing at the right time.
The people of PPL have delivered exceptional value to you as a shareowner, building a record of success that is among the best in our sector. By identifying and taking advantage of opportunities that may not have been apparent to others, we have ensured that we are well- positioned to continue that record of success.
This does not mean, however, that we are relaxing our vigilance.
Every day, we search for new ways to warrant the confidence you have placed in us. Please be assured that we are very appreciative of your investment in PPL and we never take your confidence for granted.
Sincerely,
James H. Miller
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 30, 2007
 PPL Corporation 2006 Annual Report 5
