@POPE & TALBOT, INC.

Michael Flannery Chairma11, Pre.fide11t a11d CEO

To Our Shareholders:

During 2004, Pope & Talbot returned to profitability with across-the-board price increases for our products. Which in, combination with higher sales volumes increased consolidated revenues by approximately SI SO million. I am very pleased with these improvements in the Company's operating performance and particularly the strong markets for our products. As has been the case since early 2002, the financial benefits of this revenue growth were partially offset by the continued weakening of the U.S dollar, which increased cost of goods sold by approximately $31 million, and the ongoing lumber trade dispute between the U.S. and Canada. During 2004, lumber duties contributed $42 million to the cost of lumber sold.

For the year 2004, Pope & Talbot reported net income of$}1.1 million, or $0.69 per share, compared with a net loss of$24.8 million, or $1.59 per share in 2003.

Capital spending increased in 2004 to $25 million, while our total debt level decreased by $14 million over the past year to $235 million. We improved overall liquidity and financial flexibility through debt reduction, credit facility renewals, and increased credit capacity. Shareholders' equity at year-end 2004 was $164 million, an increase of $17 million, which in combination with the debt reduction resulted in a long-term debt to total capitalization ratio of 58 percent, reduction from.63 percent at year-end 2003.

On December 22, we announced that Pope & Talbot had entered into an agreement to acquire the Fort St. James sawmill, including timber tenures with 640,000 cubic meters of annual allowable cut, from Canfor Corporation. The transaction is currently expected to close in the second quarter of2005 and is a great strategic fit for Pope & Talbot. It places our lumber business in a new geographic region of British Columbia with future opportunity for growth.

Looking ahead, the economy continues to expand, interest rates are low,·and the 2004 price improvements for both pulp and lumber have carried over into 2005. Increases in market prices during the first two months of200S have contributed to a positive outlook for the industry and I anticipate another good year for Pope & Talbot and its shareholders.

We continue to hold the belief that dividends are an important aspect of the Company's policy of providing returns to shareholders and for the first quarter of 2005, the Company's Board of Directors continued the quarterly dividend at
$.08 per share.

The year is off to a good start, with strong demand for the Company's pulp and lumber products. I want to thank our shareholders, customers and employees for their continued support and dedication and I am confident that we can look forward to a bright future.

Finally, I would like to thank Robert S. "Steve" Miller, Jr. for his many years of distinguished service as a director of the Company. Steve, who has been a director since 1993, has decided not to stand for election to the Board when his current term expires on the date of our annual meeting, scheduled for May 5, 2005. We will all miss Steve's counsel and advice and wish him well in his many challenging endeavors.
