 Pope & Talbot . 2000 Annual Report . 2
  To Our Shareholders
Pope & Talbot reported significant earnings growth in 2000 driven by the strong performance of our Pulp Division and pulp market conditions that were favorable for most of the year.
 Seven consecutive quarters of increased pulp prices and historically low industry inventories helped to boost pulp revenue. Our Wood Products Division remained profitable in 2000 despite average lumber prices that declined steadily throughout the year.
In 2000, Pope & Talbot’s earnings were $32.6 million, or $2.24 per diluted share, an increase of 126 percent over 1999’s $14.4 million, or $1.05 per diluted share. This repre- sented a 17 percent return on equity in 2000 – among the highest ROE’s in the industry.
The Company took advantage of this positive per- formance to launch several strategic initiatives aimed at protecting and bolstering shareholder return. Since November 1999, we moved forward on our announced stock repurchase program and bought back just over 1.2 million shares, or approximately nine percent, of our outstanding common stock – in the open market and through block purchases. Additionally, in August, we increased the annual common stock dividend by 36 percent, from 44 cents per share to 60 cents per share.
Over the past two years, we invested $38.6 million into the construction of a new chlorine dioxide bleaching system at our pulp mill in Halsey, Oregon. Completed in November 2000, the system brings the mill into full compliance with the Environmental Protection Agency’s
  Brought to you by Global Reports
Michael Flannery Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

 3 • 2000 Annual Report • Pope & Talbot
  new and stringent “Cluster Rules.” Equally important, it allows Halsey to cut its operating costs by about $7 million annually.
Our Harmac pulp mill in British Columbia, fully acquired by the Company in late 1999, has also begun to realize the benefits of changes introduced over the past two years. Mill production in 2000 was up by 15 percent from 1997 production levels and overall productivity has improved significantly.
On the wood products side, in 2000 we rationalized our lumber operation in the Black Hills by closing our sawmill in Newcastle, Wyoming, and consolidating pro- duction under our larger facility in nearby Spearfish, South Dakota. There, we invested in technology upgrades that have significantly increased lumber recovery and production capacity. Smaller capital improvements at our Canadian sawmills have also led to cost reductions and higher product value.
In keeping with Pope & Talbot’s operating philos- ophy, we accomplished all of these improvements while maintaining a conservative balance sheet and a net debt- to-capitalization ratio of 41 percent at year-end 2000. Total debt over the course of the year was reduced by nine percent.
No major internal capital expenditures are scheduled in 2001. This is fortunate since the economy has slowed much faster than expected, with sky-high natural gas and energy prices adding to the economy’s woes. Industry- wide, lumber prices have deteriorated across the board and pulp prices are starting to weaken.
Our two operating divisions are likely to experience pricing pressures in 2001, but we are entering the year with cash reserves, excess borrowing capacity and sound fundamentals – an excellent position to seize opportuni- ties to expand our pulp and lumber businesses through acquisitions. Moreover, recent capital improvements and cost reduction efforts should place us in a lower cost position and help to buffer us from the commodity market’s downward impact.
 While weakness in paper markets are expected to soften pulp pricing, we believe that European paper consumption will remain good. Over the past few years, we have concentrated on upgrading and diversifying our pulp product mix and broadening and expanding our customer base. We now manufacture five grades of pulp suitable for a wide range of end products. This has allowed us to attract a very stable and reputable cus- tomer base that extends into 28 countries.
The outlook for lumber in 2001 is clouded by the current oversupply in the market. However, the Company enjoys the benefit of a secure fiber source, a position that we zealously protect with sustainable forestry practices that are cognizant of the environment. In December, our Canadian Woodlands Operations earned the coveted ISO 14001 certification for meeting internationally recognized environmental management standards. This honor is just one example of an environmental program that begins in the woods and extends to every aspect of our business. The following section provides other examples of Pope & Talbot’s forest stewardship and environmentally sensitive manufacturing processes.
Two long-time members of our Board of Directors will retire in 2001. We thank Hamilton “Whit” Budge and Brooks Walker, Jr., for their many years of service and invaluable guidance. They shall be missed.
Credit for the successes Pope & Talbot has achieved over the past year must go directly to the skill, hard work and dedication of our employees and the loyalty of our customers and shareholders. We thank you, and look forward to your continued support in the year ahead.
Michael Flannery
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 Brought to you by Global Reports
