 [ 2 ]
Pope & Talbot
To Our Shareholders:
The economic downturn that loomed on the horizon at the close of 2000 spared few businesses in 2001. Pope & Talbot was no exception. Near historic lows in interest rates were insufficient to offset market jitters after the terrorist attacks of September 11th or mitigate cross-border tariffs on lumber imports from Canada. Weak global demand for paper caused pulp prices to fall sharply from the strong markets of 2000.
For the year, Pope & Talbot reported a net loss of $24.9 million, or $1.68 per share, compared to earnings of $32.6 million, or $2.24 per diluted share, in 2000. The non-cash accrual for the import duties on lumber from Canada, preliminarily deter- mined by the U.S. Department of Commerce in August and October, represented 38 percent of the Company’s after-tax loss in 2001, or $.65 per share.
The external forces that affected our earnings, however, did not deter us from keeping our focus on production, logistics and overhead cost reductions. We also maintained our strategy of increasing and improving our position in the pulp business so we could return to higher levels of profitability as the market improves. In June, we purchased the Mackenzie pulp mill from Norske Skog Canada for US$104 million. Approximately 20 percent of the purchase price was paid in Pope & Talbot shares, with the remainder drawn from the company’s existing cash balances as well as expanded and existing committed bank credit agreements.
Located in northern British Columbia, the Mackenzie pulp mill is an efficient, low-cost operation. Today it is known for producing a particularly fine grade of northern bleached softwood kraft (NBSK) pulp from chips and mini-chips. A syner- gistic fit with our existing Harmac and Halsey pulp mills, the Mackenzie facility has given our pulp business the ability to offer customers additional types of products and has raised the Company’s production capacity by 38 percent, or 230,000 metric tons of NBSK pulp, to a total of 830,000 metric tons.
During the year, however, weak demand for market pulp, combined with an attractive offer from an energy supplier, brought about the curtailment of 32,000 metric tons of pulp production at our Halsey mill in July and August. Pulp inventory at Halsey, supplemented with pulp produced at our Harmac and Mackenzie mills, let us continue meeting our commitments to long-term Halsey customers. The mill used
part of the downtime to conduct its annual maintenance, which normally takes place in September. Additionally, Halsey received payments for reduced energy usage.
In December, the Company also restructured the financing for the chlorine dioxide facility started up in Halsey in late 2000 by arranging a tax-advantaged $36 million sale-leaseback transaction. The low-cost, long-term financing generated by this transaction provided additional liquidity through repayment of bank lines of credit and other indebtedness.
Market conditions were erratic on the wood products side, with low interest rates keeping the industry from completely succumbing to the recessionary climate. The preliminary 19.3 percent countervailing duty and 12.6 percent antidumping duty on Canadian lumber imported into the U.S. particularly hurt Company operating profits. We have chosen to recognize and accrue the full impact of the two lumber duties for the periods in which they have applied. While final rates should be known this spring, the trade dispute is on appeal with world trade governing bodies and may

 take several years to be resolved. Irrespective of these uncertainties, the lumber business has been improving steadily since the beginning of 2002, with greater demand leading to higher prices. Barring unforeseen circumstances, we expect to see a slow recovery as the year moves on.
The paper business remains weak due to the worldwide recession and, thus, we expect the pulp market to stay soft for at least the first half of 2002. Meanwhile, our order file is strong and our mills are running full. With the acquisition of Mackenzie, we are realizing greater economies of scale and a broader customer base as well.
The harsh economic environment of the past year, however, reaffirmed our belief that our best defense as a commodity producer of lumber and pulp is to stay focused on cost reduction and market flexibility. We are committed to staying this course over the coming year. No significant capital projects are scheduled for 2002. The fundamentals of the Company are strong and our balance sheet is satisfactory. We have a secure fiber
source, a growing position in
the complementary pulp and
lumber businesses, and a
strategy that works with the
counterbalancing cycles
inherent to the industry to
provide shareholders with
ever-increasing returns
over time.
As we move forward, we can count on the
guidance of two new
members on our Board of
Directors: Robert G. Funari, chief executive officer of Syncor International; and David J. Barram, formerly chief financial officer of Apple Computer and Silicon Graphics and Administrator of the General Services Administration under President Clinton. They replaced Hamilton “Whit” Budge and Brooks Walker, Jr., who retired in 2001 after many dedicated years of service on our Board.
Particularly in the difficult year just passed, we are grateful for the hard work and dedication of our employees and for the loyalty of our customers, suppliers and shareholders. Your support is essential to our success now and in the future.
Michael Flannery
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  2001 Annual Report
[ 3 ]
 From left to right:
Abram Friesen, Vice President, General Manager – Wood Products, Michael Flannery, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Maria Pope, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and
Angel Diez, Vice President, General Manager – Pulp
 