 LETTER TO OUR ShAREhOLDERS
Although fiscal 2007 was a challenging year for The Pantry, we again made excellent progress toward our long-term strategic objectives. We continued to successfully execute our “regional consolidator” business model by acquiring and integrating 152 convenience stores. We drove additional organic growth in the existing store base through our merchandising initiatives despite a difficult retail environment, and we renegotiated our debt on favorable terms, leaving us well-positioned to continue growing our leading market share in the southeastern United States over the years to come.
Ultimately, our bottom-line results were disappointing, primarily due to an unfavorable gasoline market. During fiscal 2007, the price of crude oil increased by approximately 32%, our retail gasoline margin for the year was down five cents per gallon to 10.9 cents, and total retail gasoline gross profits declined approximately 20%. In some respects, it was a reverse image of fiscal 2006, when we enjoyed unusually strong gasoline margins in our first and fourth fiscal quarters; in fiscal 2007, gasoline margins were unusually weak in the same two quarters. The impact on our earnings was substantial: net income for fiscal 2007 was $26.7 million, or $1.17 per share, compared to $89.2 million, or $3.88 per share, in fiscal 2006.
We believe that other key metrics tell a different story—one of continued growth in The Pantry’s store base, which we believe will drive long-term earnings potential. We achieved solid double- digit percentage increases in fiscal 2007 in total revenues, merchandise sales and gross profits, and gasoline gallons sold. Revenues for the year were approximately $6.9 billion, up 16% from the prior year. Merchandise sales and merchandise gross profit increased 14% and 13%, respectively. Retail gasoline gallons sold increased approximately 16%, to 2.0 billion gallons. We fully expect to leverage the increased scale of our retail operations when conditions in the gasoline market improve.
The strong revenue growth primarily reflects the continued success of our strategic acquisition program. During fiscal 2007, we acquired a total of 152 stores compared to 113 in fiscal 2006. We made some major strategic acquisitions that allowed us to enter new markets, like the 66 store Petro Express® acquisition
in Charlotte, N.C. and the 24 store Sun Stop® acquisition opening the Tallahassee and Southwest Georgia markets. The largest transaction was our purchase of Petro Express, with stores that average approximately 3,000 square feet of floor space and generate both merchandise and gasoline volumes well in excess of our portfolio average. With its leading market position in the greater Charlotte area, Petro Express gives us a strong presence in one of the most attractive regional markets in the United States.
Most of the remaining acquisitions were of the “tuck in” variety, like the 16 store Angler’s Mini-Mart acquisition in Charleston, S.C. Overall, we were very pleased with the quality of the locations of stores acquired during the year and their strong merchandise and gasoline volumes.
Our core merchandise operations also delivered solid results again in fiscal 2007. Comparable store merchandise sales increased 2.3%—following comparable store increases of approximately 5% in each of the previous two years. We consider this a very respectable performance in light of the soft retailing environment in Florida where we have our greatest concentration of stores. Our merchandise gross margin of 37.2% was again well above the industry average, though down slightly from 37.4% in fiscal 2006, primarily due to the impact of adding the lower margin Petro Express stores to our portfolio mix.
We continued to execute our various merchandising initiatives, especially in the food service arena. At year-end, we had quick service restaurant (QSR) franchises at 234 locations, up from 197 a year ago, and we plan on adding approximately 25 new QSRs per year. QSRs can be highly profitable and generate store traffic that helps boost sales in other categories. During the year, we also continued rolling out our proprietary Bean Street Coffee Company® and The Chill Zone® (fountain and frozen drink) stations, adding or upgrading them at approximately 300 locations.
We successfully opened 15 new large-format stores in fiscal 2007, up significantly from five “greenfield” openings in fiscal 2006. In most cases, these are state-of-the-art facilities with features such as car washes and QSRs. While they typically do not offer the immediate high returns of acquired stores, they can
 2
The Pantry, Inc.

  ultimately generate nearly twice as much profit as our current average store. Building stores ourselves enables us to fill in market gaps, increasing our market presence and helping us keep pace with the growth of expanding suburban markets. New stores also help to leverage our expense infrastructure and clearly add another dimension to our growth—though they are not a substitute for acquisitions. In fiscal 2008, we expect to open approximately 15 new stores, incorporating full-size Krystal® and Bojangles® franchises in at least two of these locations.
To finance our fiscal 2007 acquisitions and maintain our financial flexibility going forward, we were able to renegotiate our credit agreement before the financing environment deteriorated late in the year. We were able to significantly expand the size and extend the maturities of our facilities with pricing comparable to our previous agreement. In addition, the new terms and covenants are less restrictive, enhancing our overall financial flexibility. The new facilities include a $350 million term loan, increased from the $204 million that remained outstanding under our previous credit agreement as of the end of fiscal 2006, and a $225 million revolving credit facility, up from $150 million. Final maturities for the facilities were extended to 2014 for the term loan and 2013 for the revolver.
At year-end, our liquidity position remained excellent, with cash and cash equivalents of $71.5 million. We also had approximately $168 million available under our revolving credit facility after adjusting for outstanding letters of credit. In addition, we have a delayed-draw option in our new loan agreement that gives us the right to add up to $100 million to our term loan with the same attractive pricing and other terms on a fully committed basis through May 2008.
Although we clearly have the resources to continue growing through acquisitions, we have made a conscious decision to slow our pace temporarily following the Petro Express deal, as we “digest” our fiscal 2007 acquisitions. We have not stopped look- ing at potential transactions as many acquisition opportunities remain in our regional markets.
In view of our substantial earnings decline—even though we believe it was primarily due to market forces beyond our control—we launched a comprehensive review of various options for improving our efficiency. At year-end, we announced a restructuring program that essentially eliminated a layer of field management. This program will generate significant cost savings and enhance our ability to leverage our cost structure in fiscal 2008 and beyond. In addition to the cost savings, quite a few of the managers in positions that were eliminated chose to stay with us, filling other open positions in store management.
At this writing, the gasoline market environment remains challenging for fiscal 2008; however, we are proactively taking steps to improve our performance. Early in the new fiscal year we began testing an ethanol blend in several locations and have begun rolling it out across the store base. While this may give us some initial cost advantage, we expect it to be temporary due to current price differentials between ethanol and gasoline in the marketplace, and the fact that our competitors are likely exploring ethanol blending as well. On another front, we continue to explore various alternatives to hedge our energy costs in this uncertain environment.
In conclusion, we continue to believe that The Pantry’s fundamental strengths have not changed. As the leading independent convenience store chain in the Southeast, we remain in a strong position to drive future growth, both organically and through acquisitions, and we also have the financial strength and flexibility to continue executing our strategy.
Sincerely,
Peter J. Sodini
President and Chief Executive Officer
  2007 Annual Report 3
