letter to our shareholders
 Dear Shareholders:
Fiscal 2000 was another year of record financial results for The Pantry. We are particularly proud of our performance in light of the challenging environment in which we operated during the past year. By all accounts, fiscal 2000 was among the most difficult years faced by the convenience store industry. Unprece- dented increases in the wholesale price of gasoline created significant volatility in the gasoline market and, as a result, greatly impacted gasoline demand, a major growth driver in our business. Nevertheless, we maintained a focused approach to managing these conditions and worked diligently to achieve strategic growth throughout our business as we leveraged our growing retail network to enhance our performance and continued to strengthen our presence in the Southeastern United States. In fiscal 2000, we:
• Reported record revenues and net income, which grew 44.9% and 34.4%, respectively, over the previous year.
• Achieved a 33.3% increase in gasoline gross profits over last year, despite considerably higher wholesale costs
throughout fiscal 2000.
• Added 145 new stores, reinforcing our leadership position throughout the Southeastern U.S.
• Expanded our reach into Mississippi through the acquisition of 37 convenience stores in that market.
• Completed the two-year rollout of our new corporate and store level accounting and management reporting systems, which have enhanced our ability to manage our business and immediately bring newly acquired locations online.
We are confident that these achievements, and the initiatives we have taken throughout the year, will allow us to continue to deliver record results as we implement our core strategy of expanding our retail network throughout the Southeast and gaining even greater “Strength Through Strategic Acquisitions.”
Financial Performance
Total revenues for 2000 increased by 44.9% to $2.4 billion from $1.7 billion in 1999. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) increased by 22.3% to $132.1 million versus $108.1 million in 1999.
Net income for the year ended September 28, 2000 increased 34.4% to $14 million compared to $10.4 million in fiscal 1999, which included a $3.6 million extraordinary loss related to a debt restructuring. Earnings per diluted share for fiscal 2000 were $0.74 versus $0.41 in 1999. Fiscal 2000 contained 52 weeks of operating results compared with 53 weeks in fiscal 1999.
Our record results continue to reflect our focused approach to merchandising and our ongoing efforts to manage the balance between gasoline gross profit and gallon volume. Merchandise gross profit margin increased to 33.6% in fiscal 2000 from 33.1% in 1999. Merchandise sales rose 24.0% to $907.6 million, with merchandise comparable-store sales up 7.5% for the year. Gasoline sales increased by 62.1% to $1.5 billion and gasoline gross profit rose 33.3% to $139.9 million despite substantially higher wholesale gasoline costs. There was, however, a modest decline of 2.4% in comparable-store gallon sales, resulting from instability and dramatic price increases in the gasoline market throughout the year.
Executing Our Strategy
In fiscal 2000, we executed an aggressive growth strategy aimed at expanding our presence in our existing markets and extending our reach into contiguous markets in the Southeast. During the year, our selective acquisition strategy continued to drive our growth and further allowed us to capitalize on ongoing consoli- dation in the convenience store industry. Throughout the year, we focused on identifying stores located in desirable areas with proven track records of high-volume sales. As a result, we successfully completed 18 acquisitions that added 143 stores to our retail network. These acquisitions strongly enhanced our presence in our existing markets, particularly in North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Florida and Georgia. Among these were the addition of 49 Kangaroo stores in Georgia and 14 MiniMart stores in South Carolina. In addi- tion, the acquisition of 19 Big K stores and 17 Metro Petroleum stores allowed us to enter and establish a strong foothold in the Mississippi market. The success of our acquisition program lies in our continued ability to quickly and effectively integrate new locations into our profitable network of stores. In fiscal 2000, we leveraged our recently rolled-out corporate and management reporting system to integrate all new stores into our system on the first day of the acquisition.
2
  
  “We are confident that these achievements, and the initiatives we have taken throughout the year, will allow us to continue to deliver record results as we implement our core strategyof expanding our retail network throughout the Southeast and gaining even greater ‘Strength Through
Strategic Acquisitions’.”
    Peter J. Sodini
Throughout the year, The Pantry also focused on increasing sales and enhancing profitability in our existing stores. To
this end, we offered our customers the broadest range
of competitively priced merchandise of any convenience
store chain in the Southeast, further improved our ability to track inventory levels and adopted a more focused approach to merchandise item selections for store-specific locations. We are pleased with the results
of these programs and confident that we will increase our same-store sales as we go forward. We have also
increased our fresh food offerings, quick-serve restaurants and car wash locations in selected markets. These value-
added services, along with our broad selection of other ancil- lary services, including ATM’s, pay telephones and money orders
continue to help drive store traffic and enhance the bottom line.
 Upgrading our stores was another priority in fiscal 2000. We spent approximately $24.5 million on our remodeling and conversion program in fiscal 2000. A new prototype for our remodeling has been put in place. We are focused on phasing out smaller units throughout our network, in favor of larger and more efficient stores, and we continue to upgrade our fueling locations with Multi-Product Dispensers (MPD) and pay-at-the-pump credit card readers. Fiscal 2000 also marks the rollout of our new corporate and store- level accounting and management reporting system. The completion of this two-year program has already begun to significantly enhance our reporting and monitoring capabilities as well as our overall performance.
Looking Ahead
Going forward, we will continue to derive our “Strength through Strategic Acquisitions.” We will identify and evaluate potential acquisition candidates that we believe can further strengthen our position in existing markets and expand our reach into other fast growing markets in the Southeast. In the first quarter of fiscal 2001, we have already completed the acquisition of 28 stores, which has further strengthened our presence in Mississippi and allowed us to enter the Louisiana market for the first time. Further, growth prospects in our industry remain strong and we are well positioned to take advantage of important opportunities as they arise. By leveraging our growing store network and our experience in effectively integrating newly acquired stores, we expect to add approximately 150 new locations in the year ahead. In doing so, we remain focused on providing convenience and ensuring that our customers have access to the highest quality and selection of products, both in our stores, and at our pumps.
In conclusion, we would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge the hard work and dedication of our employees. It is their continued commitment that allows us to enhance our performance and our results year after year. At this time, we would also like to thank our customers and shareholders for their support. As we enter fiscal 2001, we look forward to another year of record results. We will report to you on our progress throughout the year.
Sincerely,
  3
Peter J. Sodini
President and Chief Executive Officer
 