 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholder,
In fiscal 2002, The Pantry continued to take the necessary actions to effectively strengthen its business and further enhance its position as a leading operator of convenience stores in the southeastern United States.
During the year, we remained “Focused on Action,” a strategy that has allowed us to make important strides throughout our business as well as our ongoing efforts to achieve operational excellence. In fiscal 2002, we acted decisively, taking steps to enhance the performance of our stores, to more effectively manage our gasoline operations and to further strengthen the processes and systems that support our vast store network. Importantly,
we achieved progress in each of these areas while continuing to effectively manage our costs. We have only just begun to realize the benefits of the many actions taken over the past year and expect to achieve even greater efficiencies and progress in the year ahead.
Financial Performance
While year-over-year revenue was lower, in large part due to a 13.8 percent decline in the average retail price of gasoline and a reduction in store count, our focus on action allowed us to generate positive results on several fronts.
Despite a challenging retail environment, we reported an increase of 3.4 percent in comparable store merchandise
revenues and a 1.5 percent increase in comparable store gasoline volume. In addition, during the year we paid down our debt by $40 million, ending the year with $42.2 million in cash and no outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
Total revenues for fiscal 2002 were $2.5 billion versus $2.6 billion in the previous year. Earnings rose to $1.8 million, or $0.10 per share, compared to fiscal 2001 net loss of $2.7 million, or $(0.15) per share. Adjusted earnings for fiscal 2002 were $2.4 million, or $0.13
per share, compared to adjusted earnings of $10.2 million, or $0.56 per share, in fiscal 2001. Fiscal 2002 EBITDA was $108.1 million compared to $123.5 million in fiscal 2001. The decline in adjusted earnings and EBITDA was almost entirely due to a two-cent decline in gasoline margin per gallon and the corresponding decline in gasoline gross profit of $20.8 million.
The Pantry 2002 Annual Report
In fiscal 2002, we acted decisively, taking steps to enhance the performance of our stores, to more effectively manage our gasoline operations and to further strengthen the processes and systems that support our vast store network.
 01
   
 The Pantry 2002 Annual Report
Focused on Action
Throughout the year, we continued to take actions that allowed us to build upon the strengths of our core business, focusing our time and resources on enhancing our network of 1,289 stores. These actions touched nearly every aspect of our operations from the way we fill our stores and pumps to the products with which we do it.
In our stores, we implemented a comprehensive reset program, repositioning our merchandise offering through
planned promotional activities,
changes in in-store place-
ment and assortment and
enhanced advertising of key
destination categories—all
measures aimed at providing greater value and convenience to our customers while also enhancing sales and gross profits. The success of this program, which has been rolled out in approximately 700 stores to date, is evident in the increases reported in our comparable store merchandise revenue and merchandise gross profits during the year.
We also took substantive actions to strengthen our gasoline operations, where our focus has been on remaining intelligently competitive. We continued to leverage our proprietary technologies and the knowledge and experience of our staff to effectively enhance our com- petitive position in all markets. This included actions to better monitor and adjust our pricing in line with changing market conditions as well as reassessments of our branding strategies to best reflect consumer preferences for various branded and unbranded gasoline products on a market-by-market basis. These actions have strengthened our ability to more effectively strike a balance between gasoline volume and gross profit, even in light of ongoing volatility in the wholesale price of gasoline.
Focused on Efficiency
Achieving greater efficiencies is also an integral part of our efforts to strengthen our operations as well as our overall results. Therefore, in addition to continuing to realize the benefits of our restructuring initiatives, which were implemented in fiscal 2001, we took further actions throughout the year to more effectively manage our costs while continuing to make strategic investments in our business.
In fiscal 2003, we will continue to strive for operational excel- lence in order to better serve our customers and strengthen our position as a leading convenience store operator.
  02
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS CONTINUED
2002 $998.6 2001 $968.6
2000 $907.6
1999 $731.7
1998 $460.8
Merchandise Revenue
(in millions)
               
  2002 2001
2000
1999
1998
1,171.9 1,142.4
1,062.4
855.7
466.8
           Gasoline Gallons (in millions)
   During the year, we closely assessed the performance of each and every store we operate in order to ensure optimal performance across the network. In doing so, we identified and closed 38 underperforming locations. This process not only allowed us to save on over- head and administrative costs, it also enabled us to more effectively allocate our resources. Importantly, in fiscal 2002, we directed our funds to further upgrading our existing locations, including technology enhancements that will allow us to better monitor inventory levels, sales and margins. These actions included enhancements to our gasoline management systems, the adoption of in-store scanners in approximately 25 percent of our locations as well as the development and rollout of a store-based computer-training program for employees.
Further, we leveraged our relationships with suppliers, including those that provide us with merchandise and gasoline, as well as service vendors to reach more favorable pricing agreements. Taken together, these actions will not only allow us to strengthen the bottom line, they will enable us to continue to enhance our long-term competitive position.
Focused on the Future
We are optimistic about our business and our prospects as we enter a new year. While we expect ongoing economic and geopolitical uncertainties to continue, we believe that the actions we have taken over the past year will yield positive results.
In fiscal 2003, we will continue to strive for operational excellence in order to better serve our customers and strengthen our position as a leading convenience store operator. We remain committed to being intelligently competitive in our gasoline operations and to further enhancing our in-store performance, which we expect will drive increased traffic to our pumps and our stores.
By remaining “Focused on Action,” we are confident that we are well positioned to provide greater value to our customers, employees and shareholders alike. We thank all of you for your ongoing support and look forward to the year ahead.
Sincerely,
Peter J. Sodini President and Chief Executive Officer
    03
