        Dear Stockholders and Associates,
What a year! In 2015, Publix celebrated 85 years of success. We expanded and continued to move forward, but we did so by remaining true to our roots and following the lessons of our founder. Thanks to George Jenkins’ beliefs and his example, we remain the store where shopping is a pleasure, the place where people love to work and the company that communities value. The six lessons that Mr. George imparted to us, which appear on the inside cover of this report, are what drove our many accomplishments this year.
The year in review.
In 2015, we achieved sales of $32.4 billion, a 5.9 percent increase over 2014. Net earnings in 2015 were $2 billion, up 13.2 percent from 2014. Earnings per share increased to $2.54 from $2.23 in the previous year. As of March 1, 2016, our stock price was $45.20 as compared to $39.05 on March 1, 2015. We also began paying dividends quarterly, rather than semiannually.
In 2015, we continued to expand our presence in North Carolina. We opened five new stores in that state, for a total of eleven—with many more in the pipeline. Across all our divisions, we opened 28 new supermarkets and closed 9 for a net gain of 19. We also remodeled 154 existing supermarkets.
New milestones.
As Mr. George said, “Publix is like a smorgasbord, with opportunity spread out for you. Prepare yourself. The opportunities are up for grabs.” Being presented with wonderful opportunities is what Lakeland Division Vice President Tom McLaughlin and I have experienced during each of our careers here. Throughout his 48 years of dedicated service, Tom has been committed to perpetuating our culture by investing in others. He passionately believes that each person makes a difference in the lives of many, and I couldn’t agree more.
In fact, upon our retirements April 30, I’m excited to share with you the leaders who will have an opportunity to grow in their new positions and continue to inspire our associates. These leaders are passionate about Publix and our associates. And I’m confident in their abilities to lead our company into the future and continue to make Publix a great place to work for our associates and shop for our customers.
President Todd Jones will become CEO and President. Chief Financial Officer David Phillips will be promoted to Executive Vice President and CFO. Miami Division Vice President Kevin Murphy will be promoted to a new position, Senior Vice President of Retail Operations. Regional Director Bob Bechtel will become Miami Division Vice President, and Regional Director

Sam Pero will become Lakeland Division Vice President. Congratulations to this group of leaders in taking the next steps in their careers. I’m excited to see what they will accomplish in their new roles.
Creating convenience.
One of the ways we Treat Customers Like Royalty is to work continually to develop products and services that will make their lives better.
In 2015, we introduced many new ways to save our customers time and effort—including a number of delicious, easy meal options. The Publix Deli added several grab-and-go entrées, as well as flatbread pizzas. We also introduced Fresh Seafood Cook-in-Bag Dinners. These enable our customers to select seafood from the Seafood case, as well as a side and sauce, to take home and bake in a special cooking bag.
We expanded our Online Easy Ordering options this past year. Now, in addition to Deli meats, cheeses and subs, as well as our full array of platters, customers can order Publix Bakery cakes. These include both our Decadent Desserts and custom-made creations. After a pilot in May, we rolled out the cake-ordering program chain-wide in August, and usage continues to rise.
To help make shopping a pleasure, we redesigned our shelf tags. Now it’s easier than ever for customers to identify items with characteristics that are important to them, whether they’re looking for a product that’s organic, new or a good nutritional choice.
We also introduced a craft beer icon program, similar to our wine icon program. It helps customers navigate the beer aisle, expand their beer knowledge and explore the growing craft beer category.
To make it easier for customers to find and share our Publix Aprons Simple Meals recipes, we introduced some new features online. Now, with a few clicks, customers can search and filter recipes by dietary needs, as well as “pin” our recipes on the social media site Pinterest. And we introduced our own Pinterest presence to inspire customers and give them ideas for meal planning, entertaining and celebrations.
Taking care of our associates and customers.
Mr. George encouraged us to Invest in Others and help them Prepare for Opportunity. These lessons reflect his ongoing commitment to help our associates succeed and thrive.
In this spirit, we continue our efforts to support our associate wellness program called
Life. Inspired. The program aims to help associates and their families with four main pillars of wellness: eating right, exercising, quitting tobacco and achieving overall well-being. The program includes free health screenings and flu shots, discounts on Publix-sponsored runs and walks, and free tobacco cessation resources.
We also maintained our commitment to promote health and wellness with our customers. The Publix Pharmacy began offering biometric health screenings chain-wide in 2015, helping customers assess their blood pressure, cholesterol levels, glucose levels and body composition. In
2

the Tampa market, we continue to pilot dietitian services provided by licensed, registered dietitian nutritionists in an effort to help our customers reach their nutrition goals. The program includes store tours, classes and workshops, and one-on-one nutrition counseling.
We began offering monthly Health & Wellness emails to those customers who choose to receive them. Our dietitian nutritionists develop the content, which is intended to help the reader eat right and maintain a healthful lifestyle.
Accolades and awards.
For 85 years, Publix has worked to treat people right—our customers, our associates and our many business partners. This dedication to service is why we are so successful, and why we continue to receive recognition.
For the 18th consecutive year, Publix was honored as one of FORTUNE magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” in 2015. We were one of only 12 companies to have made the list every year since its inception in 1998. Publix was also listed on Forbes’ inaugural list of America’s Best Employers. Lessons like Be There and Respect the Dignity of the Individual have certainly helped us to earn rankings like these through the years—they remind us to always be available to and supportive of other associates.
FORTUNE named us one of the world’s “Most Admired Companies” in the food and drug industry in 2015. Publix has appeared on the list every year since 1994. Similarly, for the third consecutive year, Publix ranked second among America’s top 50 most reputable retail companies, according to the Reputation Institute’s annual survey.
Store and associate recognition.
I see exceptional contributions from countless Publix associates every day. But some of our people truly stand out and deserve special recognition. The following store managers accepted the 2015 Customer Service Award for Excellence on behalf of their stores: Brian Aten, Store #658; Jeff Collins, Store #1377; John Mulligan, Store #1379; Selena Shaffer, Store #1031; and Kim Taylor, Store #1305. Our President’s Award, given to five district managers and one support manager who excel at advancing diversity within Publix, went to Kris Jonczyk (now Atlanta Division Regional Director), Scott Kiesel, Scott McGee, Roger Paz, Woody Rayburn and John Westall. The George W. Jenkins Award for Excellence, given to five retail managers and one support manager, is Publix’s most prestigious award. This year the award went to Tammy Atherton, Andy DeLong, Jeff Jeup, Michelle Nygren, Jay Roughton and Alan Veith.
Commitment to community.
Mr. George understood and demonstrated how important it is to Give Back. And his spirit of generosity is thriving today in Publix’s many charitable endeavors. From sponsoring youth soccer and countless runs and walks to raising money for March of Dimes (this year we collected more than $6 million in contributions) and Special Olympics (over $3.8 million), our company always works to make a positive difference.
In September, Special Olympics Florida honored Publix with its inaugural Eunice Kennedy Shriver Award, which recognizes our role in furthering the charity’s vision of inclusion and
3

acceptance of people with intellectual disabilities. Also in September, in honor of Mr. George’s birthday, Publix Super Markets Charities donated $4 million to more than 80 Habitat for Humanity affiliates across the Southeast. The 2015 donation will fund the construction of 40 new houses this year and increase support to more than 60 affiliates. Publix associates will have the opportunity to help build the houses, and our company will stock the pantries.
In November, Publix Super Markets Charities donated $1.5 million to Feeding America and 12 member food banks across Publix’s operating area to assist in the transportation needs of the food banks. Through the donation, 12 food banks that assist more than 4,800 agencies each received a $120,000 donation to purchase refrigerated trucks, and Feeding America received $60,000 to be used toward its mission of feeding those who are hungry. At the same time, Publix donated a trailer-load of food items that are in high demand to each of the 12 food banks. Publix’s food donation exceeded $660,000.
Feeding America also recognized Publix as an inaugural 2015 Visionary Partner for our perishable recovery program that has donated more than 186 million pounds of perishable food— or about 156 million meals—to local Feeding America food bank members.
Every year, I am pleased to see Publix associates generously choose to help their communities through United Way contributions. And this year was no exception. Our associates pledged and raised $33.4 million in 2015—more than ever before. When matched with $25.3 million from Publix Super Markets Charities, the total contribution was more than $58.7 million.
The Mr. George Community Service Award recognizes the importance of giving back and honors those associates who have done an exceptional job of it. Last year the award went to Mark Brannock, Jeff Collins, Jim Evans, Danielle Fogel, James Key and Don Lucas.
I’m thrilled to report that in 2015, we launched a community volunteer program called Publix Serves. In April, more than 4,000 Publix associates across our six operating states volunteered with more than 125 local nonprofit organizations whose focus is on youth, education and/or the plight of the hungry and homeless. Publix also gave each district $1,000 plus $85 (in honor of our anniversary) for a total of more than $100,000 to benefit a community service project of their choice.
Staying sustainable.
Publix continued to strive to reduce waste and take care of our planet in 2015. And we passed a major milestone: Thanks to our customers’ opting for reusable bags, in April we hit the 4 Billion Bags Saved mark. To learn more about our sustainability efforts, please see our Social & Environmental Stewardship Summary at publix.com/sustainability.
Our next chapter.
This year in February, we announced plans to enter our seventh state—Virginia. We’re excited to deliver the Publix difference in this new market, beginning with our first stores in Bristol and in the greater Richmond area of Glen Allen.
4

Here’s to the next 85 years.
George Jenkins stated it well when he said, “Publix will be a little better, or not quite as good, because of you.” It’s still true today. We may have more than 1,100 stores and operate in six states, but when it comes to our foundation, we are the same Publix we were 85 years ago. We remain true to our ideals of serving our customers, associates and communities. And by continuing to do so, Publix will continue to thrive.
I’ve been blessed in many ways during my life, but the highlight is having the opportunity to work at Publix with Publix people for 42 years. I look forward to staying close to the business without getting in the way—leaving the heavy lifting to a team of leaders who can do it better than ever.
As I close my last letter as your CEO, I truly thank you for your support. I have enjoyed every day going to work for what may be the greatest company in the world.
Sincerely,
Ed Crenshaw CEO
March 1, 2016
 5
