 LetteR tO StOckhOLDeRS
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
2013 represented a year of transition for our company. Our acquisition of The Warnaco Group, Inc. (“Warnaco”), gave us direct control over the two largest Calvin Klein apparel categories, jeanswear and underwear, and added the Core Intimates (Warner’s and Olga) and Speedo businesses into our Heritage Brands business.
 2013 Year in Review
Organizationally, there were significant changes within our largest brand, Calvin Klein, as the business model shifted from being license-driven to a more directly operated business, with direct operations now expanded to Europe, Asia and Latin America. We believe that these changes will lead to stronger and more profitable operations for PVH in both the Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses.
While the economic environment continued to be volatile in 2013, with fragile consumer sentiment in most parts of the world, we navigated the obstacles well, as our brand portfolio, led by Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, continued to resonate with consumers worldwide. We exceeded our earnings per share and revenue guidance set forth at the start of the fiscal year, with non-GAAP earnings per share of $7.03.* Our revenues increased over 35% to $8.2 billion, as we added the acquired businesses and saw sustained growth in our core businesses, with consistent profitability and cash flows. We reported
earnings before interest and taxes of $967 million,* an increase of 29%* over last year, as our strong brand positioning and execution of our business principles drove our financial performance, despite the uncertain macroeconomic environment and the significant strategic investments we have needed to make to upgrade and stabilize the acquired Calvin Klein businesses.
Status of Warnaco Acquisition
During 2013, we made significant progress integrating the Warnaco businesses into PVH and investing in the infrastructure critical for our long-term global success. Our teams converted systems across North America and Europe, putting associates on common platforms across each business. In 2014, our teams will focus on systems conversions in Asia and our sourcing integration is on track for completion for the Fall 2014 season. We also invested in people, filling many of the over 200 open positions across the acquired businesses, including a President of Calvin Klein Asia and a President of Calvin Klein Europe.
 EMANUEL CHIRICO
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
*See pages 30-31 for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. ANNUAL REPORT PVH CORP. LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS 03

 has enabled us to continue to transform from a primarily North American multi- brand business with strong European Tommy Hilfiger operations, to a more diversified, global organization with significant operations in four distinct regions, and with Asia and Latin America now accounting for approximately 20%† of our operating income. As a much larger organization, we continue to operate under our core business principles, which value leaders who hold the highest ethical standards, while also driving results across the business.
We took key steps to enhance and further develop the acquired businesses by making significant investments in their infrastructure, including filling high-profile senior management positions, improving systems and processes and elevating the design and quality of Calvin Klein jeanswear and underwear. These changes will put the brand in a much stronger position to grow globally, strengthen its customer base and thrive over the long- term. With the direct global control of the brand image and commercial operations for the two largest Calvin Klein apparel categories, jeanswear and underwear, our teams took steps to strengthen management, improve operations, unify our brand messaging, and coordinate and improve design, merchandising, retail distribution and marketing functions on a regional and global basis. We believe that these steps, which we will build upon in 2014, will strengthen Calvin Klein’s image, positioning and execution across all markets to drive sustainable growth. While we still have additional areas of investment and development planned for 2014, the integration is progressing on track and we are confident that the steps we are taking will position PVH for sustainable long-term financial growth and drive stockholder value.
Another major development was our sale of the G.H. Bass & Co. business in the fourth quarter of 2013, which allows us to further invest in our more profitable apparel businesses, while also reducing sales and earnings volatility.
Total Revenue
2013: $8.2BN
   Jeanswear has been a particular focus since the acquisition closed. We have taken strategic actions to reposition Calvin Klein Jeans beginning with the Fall 2014 lines, with improved product and designs that are more consistent with our other Calvin Klein branded product. Our teams have been elevating our sourcing platform to coincide with these improvements and are working to enhance and upgrade our wholesale account distribution and retail presentation. These measures are expected to deliver healthier financial metrics in the U.S. and Europe. Additionally, we have taken actions to eliminate excess inventory levels across the acquired businesses.
Our newly acquired Speedo, Olga and Warner’s businesses are also proceeding well in terms of their integration. Overall, we are pleased with the status of the integration and the advancements we are making, and we remain on track to achieve synergies identified through the acquisition.
Setting the Stage for Continued Long-Term Growth
During 2013, we took significant steps to strengthen our organization for the long- term and deepen our focus on our global designer lifestyle brands, Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger. The Warnaco acquisition provides a broader global platform for both of our designer lifestyle brands and
By Region
9%
2%
28%
61%
Operating Income
2013: $967MM*
By Region
 15%
5%
56%
24%
  North America
 (U.S., Canada and Mexico)
Europe
(Europe, Middle East and Africa)
Latin America
(South and Central America and the Caribbean)
Asia / Rest of World
(Asia, Australia and New Zealand)
   04 LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS PVH CORP. ANNUAL REPORT *See pages 30-31 for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. †Excludes non-recurring items.
 