 letter to
stoCKholders
DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,
2015 was a year of execution for PVH. We stayed focused on our top strategic priorities and our commitment to invest in our brands and operating platforms. We collaborated across our businesses by sharing innovation and best practices, while exercising sustainable business practices. We believe that our brands, led by Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, continue to be strong and position us well in the marketplace against our competition.
With the evolving retail landscape and more globally aware consumers, execution and differentiation are critical to driving a successful business model and PVH has been at the forefront of the rapidly changing environment. This past year further highlighted the complexities that we, along with other global apparel companies, increasingly have to address, including the volatile macroeconomic environment, the shift in consumer buying habits among retail channels, changes in consumer spending habits and the impact of the strengthening U.S. dollar against foreign currencies. The strengthening U.S. dollar has been a particular headwind, as nearly two-thirds of our earnings before interest and taxes on a non-GAAP basis are generated from jurisdictions outside of the United States. Our people continue to be our greatest asset and our teams have been successfully adapting to and navigating through these challenges.
Despite all the challenges, I am pleased to say that we saw great improvements across many of our businesses in 2015, as we executed against our key strategies, exceeded our revenue and earnings per share guidance and made sound investment decisions to enhance stockholder value over the long-term. We concentrated on the importance of consumer engagement and built strategies to respond to what we believe our consumers want. We elevated our products through the use of new technical and functional fabrics and features, and improved the quality of our products and how we interact with consumers. Further, we enhanced our digital commerce capabilities by delivering improved navigation and by making sure styles and sizes were available through our dynamic supply chain, including adding replenishment programs to certain categories to always be in stock. Lastly, as an industry leader, we continued to recognize the great responsibility and opportunity to make positive impacts – focusing on ensuring safe workplaces, preserving the environment, empowering people and supporting communities in which we work and live.
PVH CORP. ANNUAL REPORT LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS 03
 
 04 LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS PVH CORP. ANNUAL REPORT
2015 Business Review
We posted solid underlying financial performance in 2015. Earnings per share was $7.05* on a non-GAAP basis, including a negative impact of $1.38 per share related primarily to foreign currency exchange rates. This exceeded our initial guidance on a non-GAAP basis of $6.75-$6.90* and subsequent guidance updates. Earnings per share increased 15%* on a non-GAAP, constant currency basis compared to 2014, in line with our long-term targets. Our Calvin Klein business was a highlight for the year, as the investments that we made over the last few years started to generate results and we saw strength across essentially all regions where we operate. Our Tommy Hilfiger business also saw positive momentum in its international markets, highlighting the power of the Tommy Hilfiger brand through its ability to post growth on top of challenging multi-year comparisons. Lastly, our Heritage Brands business produced results from our efforts to turn around the business, with a notable improvement in profitability.
*Financial measures on a non-GAAP and
constant currency basis reconciled on pages 30-34.
Our results were achieved despite soft demand for apparel in the U.S., our largest market, which pressured our North America sales and margins. We saw the strengthening U.S. dollar significantly reduce in-store traffic and spending trends in our largest U.S. stores that are dependent on international tourists, especially in Tommy Hilfiger retail. Additionally, unseasonably warm weather over the Fall / Holiday season led to further sales decreases. All of our U.S. retail teams faced elevated inventories and a more promotional selling environment and had to adapt quickly to implement new traffic-driving initiatives, proactively taking markdowns and paring back inventory levels to respond to softer demand.
 
 PVH CORP. ANNUAL REPORT LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS 05
Further, the appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the major foreign currencies in which we conduct business had a significant negative impact on the reported results for our international businesses, as revenues and earnings generated in these markets faced translational and transactional pressures. As one of the largest apparel companies in the world, these headwinds were significant and were impossible to circumvent completely. Accordingly, our stock experienced significant downward pressure. This was disappointing, as we believe that our solid underlying results and execution of our strategic objectives were overshadowed by the macroeconomic backdrop.
Our cOmmitment tO financial prudence and accOuntability is inherent as we strive tO deliver On Our business strategies and create value fOr Our stOckhOlders.
michael a. shaffer
Executive Vice President
and Chief Operating & Financial Officer
Solid Balance Sheet Management Continues
We continuously strive to enhance our execution and reach the full potential of our businesses through financial prudence and accountability, which remain key priorities for us. In 2015, we strengthened our credit profile through the repayment of an additional $350 million of debt, having now repaid approximately $1.3 billion in the aggregate of the $3.0 billion of debt incurred in connection with the Warnaco acquisition. This brought our gross leverage ratio down to 3.0x*. As our businesses continue to generate a significant amount of free cash flow and our gross leverage ratio is approaching our targeted range of around 2.5x, our view on capital allocation has evolved to include the return of a portion of our excess cash flow directly to stockholders. As such, we initiated a stock repurchase program in June 2015 and repurchased approximately $126 million of our outstanding common stock (approximately 1.3 million shares). Through our ongoing emphasis on maintaining a strong credit profile and a healthy balance sheet, we believe that we will continue to be able to deliver on our business strategy and create value for our stockholders.
(Letter continues on page 8.)
*Financial measures on a non-GAAP and
constant currency basis reconciled on pages 30-34.
    
2015
 busIness hIGhlIGhts
 n Posted constant currency topline growth across most markets for our Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses.
Calvin Klein Jeans Store Corso Buenos Aires, Milan
n Fortune magazine once again named PVH Corp. on its annual list of The World’s Most Admired Companies.
n Leveraged our expertise across our underwear businesses:
- Sales of Calvin Klein Underwear were robust in all key markets and, for the first time, women’s product outperformed men’s.
- The Tommy Hilfiger underwear marketing campaign featuring Rafael Nadal had over 500 million impressions and helped improve full price sales and sell throughs of underwear
in Europe and the U.S. during the second half of 2015.
- Sales of Warner’s bras gained nearly 250 basis points of market share over the last three years and the brand held a nearly 9% market share across U.S. department and chain stores in 2015.
  n Contributedapproximately $18 million to organizations and programs that support the needs of women and children.
n Posted stellar performance in Europe:
- Our Calvin Klein Europe business posted a significant increase in sales and profitability, driven by strength across all categories, and
we are on track to meet our 10% operating margin target over the next several years.
- Within the Tommy Hilfiger Europe business, comparable store sales grew 8%, as the brand’s strong positioning continues to enable us to capture market share gains.
   Tommy Hilfiger Flagship Store Brompton Road, London
n Drove consumer engagement and brand relevance through our digital marketing campaigns for Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, which received major awards including the Grand CLIO
Image Award (Calvin Klein) and rankings on L2’s 2015 Digital IQ Index: Fashion (Calvin Klein and
Tommy Hilfiger).

                                                 n Formally rolled out globally PVH
University, a program designed
to provide our associates with n the opportunity to maximize
their career potential through
in-person and online classes
and presentations.
Posted approximately 20%
sales growth across our directly operated digital commerce
sites, driven by our initiatives to expand into new regions, launch additional product categories, enhance the user-experience and grow our mobile capabilities.
Tommy Hilfiger
Zalando Online Shop
PVH CORP. ANNUAL REPORT LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS 07
 n Generated free cash flow of over $570* million.
 n Achieved a significant improvement in our Heritage Brands business operating margins, driven by key improvements in dress shirts, sportswear and
Van Heusen retail.
  n Diversified and enhanced our distribution of Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger products by adding specialty apparel retailers such as Urban Outfitters and Topshop, and increasing our presence with e-tailers such
as Zalando, Amazon and Tmall.
                    n Raised over $3 million for the Ronald McDonald House in New York City at their 23rd Annual Gala, with the event resulting in a total of $6 million raised.
n
Handled over 160,000 deliveries to our retail stores globally, with many key markets achieving over 99.5% on-time delivery performance.
 *Financial measures on a non-GAAP and
constant currency basis reconciled on pages 30-34.
Calvin Klein Underwear
Signage at Urban Outfitters
 
  Designing Our Future
We attribute our solid performance, even during challenging economic climates, to our long-term approach of managing our company. Each of our businesses operates in line with its brand vision and lays out its strategic objectives and associated growth drivers, as well as aligns with our broader corporate initiatives. Our commitment to our consumers is universal and we seek to inspire them across all of the markets where we operate. Throughout our company, we are also dedicated to corporate responsibility, which we believe serves as a key competitive advantage as we strive to deliver future growth and stockholder value.
Cullen Jones
Four Olympic Games Medals Three World Championship Medals
We announced two transactions immediately after the conclusion of 2015 that demonstrate our commitment to making strategic investments to support the long term growth potential of PVH. First, we announced that G-III Apparel Group has been granted the license to operate our Tommy Hilfiger womenswear wholesale business in North America, as we believe G-III is best suited to unlock the great potential we see for this business and support our strategy of elevating Tommy Hilfiger’s brand positioning, while freeing up capital for us to invest in higher margin businesses. The following day, we announced that we had entered into an agreement to acquire the remaining 55% stake in our Tommy Hilfiger China joint venture. This transaction, which closed in mid-April, will enable our Tommy Hilfiger business to directly operate its fastest growing market, while leveraging PVH’s well-established infrastructure in Asia, our regional leadership expertise and the strong brand momentum across both our Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein businesses in the region.
  
  Foreign currency volatility will continue to impact our reported results in 2016 but we are committed to our global expansion plans and believe that our global presence is a key asset and a substantial driver of our long-term financial growth. We believe we have significant opportunities for growth and we are confident that our best-in-class teams will continue to manage through the volatile environment by leveraging our powerful platforms and operations, while not losing sight of our long-term vision.
We expect to continue to deliver double-digit earnings
As always, I attribute our performance to the talent and dedication of our over 30,000 associates around the world and I would like to thank them for another year of excellent execution. I believe that our people are the best in the industry and through our collective efforts, we can achieve our targets for 2016 and beyond.
 per share growth on a non-GAAP, constant currency basis over the next few years. Additionally, license buy-backs will remain a key opportunity and we plan to explore taking more direct control of various licensed businesses where we believe there is a strong strategic fit. Further, we will continue to focus on our capital allocation strategy and we look forward to delivering solid financial returns to our stockholders.
Emanuel Chirico
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 PVH CORP. ANNUAL REPORT LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS 09
