 Once again, we experienced a year of remarkable growth as the industry transformations we predicted at Quanta’s founding in 1997 have continued to unfold. In 2000, we closed out with landmark run-rate revenues in excess of $2 billion, up from $1.15 billion in 1999 and $424 million at the end of 1998. Our pro forma internal revenue growth rate was 33% in 2000, which exceeded all expectations. The improvement in 2000 is made more notable by the bad weather that hampered operations in 2000, compared to the mild weather that typified 1999.
We attribute the company’s enviable record of growth to the strong performance of our operating companies and to the diversity and strength of our customer base, which now numbers more than 400. In 2000, our largest customer accounted for less than 6% of our pro forma revenues; our top 10 customers accounted for less than 28%, and our top 20 customers accounted for only 41%. Much of our work is repeat business, noteworthy in such traditionally price-sensitive industries. Quanta’s customers are coming to recognize that a quality job done on time is more valuable to them than the lowest bid.
STRENGTH IN DIVERSITY
Quanta was initially founded in 1997 to capitalize on the outsourcing opportunities we expected to materialize in electric utilities, and in 1997, 73% of our revenues came from this industry. As utilities began sprouting telecom subsidiaries, we recognized that the transmission industries – electric power, telecommunications, cable TV and even gas – were converging. We expanded into telecommunications and cable TV and grew these opportunities to 43% and 15%, respectively, of our 2000 pro forma revenues. While we grew Quanta into one of
the top telecom service providers, we did not, however, abandon our initial vision. In 2000, electric utilities still contributed 29% of total revenue, and ancillary services, which include gas transmission and distribution, transportation services, and rock-boring and trenching for water and sewer lines, accounted for 13%.
This is a “strength in diversity” story. We are now poised to take advantage of our position in the power industry and shift assets into this work while telecom sorts itself out. When telecom and cable TV recover – and they will, because the need for increased bandwidth does not disappear simply because financing does – Quanta will be ready.
We believe that our position as a diverse transmission service company serving diverse industries gives us a unique advantage in achieving sustainable long-term growth.
ELECTRIC UTILITY OPPORTUNITIES
As I noted, Quanta was initially formed to capitalize on outsourcing opportunities arising from the cost pressures of deregulation. Two major utilities, Puget Sound Energy and UtiliCorp, are the first to announce they will outsource 100% of their operations and maintenance functions. Quanta is well positioned to gain outsourced work from both of these utilities.
Outsourcing, however, is not the whole picture. In the 1998 Stockholders’ Letter, I mentioned Quanta’s proprietary Linemaster® Robotic Arm, which allows maintenance personnel to work safely on high voltage transmission lines while the lines remain energized. Because the Robotic Arm can reduce total maintenance time by as much as 75% without interrupting electric service, its use has grown exponentially. Quanta has
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

 formed an Energized Services division to capitalize on the Robotic Arm, and we expect this patented device to become as much of a necessity as the bucket truck.
Every year since our IPO, we have highlighted the aging power infrastructure in the United States. And every year, the power companies have faced the uncertainties of deregulation by keeping capital expense budgets flat and deferring maintenance and upgrades. As California has shown, this approach has limited viability. At some point in the foreseeable future, the utilities will have to start building again, and Quanta will be ready. We believe this presents significant growth opportunities for the company.
Also, we have seen electric utilities enter the race to provide bandwidth; some 50% of the electric utilities already have telecommunications subsidiaries. Once again, Quanta is there to help our customers execute their strategies.
QUANTA INTEGRATION
As always, the counterpoint to the theme of diversity is integration. Quanta has 49 operating units, principal offices in 40 states, field and support offices in nearly every state, and operations nationwide. As you will read later in this report, the Quanta name is becoming more widely known and accepted in the industry. We will continue to enhance the Quanta image in our ongoing marketing efforts.
More than half of the companies acquired during 2000 were ‘tuck-in’ companies that were fully integrated
immediately into existing operating units. Our philosophy is to give the operating units as much autonomy as possible, capitalizing on the proven entrepreneurial skills we have acquired, while still maintaining the oversight to monitor progress and reach agreed-upon goals. Nearly all of the executives of the companies we acquire stay on board, and we owe much of our success to their acumen and experience. These executives have an average of 25 years in the business, they know their clients, and they know how to manage the work. What’s more, they are out generating new business, building new relationships and entering new markets even during difficult economic times.
LOOKING TO THE FUTURE
With a debt to total capitalization ratio of less than 32% and availability of financing from a variety of sources, we are in a strong position to continue our growth. We will continue to broaden our geographic footprint, to increase our customer base, and to add specialty services that enhance our ability to be a full-service supplier. We will stay diverse, maintaining our marketing position in all the industries we serve so that whichever way the economic wind blows, Quanta will be positioned for success.
We will always be grateful to our employees, whose skills and hard work make our goals achievable, and to our stockholders for their confidence in our company.
Sincerely,
JOHN R. COLSON
Chief Executive Officer
 