 To Our Fellow
Stockholders
It’s gratifying to report a year like 2007. We consistently outperformed our expectations, as well as those of our customers. We grew revenues, entered into some of the largest contracts in Quanta’s history and completed the acquisition of InfraSource Services, Inc. – our largest acquisition yet. And by the end of the year, we substantially completed the integration of its operations and workforce into our Quanta family. We also increased our year-end 12-month backlog of work significantly. Our workforce now numbers more than 15,000 strong. In short, Quanta performed. We achieved an outstanding year – in earnings, in customer satisfaction, and most important of all, in safe and efficient operations.
Not only were we able to meet our industries’ rapidly growing infrastructure needs, including energized and emergency restoration services, but we also set our sights on addressing emerging trends. We have the technology, resources and skilled workforce necessary to play a leading role in the future of the industries we serve.

By The Numbers Over the course of fiscal 2007, we grew our revenues to $2.66 billion, up from $2.11 billion in 2006. Our income from continuing operations rose to $133.1 million or earnings per diluted share from continuing operations of $0.87, compared to the $16.2 million, or earnings per diluted share from continuing operations of $0.14 for 2006. As a result of focusing on improving pricing, increasing efficiencies and streamlining our operations, we also improved our operating income margin to 7.1 percent in 2007 (excluding amortization expense). At year-end, Quanta’s twelve-month backlog, defined as the amount of work expected to be completed over the next 12 months under signed contracts, was $2.4 billion. At the close of 2007, our total backlog of work expected to be performed in the future under signed contracts was at the record level of $4.7 billion. We believe this indicates another strong year for Quanta in 2008.
At year-end, electric power services accounted for approximately 58 percent of pro forma revenues (taking into account the acquisition of InfraSource as if it had occurred at the beginning of the year), with the remaining revenues accounted for by natural gas services, telecommunications and broadband cable services, and ancillary services such as horizontal directional drilling and commercial and industrial wiring.
In 2007, we also strengthened the company’s financial flexibility. We expanded our senior secured revolving credit facility to $475 million from $300 million, extended its maturity date by more than a year and modified various other provisions. Additionally, we repaid the $33.3 million outstanding principal balance of our 4.0 percent convertible subordinated notes and $35.3 million of existing InfraSource debt, net of cash acquired. As of December 31, 2007, we had cash and cash equivalents of $407.1 million, working capital of $547.3 million and long-term debt of $143.8 million.
Our financial strength ensures that we have the capital necessary to fund any project, large or small, acquire additional capabilities and resources, or retire additional debt. This provides Quanta with the financial flexibility to respond to economic conditions and industry trends.
Building Capabilities To Meet The Future The Energy Policy Act of 2005 continues to drive increased investment in power delivery infrastructure and increased outsourcing of infrastructure design, construction and maintenance among utilities. Meanwhile, in the telecommunications and broadband industries, the convergence of voice, video and data is creating increased demand for fiber optic infrastructure and dark fiber service networks to support the delivery of high speed, advanced technology “next generation” services.
Our acquisition of InfraSource in an all-stock merger transaction, valued at approximately $1.3 billion, was envisioned to enable the combined company to meet these future needs. Our combined capabilities and strengths continue to make Quanta a leading specialized contracting services company capable of serving the electric power, natural gas, telecommunications and broadband cable industries across all their infrastructure requirements. As a result, we’re better positioned to serve our customers during the coming period of rapid growth in transmission and distribution spending for both conventional and alternative power generation, as well as ever-expanding telecommunications and broadband needs. We believe that this transaction is consistent with our long-held mission of delivering consistent value to our stockholders and to our two-part strategy to provide quality infrastructure services to our customers and growth opportunities to our employees.
A Record Year Of Contract Wins During the first half of 2007, Quanta was awarded a general service contract for the installation of a 102-mile, 345,000-volt line for the American Transmission Company serving the northern U.S. and a contract for the construction of Allegheny Power’s 210-mile, 500,000-volt Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line (TrAIL) project that will strengthen the power grid serving Allegheny’s mid-Atlantic region. During the latter half of 2007, we successfully expanded our relationship with Northeast Utilities (NU) with a signed master services agreement for transmission infrastructure and other services. Valued at approximately $750 million and scheduled to continue until 2013, the services we will perform under the contract will provide New England with a stronger transmission grid, which is of vital importance to the region’s safety, security and economic prosperity. Early in 2008, we also secured a contract with the Lower Colorado River Authority (LCRA) at an estimated value of $194 million for the expansion and maintenance of the utility’s transmission infrastructure over the next five years.

Quanta’s telecommunications employees are hard at work installing Verizon’s fiber networks in several states. During 2007, we also expanded our relationship with AT&T for additional work in the western U.S., a highly competitive market for triple-play services. We also secured new contracts with various municipalities to deploy fiber networks to their service territories.
We expect to carry this momentum forward. From our analysis of industry statistics, trend research and population growth metrics — a key determinant of energy consumption as well as telecommunications and broadband systems usage — we believe the next decade will see strong investment in infrastructure upgrades and additions.
Capably Leading Our Field We have a powerful set of competitive strengths and benefits in the field of specialty contracting. As a single- source solution provider, we offer services beyond traditional power services, including energized services and emergency restoration services, and we are an industry leader in both areas. In energized services, our extensively trained and experienced crews and our technological innovations allow us to maintain, upgrade and rebuild live lines and facilities of any voltage. Utilization of our energized methods and technologies means utilities save time and money by performing service on the line without taking it out of service.
Our emergency restoration services are of critical importance to the safety, security and livelihood of people in communities across the country devastated by storms or other natural disasters and catastrophes. Our crews are available on a 24/7 basis to restore power, telecommunications or broadband services as quickly as possible. We believe no other company has the extensive workforce, training, equipment or capital to respond as efficiently, quickly and safely as we can.
A Robust Workforce Today, the utility industry workforce is aging and shrinking. By 2010, it is estimated that one in three utility workers will be age 50 or older. With the acquisition of InfraSource, our workforce grew by more than 25 percent. Such a robust pool of skills and expertise means that we can meet our clients’ growing infrastructure needs quickly — no matter how large or how far afield.
Positive Trends
Electric Power & Gas Industry The industry’s primary obstacle to delivering reliable power is the nation’s aging transmission infrastructure and limited past investment in new facilities and systems. Over the next decade, peak demand is forecasted to increase as much as 17.7 percent, yet committed resources and resources “currently under construction” or “in planning” are projected to increase supply by only 8.4 percent, leaving a significant deficit of 9.3 percent.1 According to a January 2008 EEI Report2 about investment in transmission projects, investor-owned utilities plan to spend more than $38 billion in transmission system infrastructure over the next three years, a 60 percent increase over the amount invested between 2003 and 2006. We are ideally positioned with the workforce, technology, capabilities and capacity to address this critical need.
Telecommunications & Cable Television Industry Our wireline operations reflect the aggressive network expansion by service providers such as Verizon and AT&T. Our telecom and cable operations reported organic revenue growth of approximately 13 percent in 2007, excluding any impact from InfraSource. This strong growth is the result of additional work by our outside plant operations to support fiber-to-the-node or fiber-to-the-premises installation activities for service providers, in addition to a significant increase in services provided by our wireless operations.
The dark fiber leasing business we added from the InfraSource transaction is experiencing vertical market growth for secured, high- speed networks particularly in the education and healthcare markets. Over the past three years, new contract sales (measuring revenues over the entire contract period of generally five years) rose from $35.5 million in 2005, to more than $147 million at the close of 2007. More and more institutions need secure networks, and we believe we’re uniquely positioned to provide these dark fiber infrastructure services — from design to installation.
1 “2007 Long-Term Reliability Assessment” North American Electric Reliability Council 2 “Transmission Projects: At A Glance, Total Investment by Investor-Owned Utilities,” EEI, January 2008

Our Long-Range View Is Green The power industry’s challenges are straightforward: demand for reliable energy continues to rise; supply is constrained; there is a lack of new generation facilities; the power grid continues to age; and capacity is limited. As a consequence, renewable energy solutions, in the form of solar and wind in particular, are being viewed as viable alternatives. During the past year alone, 17 of the nation’s 50 states initiated renewable portfolio standard (RPS) programs, proposed such programs, initiated voluntary programs, or expanded existing programs.
The challenge is that the requisite transmission and distribution infrastructure to deliver this renewable energy is nearly non-existent. Furthermore, because the sun does not always shine and the wind does not always blow, redundant power generation, and its related infrastructure, must also be in place and on line to meet demand.
As one of the nation’s leading transmission and distribution infrastructure companies with the largest equipment fleet, widest reach, a more than 15,000-strong workforce, a strong safety record, and the financial strength to fund large projects and/or acquire the necessary resources, we’re ready to answer the needs of the renewables market. In fact, we’ve already begun — the Tehachapi project is now in its early construction phases. This project, located in California between Bakersfield and the Mojave Desert, includes the installation of 75-miles of 500,000-volt transmission lines to deliver power from the Tehachapi Wind Resource Area.
The Future Is Ours To Realize I believe our future to be one of strength, revenue growth, margin performance and industry leadership. Our record performance and substantial backlog lead me to believe that we will continue to deliver robust and sustained value for all our stakeholders — our stockholders, our customers and their customers, and our ever-growing family of Quanta Services employees.
  JOHN R. COLSON CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 