   4
Four major factors support the continued growth of Quanta Services: the race to provide media and Internet to homes and businesses; the aging of our nation’s infrastructure; deregulation of the electric power and telecommunications industries; and convergence within the various transmission industries.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Your Company has completed another year of remarkable growth and accomplishment – only two years after its inception, Quanta Services closed out the twentieth century as a billion-dollar company. Run-rate revenues
FINANCIAL ACHIEVEMENTS
April 7, 2000 to stockholders of record on March 27, 2000. In summary, the Company is in excellent financial condition and is well financed to achieve our future goals.
at the end of 1999 totaled $1.15 billion, up from $424 million at the end of 1998. Strategic acquisitions not only enhanced our ability to compete across the nation
as a full service supplier but also contributed significant revenue growth. Additionally, we continued to experience strong internal growth; our internal revenue growth rate for all companies owned at the end of 1999 was 22%.
In January 1999, Quanta completed a follow-on equity offering that generated net proceeds to the Company of $101.1 million. Six million shares of common stock at $15.50 per share (post-split) were sold to the public, and the underwriters of the offering expressed their confidence in Quanta by exercising their over-allotment option to purchase an additional 900,000 shares.
INDUSTRY TRENDS
Quanta began in 1997 as a company specializing
in support services for telecommunications and electric power companies. In 1998, Quanta expanded its reach further into the telecommunications industry, bringing revenue for this work nearly to the level attained for elec- tric power companies. In 1999, the Company grew its presence in cable television and gas transmission. As
of December 31, 1999, 35% of our revenues came from telecommunications companies, 30% from electric power companies, 13% from cable TV operators, and 22% from ancillary services. These ancillary services include gas transmission and distribution, transportation services, electric and telecommunications work for commercial and industrial customers, and rock-boring and trenching for water and sewer lines.
In June, the Company was successful at increasing its credit facility, led by Bank of America, from $175 million to $350 million. We are also pleased to note that our bank syndicate has expanded from nine banks to fourteen.
Fueling the race to provide electronic media to individual homes and businesses is the exploding demand for communications bandwidth driven by the Internet. Computing speeds continue to double about every 18 months as they have in the past, and business-to-business (B2B) e-commerce is building on this technology at a rapid rate. These factors, we believe, will continue
to spur our growth as we supply the bandwidth infrastructure our customers need to position
themselves for the future.
Even more notable than the diversity of the industries we serve is the diversity of our customers. In 1999, our client base continued to grow, and we now work for well over 300 customers. Quanta’s largest customer accounted for less than 6% of our 1999 run-rate revenue, and our top 10 customers provided only 28% of our revenue. Our top four customers in 1999 included a cable TV company, a telecommunications provider, the U.S. government, and an electric power company. This kind of diversity is truly remarkable for the business we are in and clearly differentiates us from many competitors who rely on a few large clients for much of their income.
It is interesting to note that the initial transaction gave UtiliCorp the right to convert into the same ownership percentage (19.9%) as Enron gained in their $49-million alliance transaction only a year before. Quanta performed work worth about $40 million under the alliance with Enron in 1999, compared to the $20 million we anticipated at
hit Chicago and the Midwest, leading to ComEd’s commitment to spend $1 billion for improvements
to its Chicago operations. In July 1999, a blackout
caused by overloads and fires in feeder cables stilled upper Manhattan for nearly a day. Work to bring old systems up to current standards should continue to provide increasing opportunities for Quanta, particularly with the industry’s growing reliance on outsourcing.
In September, Quanta closed an important investment and alliance with UtiliCorp United Inc., a multinational energy company with $7.5 billion in assets serving about four million customers in the United States, Canada,
the United Kingdom, New Zealand and Australia. UtiliCorp initially invested $186 million in exchange
for Convertible Preferred Stock, and since September, has acquired more stock on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions. Today, UtiliCorp’s investment totals about $320 million.
As we noted in last year’s annual report, much of the existing electric power transmission and distribution infrastructure in the United States (collectively valued
at over $220 billion) was built soon after World War II and is now near the end of its useful life. In 1996, failure of transmission lines in Oregon shut down power to parts of nine states. In the summer of 1998, power outages
the beginning of 1999, and we look forward
to a very productive alliance with UtiliCorp also.
Since the end of the year, Quanta has completed a senior notes placement of $150 million, further extending our financial capabilities.
In recognition of our strong financial and share-price performance, the Quanta Board of Directors declared a three-for-two stock split on March 8, 2000 payable on
Everyone is aware of the sweeping changes that have been wrought by deregulation in the telecommunication

       and gas transmission industries. Today, electric
power companies face similar changes – 24 states
have deregulation statutes in place or underway, up from 14 a year ago, and nearly every other state has the issue under consideration. The future for electric power companies is now more open but far less well defined.
of what is being transmitted or where it is being sent. Our strategy for continuing Quanta’s high growth rate is to continue to emphasize internal growth and to acquire only those companies that fit our philosophy and enhance our cross-selling opportunities.
DIVERSIFIED CUSTOMER MIX
In fact, the future of all the newly deregulated industries is not very well defined at present because deregulation of once separate industries is blurring the boundaries between them. And this gives rise to what is perhaps the most exciting factor driving Quanta’s growth: convergence.
this strategy is already paying dividends. In the case of PF.Net, for example, our integrated approach enabled Quanta to win a $160-million job that spans the nation.
TELECOM
The one commonality among all of the industries Quanta serves is transmission, whether it be gas, electricity, voice, video or data. The basic requirement for transmission is right-of-way, whether it be for an underground gas line or an overhead cable. Thus it makes complete sense for a gas company to use its right-of-way for data transmis- sion, just as it makes sense for an electric utility to
string fiber optic cable on its overhead power lines.
As we said in last year’s report, we believe that Quanta will continue its pattern of strong growth.
We will continue to broaden our geographic footprint, to increase our customer base, and to add specialty services that enhance our ability to be a full-service supplier. Even more important, we will continue to pursue strong internal revenue growth by capitalizing on the opportunities that integration affords.
The results of industry convergence will soon be apparent everywhere. Today, if a car knocks over a neighborhood power pole, the power company, the telephone company and the cable TV company all
have to respond. At some point in the future, all of
these facilities could be owned by one company – and maintained by Quanta, probably by the same cross-trained crew. Quanta can do it all, from electric substations to the underground or overhead transmission lines to the end user’s computer and television connections.
At this time, we wish to extend our thanks to all
our employees whose dedication and hard work make our goals achievable, and to our stockholders, especially those 1,100 employee stockholders who recently participated in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
for their confidence in our company.
QUANTA INTEGRATION
Quanta began operations with an understanding of industry evolution, which has both driven our strategic vision and fostered its success. As transmission industries converge, we continue to integrate by acquiring successful companies that help us provide full-service, one-stop shopping for every project of virtually any size, regardless
JOHN R. COLSON
In the body of this annual report, you will see how 35%
30%
LOOKING TO THE FUTURE
ANCILLARY SERVICES
Sincerely,
Chief Executive Officer
(by customer)
22%
CABLE TV
ELECTRIC POWER
13%
5
