To Our Stockholders:
Tough conditions reveal a tougher company.
You often can’t tell what an organization is made of until you watch it deal with adversity. With the sagging economy and ongoing decline in the telecommunications markets, Quanta Services faced one of the biggest challenges in its history last year. Although 2001 was filled with obstacles, our financial results and our organizational efforts speak powerfully of the value and strength of the organization we have created.
WE INCREASED REVENUES
to $2.01 billion from $1.79 billion in 2000.
WE INCREASED CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS
to a record $210 million.
WE MAINTAINED A DIVERSE MIX OF CUSTOMERS,
involved in a diverse range of industries, requiring a diverse set of services.
WE SHIFTED ASSETS TO SUPPORT CUSTOMER DEMAND
and increased resource utilization.
WE WERE PROACTIVE
in our business development efforts, and reached out to existing and potential customers with a new regional management structure, a new marketing campaign and an industry-oriented service portfolio.

Far from losing money in a challenging year, we produced $272 million in EBITDA and reduced our debt by $79 million in the fourth quarter. In short, we did not simply survive 2001; we emerged as a much stronger company, one that is extremely well-positioned to deliver enhanced value for our customers and stockholders alike.
Staying right in the right-of-way.
Quanta was founded with the vision of
becoming the premier outsourcing partner for the electric power industry. As we assembled the resources to provide electric contracting solutions, major economic forces in multiple markets (including communications, computing and Internet-related services) continued to converge in a high-stakes race to
discover and deliver
new services. This
convergence happened
on our job sites across
the nation — the rights-
of-way over which
electric power, natural
gas, and voice and data
communications flow
from generator to
provider to consumer.
Quanta enjoyed the
upside of the resulting
boom in telecommuni-
cations, and inevitably
was affected by the
downside as funding
cooled over the past
eighteen months.
In 2001, Quanta refined its focus
on operations and acquisitions to maximize assets, leverage opportunities and
meet demands. We cross-trained our telecommunications experts to compete for electric transmission and distribution work. We led the outsourcing trend with the initiation of our agreement with Puget Sound Energy, and are building on the success of that work. In addition, we acquired
companies that complement our expertise, including an electric power contractor that increased our presence and opportunities in the Texas market.
The value of our business model continues to be augmented by market forces. Just as deregulation and the resulting increased competition have led electric utilities and power companies to focus on
core strengths and outsource network projects, the decline
in funding for telecom- munications is having the same effect. Faced with diminished financial resources and a shrinking workforce, telecommunications companies are focusing on core capabilities, and are beginning to consider the increased efficiencies and overall benefits of outsourcing the design, installation and maintenance of their networks.
Single source. Cross-selling. Best practices.
The services that Quanta provides address vital markets, because continued economic progress demands fast, reliable and cost-effective delivery of energy
and communications products and services. To deliver these services, we have assembled the only team with the resources and expertise to provide the entire range of contracting
 Here’s what we’re doing in 2002:
Electric power Delivering on the promise of our outsourcing solutions, demonstrating the cost- effectiveness of this approach to a broader range of utilities and power companies, and continuing to provide value and unsurpassed knowledge to address industry trends.
Natural gas Taking advantage of increased regulatory scrutiny and concern over the integrity of existing pipelines to highlight our expertise in such areas as corrosion testing and preventive maintenance.
Telecommunications Focusing on segments likely to recover more quickly than the industry as a whole, and remaining in a position to capitalize when funding begins to return. We will pay close attention to the quality of these contracts, monitoring margins and favoring stable, blue chip customers.
Broadband cable television Identifying and pursuing opportunities with the fastest-growing, best- financed companies in the business. We will continue to expand our service offerings to meet the industry’s evolving needs.
Specialized services Leveraging our capabilities to provide diverse services to companies involved in transportation management, highway construction and related industries while exploiting cross-selling opportunities.

services to build and maintain network infrastruc- tures on a nationwide basis. We have built this team by acquiring some of the country’s most experienced and successful contractors. Then we let them do what they do best while providing additional resources, presenting new opportunities and helping to expand their geographic reach.
We completed a number of efforts in 2001 to improve our integration
and operations:
• In early 2001,
we enhanced our executive team with the addition of Peter T. Dameris, Chief Operating Officer.
• We added strategic
expertise to our
Board with the
appointment of
Terrence Dunn,
Louis Golm and Jerry Langdon as independent directors.
• We created a regional management structure that is organized geographically to maximize synergies and leverage opportunities across our operating units.
• We supplemented this regional structure with industry panels to share expertise and anticipate developments that will affect our customers and our business.
These strategic efforts reinforce our position as the single source for all the expertise involved in network services, regardless of what commodity is flowing along the right-of-way, regardless of what company is selling it, and regardless of where the provider or consumer is located. In addition, these activities are facilitating internal communication and coordination, cross-selling, and the sharing of best practices among our operating units.
The maturity to make smart business decisions.
The challenging conditions of 2001 demanded a mature set of business skills. Faced with decreased funding, telecommunications companies delayed projects and payments. In response, we maximized our margins by becoming far more selective in the projects we pursued and the customers we sought. We focused our acquisition program on companies that would complement and extend our electrical power expertise. Taking advantage of our regional organization and industry panels, we shared best practices among our operating companies, helping those previously focused on telecommunications to expand their electrical power expertise. To communicate more clearly and powerfully with our customers, we launched a new marketing campaign, a new logo and a new web site.
Despite the adverse economic climate, we have continued to reduce our debt and produce positive cash flow. We remain well-capitalized to manage our acquisition and development plans. And we continue to expand the capabilities of our team in every important dimension — financial, operational, marketing, technological and
human resources.
We’re not waiting
for the economy.
As you can see, Quanta is not waiting around for the telecommunications market to recover, or for economic conditions to improve. In fact, our successes of the past year have galvanized our conviction in the value of this company.
Our efforts remain focused on continuing to implement the vision we had when we started the company – maximizing our opportunities, increasing stockholder value, and achieving long-term growth.
For our customers, our employees and our stockholders, what we have achieved in the past year is far more enduring than stellar financial results. Our performance and ability to withstand 2001’s difficult challenges validate our business model and organizational expertise. They prove that Quanta is a company with the management, financial and technological resources to capitalize enormously on the future of the electric power, natural gas, telecommunications and broadband cable television industries.
Sincerely,
JOHN R. COLSON
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 The Power of One
It conveys the fact that Quanta has all the equipment, expertise and manpower to design, install, repair and maintain network infrastructure — for any company, in any geographic region, from start to finish. No other organization in this country can make that claim.
   