My Fellow Stockholders
I am pleased to report that Quanta Services had another strong year serving the energy infrastructure industry. Our business flourished in 2014, in an environment where customer demands on specialty contractors increased. Quanta Services rose to and met the challenge.
Our customers’ capital programs not only continue to increase in dollar value, but are becoming larger and more complex. Our customers, more than ever before, desire cost and time certainty on project construction while remaining focused on safe project execution. As a result, many of our customers are increasingly moving into strategic relationships with Quanta. Our company stands alone as the partner of choice for these relationships, because no other company has our scope and scale, our expertise, and our ability to execute through a workforce of more than 24,000 highly skilled people – the largest in the industry.
Last year we took charges on two projects totaling $141 million, the first significant project charges in our company’s history. Both were from jobs dating back several years. One was due to an adverse arbitration decision, and the other was a settlement that preserves our relationship with a long-standing top customer, reopening the door for significant potential upcoming opportunities. I am disappointed that these charges occurred and impacted our financial results. However, we have learned from these experiences and are a stronger organization going forward.
Excluding the two charges, Quanta Services generated 20% growth in revenues, and adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 16% over the prior year, representing another year of strong performance. Also excluding the charges, operating income grew 17% over 2013. We finished 2014 with record total backlog of $9.76 billion. Quanta returned capital to stockholders with the purchase of $93.5 million of Quanta common stock in 2014. Plus, during the first quarter of 2015 we accelerated our share repurchase program, buying an additional $182 million of Quanta common stock.
  
 ACCELERATED GROWTH
Electric Power Infrastructure Services
Quanta’s electric power segment continued its multiyear growth trend in 2014. Revenues grew 17%, and excluding charges, operating margins were 10.7%. Year-end backlog increased 11% compared to the end of 2013.
Utility regulation continues to drive this business, with stricter power plant air emissions rules resulting in the retirement of coal-fired generation and replacement with natural gas-fired and renewable energy generation. This shift in generation mix creates grid reliability challenges, increasing the demand for our electric power infrastructure services.
Storm hardening, reliability initiatives and the rollout of smart grid, distributed generation and other technologies is driving the need for our distribution infrastructure services. Customers are facing the enormous challenge of meeting reliability requirements and strict regulations while keeping costs down for consumers. We are in a unique position to help them succeed.
Our deep customer relationships and ability to provide sophisticated infrastructure solutions was evident in 2014. Quanta was awarded the two largest projects in its history, both in Canada. In fact, these are two of the largest electric transmission projects ever undertaken in North America. The first is the Labrador Island Link HVdc Transmission Project. We are providing turnkey installation of approximately 1,100 kilometers of high-voltage transmission line in Labrador and Newfoundland for Nalcor Energy.
The second is the Fort McMurray West 500 kV Transmission Project in Alberta. This mega project was subject to a new competitive process, which attracted more than 25 bids from around the world. Quanta and long-time customer ATCO Group partnered to compete for the project and were awarded the project by the Alberta Electric System Operator. Quanta will provide turnkey engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) services for the entire project, which consists of approximately 500 kilometers of transmission line in Alberta, plus two new 500 kV substations. We believe this competitive approach to developing transmission infrastructure could be a trend as FERC Order 1000 is implemented in the United States. We expect to see larger and larger project opportunities in the coming years and Quanta is well positioned to take advantage of these programs.
  Quanta is in the midst of a multiyear growth cycle.
Significant electric transmission and distribution investment in U.S. and Canada
Multiyear pipeline
and related infrastructure build out of North American unconventional shales, Canadian oil sands and Australian coal seam gas
Capital programs becoming larger and more complex
End-market trends and strong backlog provide Quanta with attractive near- and long-term growth opportunities
Quanta’s financial
strength, comprehensive energy infrastructure solutions, track record of safe execution and strategic initiatives for differentiation are the foundation for
future growth
     
 Quanta is
the largest pipeline construction company in
North America. This positions
us to remain active in the shales and also allocate resources to mainline
pipe opportunities.
Oil & Gas Infrastructure Services
In 2014, segment revenues increased 31% over 2013, and our margins expanded to 8.3%, excluding certain charges. Backlog increased 14% over the comparable period in 2013.
Unconventional shales provide the United States with unprecedented access to hydrocarbons. This dynamic is an energy game changer. As a result, pipeline and related infrastructure is required to access and transport these resources to end markets. Industry experts predict it will require hundreds of billions of dollars and decades to develop the infrastructure needed to capitalize on this opportunity.
The Canadian oil sands offer significant opportunity as well. Industry studies state that Canada had 173 billion barrels of proven oil reserves at the beginning of 2014 and controls the third largest volume of proven oil reserves in the world. However, Canada does not have adequate takeaway pipeline infrastructure to move the oil to end markets. Thus, we see great potential for significant investment in mainline pipe and other energy infrastructure in North America for an extended period.
In Australia, coal seam gas is being developed to supply liquefaction for liquefied natural gas (LNG) export. There are a number of LNG export projects coming into service over the next several years and more in development that require mainline pipe and related infrastructure. We have a strong presence in Australia with our leading pipeline construction operations and believe demand for our services in Australia should remain strong for a number of years.
Fiber Optic Licensing Services
Our fiber optic licensing operations performed well in 2014. Our lit services rollout continues to progress in our northeast markets and demand for our dark fiber network remains solid. We continue to invest in our lit services strategy and are engaging current and potential new customers with the broad platform of private network communications solutions that we offer. We believe attractive growth opportunities will materialize over the next several years as our lit services offering gains traction in 2015 and beyond.
GROWTH THROUGH DIVERSITY
In 2014, we expanded our geographic footprint in the U.S., Canada and Australia. Additionally, we expanded
   
our services, largely to fortify our engineering capabilities, as many of our customers are asking Quanta to provide an EPC service offering where traditionally we have only provided construction services. Overall, Quanta is providing more value to its customers today than ever before, offering the sophisticated solutions they need to succeed in today’s ever-changing environment.
Our opportunistic approach to acquisitions continues to supplement our growth. Our approach is to buy companies with top-tier leadership that either broaden our service offering, help us establish a presence in a new geographical area, or both. In 2014, we acquired nine companies; six in Canada, two in the United States and one in Australia. These companies expanded our electric infrastructure services capabilities and enhanced our market positioning and services in the oil and gas infrastructure markets.
SAFETY TO OUR CORE
Quanta’s most important strength and differentiator is its workforce – the more than 24,000 diverse individuals who deliver safe and high quality project execution to our customers day in and day out. In 2014, Quanta employees worked more than 50 million man-hours. While our man- hours have increased for several years, our incident rates continue to fall. Quanta is a safety leader in the industry, but we must strive to always improve because no incident number other than zero is acceptable. This is the focus of every Quanta employee, from our executive team to our employees in the field, and we will never stop striving to get there.
A CONFIDENT OUTLOOK
As I write this letter, investors have expressed concerns about the outlook for commodity prices; however, we see opportunity. We do not expect to be materially impacted by recent declines in oil prices. While a prolonged period of depressed oil prices could negatively impact our business, we remain optimistic about anticipated opportunities to profitably grow in 2015 and beyond. This is an environment for gaining market share and solidifying our leadership position in the industries we service. Quanta is ready for the challenge. I believe the actions we take over the next few years will strengthen our competitive positioning for the coming decades.
   Our opportunistic approach to acquisitions continues to supplement our growth. Our approach is
to buy companies with top-tier leadership that either broaden our service offering, help us establish a presence in a new geographical area, or both.

 Unconventional shales and Canadian oil sands are energy game changers in
North America. It is imperative that energy infrastructure is built, and customers are investing record levels of capital to meet demand.
Aging energy infrastructure has faced serious underinvestment for decades, while low energy prices are beginning to fuel the economy and increase demand for power in North America. Regulation is driving power generation fuel switching, reliability standards need to be met and energy efficiency programs are being implemented, all of which are driving energy infrastructure upgrades and replacements.
Further, the unconventional shales and Canadian oil sands are energy game changers in North America. It is imperative that energy infrastructure is built, and customers are investing record levels of capital to meet demand. This is not an endeavor that will be solved in years, but in decades. As our customers’ projects and budgets grow, Quanta, as the leader, will also grow. Quanta is ready.
In closing, I would like to thank our stockholders for your continued support and confidence in Quanta. I also thank our outstanding employees for their hard work and dedication. You are on the front lines of our work every day, braving the elements, so Quanta can deliver on its promises to customers. Thank you for your service.
  James F. O’Neil, III
President and
Chief Executive Officer
