  Letter to Stockholders
Last year was one of the most economically challenging times in our nation’s history. Despite the tough economic environment, Quanta Services performed well and produced solid results in 2009. We held our footing in most areas of our business and even gained significant ground in some. Our driving strategy during the year was to use the company’s strong foundation to build business value in areas that should reward us when customer spending rebounds. We were awarded a record level of electric transmission projects in the face of decreasing power demand. We made a strategic acquisition, which catapulted Quanta to the number one specialty contractor position in the natural gas transmission infrastructure market. We also developed innovative methods that solve customer challenges and show promise to be a boon to our business, both in the short term and long term. And, the first months of 2010 are showing increased bidding activity in many of our business segments. It is with these encouraging facts that we look with optimism to 2010 and into the future.
A solid state Revenues in 2009 were $3.32 billion compared to $3.78 billion in 2008. Operating income was $242.1 million compared to $289.2 million in 2008. These results were not unexpected given the fiscal climate of 2009, yet we are pleased to report significant margin growth despite the fact that revenues from higher-margin emergency restoration work were down significantly year over year. Quanta closed 2009 with a strong liquidity position, having approximately $987 million in cash and credit availability. We have been disciplined in our pursuit of work in order to preserve the strength of our balance sheet and protect the bottom line. For example, we did not go after low- margin work just to fill backlog while our customers cut spending.
In 2009, Quanta was awarded a record level of major contracts and achieved double-digit growth in its electric transmission business. Quanta also witnessed a dichotomous effect from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. The act adversely affected our business in the beginning of the year due to lack of clarity on timing of the funding, but we are now starting to see awards and expect some potential benefits for the second half of 2010 and into 2011. The areas of smart grid deployment, power transmission, renewable energy and telecom infrastructure expansion to rural and small communities are expected to be particularly active.
$4,000 3,500 3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500 0
20% 18% 16% 14% 12% 10%
Revenues ($ in millions)
Gross Margins (gross profit as a % of revenues)
                                  2006
2007
2008 2009
Natural Gas & Pipeline Fiber Optic Licensing
2006 2007
2008 2009
Electric Power Telecomunications
    
                                                                                                                                                                            $6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
TOTAL BACKLOG AT DECEMBER 31 ($ in millions)
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS ($ in millions)
$400 350 300 250 200 150 100 50 00
2006 2007 2008 2009 2006 2007
2008 2009
                          Working to serve more customers in more ways Quanta’s competitive advantage comes from being a diverse, nationwide specialty contractor serving the electric power, natural gas and pipeline and telecommunications industries. This allows us to offer complete solutions for virtually any type of network infrastructure.
Power demand was down in 2009, yet transmission projects moved ahead as utilities worked to ensure reliable delivery and connect renewable generation sources to the grid. Quanta continues to introduce and implement new methodologies to help them meet grid reliability objectives. Industry sources project transmission capacity to triple over the next decade to meet the increasing demand. This business is strong now, and we believe only getting stronger.
As previously mentioned, Quanta made a sizable leap in building our natural gas and transmission pipeline capabilities in 2009 with the acquisition of Price Gregory Services, Incorporated. Price Gregory presented an attractive and timely opportunity to increase our presence in natural gas – an industry projected to experience increased demand over the long term. The acquisition instantly made Quanta the largest player in North America’s natural gas and transmission pipeline infrastructure services market. This growth prompted us to form a new natural gas and pipeline division, with Earl C. “Duke” Austin, Jr. serving as division president. Price Gregory came to us with a strong balance sheet and is expected to generate significant free cash flow and positively impact Quanta’s return on equity and operating margins in the future.
While Price Gregory was already a solid company, we believe the bigger story is in what the future holds. Natural gas is anticipated to be a primary source for supplying future energy demand, which is expected to grow 44 percent between 2006 and 2030, according to industry sources. Natural gas has been called the “bridge fuel” from existing fossil fuels to nuclear power, which dovetails with government mandates for energy independence and cleaner fuel. As validation, the Department of Energy predicts 900 of the next 1,000 power plants constructed in the United States will use natural gas. Thanks to increased exploration and innovative horizontal drilling technologies, natural gas shale fields are being developed nationwide. These fields will require new pipeline infrastructure to deliver the product.
Operating unit synergy Quanta continuously looks for ways to build value by being essential to customers. One way is to draw on multiple operating units for a single project to deliver turnkey solutions, which helps customers complete projects faster and more cost- effectively. An example from 2009 was a 225-mile electric transmission line in Texas. Our customer leveraged the capabilities of five Quanta operating units coordinating together simultaneously along different sections of the line. The entire line was built in only four months – a remarkable accomplishment.
Solar solutions The pace of growth in the renewable energy industry slowed in 2009, yet Quanta made headway, particularly in the solar segment. We established ourselves as a leading EPC contractor in the solar market by installing some of the largest solar facilities built in 2009. Our solar revenues increased significantly from 2008 to 2009. Although these revenues do not represent a large percentage of our overall revenue, they signify the growth potential of this market and that we are well positioned within it.
Marketable innovations In 2009, we expanded and solidified our business foundation by developing technology that helps customers overcome challenges and position themselves for the future. One such solution, known as micro-trenching, was revolutionized by Quanta during 2009. Micro-trenching facilitates the telecom service provider’s need to rapidly expand its broadband fiber networks in highly populated urban areas. The technology cuts and vacuums a trench 12 inches deep and less than one inch wide in one pass. The trench is then filled with a proprietary backfill component that is environmentally safe and designed not to shrink, erode or weather – thus protecting valuable fiber investments and street surfaces. Micro-trenching lets customers move faster and more efficiently. It cuts project times in half, reduces trenching crews by two-thirds, lowers project costs up to 75 percent, and minimizes construction emissions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                    and disruption in communities. We are using this technology to help our clients keep a competitive edge, particularly with the lagging economy, by bringing costs down. This process has additional applications such as the installation of street lights, traffic signals and other transportation infrastructure.
In pipeline services, Quanta helped customers overcome a myriad of pipeline challenges by using unique horizontal directional drilling techniques. A project of note was a ten-mile natural gas pipeline that made seven marine crossings to connect the north and south sides of Hampton Roads Harbor in Virginia. The utility was able to comply with government environmental requirements and is now better positioned to serve its growing customer base – an accomplishment that garnered honors for Quanta as Trenchless Technology magazine’s “2009 Project of the Year for New Installation.”
Recognized leader In 2009, Quanta was recognized for milestone accomplishments. Quanta was added to the S&P 500 Index and also made the list of Fortune magazine’s “100 Fastest Growing Companies.” We again achieved the number one position among utility contractors and maintained our overall number two position among all specialty contractors on Engineering News-Record’s ranking of the “Top 600 Specialty Contractors.” Our attention to the environmental aspects of our business was acknowledged by Newsweek, which named us one of the “Greenest Big Companies.”
I’m pleased to report that we continued our industry-leading safety record, posting improvements for the seventh year in a row. Due to our dedication to safety processes and training, we have been able to reduce lost time incidents (LTIs) to levels well below the national average.
Onward into 2010 No doubt 2009 was a difficult year, yet I am pleased with Quanta’s performance. We stayed the course in building a base for better years to come, and 2010 is already showing growth in electric power transmission, renewable energy and telecommunications. Plus, 2010 is projected to be an active year for contract awards, which will bolster our current business and backlog. Although we are still in the midst of a challenging economy, and its future impact cannot be clearly predicted, we are encouraged by the firm stance we have maintained and the strategies we are implementing to facilitate future growth.
In closing, I would like to thank all of our stockholders for their continued faith in our business. You have held fast through 2009, and I believe Quanta is positioned to continue its solid performance and gain strength in 2010 and beyond.
Respectfully,
John R. Colson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             