     Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line Company
500,000-volt transmission line
Pennsylvania West Virginia Virginia
  Ensuring power reliability across a wide area is no easy task when mountains stand in
the way. Quanta built the Trans-Allegheny Interstate Line (TrAIL), a project that strengthens the transmission system across three states. We brought our extensive expertise and resources to bear, and finished the project three months early for our customer.
    Quanta
Fact
Letter to StockhoLderS
With 2010 complete, we believe the worst of the economic recession is behind us and encouraging signs are ahead. Despite the recession, Quanta Services performed well in 2010. The company was awarded a number of substantial electric power, renewable and telecommunications projects, and is actively pursuing others. We see strong indications that our customers are beginning to recover from the economic downturn and invest in their infrastructure, particularly related to electric power transmission systems. The government’s stimulus program is now in full swing, and we are beginning to see increased spending in the telecommunications sector based on this program. A strategic acquisition in Canada significantly increased our electric transmission presence in this fast-growing market and advanced our objectives for international growth. Our total backlog was significantly higher at year end compared to 2009, especially in our electric power and telecommunications operations. Current bidding activity leads us to be optimistic that our backlog should improve in our natural gas and pipeline operations as well. The economic and business environment is improving, and Quanta is taking part. We have delivered, and we believe we will continue to deliver.
Building value
Revenues in 2010 were $3.93 billion compared to $3.32 billion in 2009, and we generated $240.3 million in cash flow from operations. We redeemed all of our outstanding convertible debt and utilized cash for a portion of the Canadian acquisition, yet maintained a strong cash position. Subsequent to these transactions, we still had more than $500 million in cash at year end to reinforce our stable position and give us the ability to fund future opportunities. In terms of the balance sheet, we are stronger than ever and poised for growth.
     Thirteenth largest
private fleet in the U.S.
 We have what it takes to get the
job done. In an emergency, our personnel can mobilize rapidly. Our customers don’t lose time or money gathering additional equipment or crews. We deploy. We get power and communications restored.
   reLiabLe
  more than manpower

 Because sometimes transmission lines have to leap mountains.
  
 Because sometimes you have to go to extremes to get the job done.
    
    Prudhoe Bay
Pipeline through the Arctic Ocean
 Alaska
 Conditions don’t get much harsher than on the North Slope of Alaska. This unforgiving landscape is where Quanta built nearly 20 miles of offshore and above-ground pipeline. Offshore construction included lowering a pipeline bundle through sea ice on to the sea floor. In spite of sub-zero temperatures, we attacked the project with all the equipment, expertise and personnel that were needed to get the job done.
        Quanta
Fact
Letter to Stockholders continued
Last year was challenging for certain areas of our business, yet we maintained stability across the company and achieved admirable results in other areas. Renewables is a particular highlight. We exceeded our very aggressive goal of $300 million in renewables revenues for 2010, representing a 260 percent increase compared to 2009. Looking forward, we anticipate wind revenues to be challenged in the near term, however solar opportunities remain strong with numerous projects underway and several on the horizon for 2011.
In 2010, we built for the future. We had success in bidding and winning projects that will commence in 2011, some extending out as many as five years. Overall, we see 2010 as more positive than the previous two years. We expect to continue to see this trend increasing into 2011 and beyond.
Winning Business
Quanta takes pride in its ability to undertake the most challenging jobs and deliver results. Our lineup of project awards from 2010 shows that our customers have confidence in our abilities. We had been pursuing some of these projects for years, and our efforts will be rewarded in 2011 and beyond. Following are some highlights.
Electric Transmission Central Maine Power Company awarded Quanta a contract for the construction and expansion of approximately 200 miles of transmission infrastructure. Together with our Maine-based partner, we will provide site preparation, foundations, right-of-way construction, and structure and conductor installation. This contract will generate revenue for Quanta through 2015.
Electric Transmission San Diego Gas & Electric chose Quanta for its Sunrise Powerlink project – a 117-mile transmission line that will carry renewable energy from the Imperial
     Industry-leading safety record
  Safety comes first at Quanta, and
it shows. We have improved our safety record for eight years running – a feat unmatched by our peers. Our unwavering focus in this area helps us do the best possible job for
our customers.
  devoted
  enduring extreme conditions

   Arizona Service Enhancement
13 self-sufficient wireless sites
 Arizona
  Quanta’s vast resources and expertise were utilized to strengthen wireless coverage along the U.S. southern border. In 2010, we completed work on 13 sites across southern Arizona, in which 75 tons of material was staged, rigged, airlifted and installed in 13 days.
  Quanta
Fact
Letter to Stockholders continued
Valley to San Diego. The 1,000-megawatt line will support the region’s fast-growing population, transmitting enough energy to power 650,000 homes. Construction activities have begun on the 6.2-mile underground section that will run beneath a major boulevard in Alpine, Calif.
Electric Transmission Southern California Edison gave Quanta the nod to construct Segments 6 and 11 of its Tehachapi Renewable Transmission Project. When finished, the 250-mile transmission line will carry renewable energy from wind farms in the California desert to population centers in Los Angeles and San Bernardino counties. We initiated the project with pre-construction activities in early 2011.
Utility Outsourcing In early 2011, Puget Sound Energy (PSE) awarded Quanta a contract for natural gas system construction, operation and maintenance services. Quanta has been providing similar services for PSE’s electric power infrastructure for the past decade. Building upon that track record, they are now entrusting us to handle the natural gas side as well. This contract is expected to generate approximately $400 million in revenues over the five-year term.
Fiber Licensing Even through the recession, this area of our business grew and maintained strong margins and is sustaining growth. Quanta was selected to construct a 1,600-mile fiber optic network spanning 39 counties in Pennsylvania that has the potential to serve more than 5 million individuals. Valued at $118.5 million, this network is being built for a coalition of colleges, universities, research facilities, health care systems and economic development organizations. The genesis for this project was a $99.6 million grant from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. It is the sixth- largest broadband stimulus project awarded to date. Quanta is investing $24 million in matching funds into the network over two years and in turn will receive certain proprietary rights which will benefit our fiber licensing business.
     Workforce nearly
14,000 strong
 Quanta employs the largest non-utility workforce in the industry. No matter the size or complexity of the job, we have the brainpower and manpower in-house to deliver on the promises we make to our customers.
  reSourcefuL
  unique methods minimize environmental impact

 Because new technologies demand service even in the most remote areas.
  
 Because sometimes there’s no substitute for experience and teamwork.
    
   Eurus Energy America
39-megawatt solar farm
 California
 Eurus Energy America chose Quanta to construct one of the largest solar facilities built to date. Our specialized experts work as a team to handle all aspects of the project – engineering, procurement, construction and interconnection. Eurus was able to contract with the one source they could count on for efficiency, quality and on-time completion.
  Letter to Stockholders continued
Renewables – Solar Eurus Energy America selected Quanta to provide comprehensive engineering, design, site preparation and construction of three utility-scale solar facilities near Avenal, Calif. When completed, these three projects will provide enough renewable energy to power approximately 31,000 homes. This is a fast-track project expected to be completed in 2011.
acquiring groWth
International expansion plays a significant role in Quanta’s growth strategy, and we made considerable headway in October 2010 when we acquired Valard Construction. Valard is considered one of Canada’s premier electric power line contractors and has served the country’s energy industry for more than 30 years. This transaction was valued at $220 million. We anticipate that Valard will add between $225 million to $250 million to our revenues in 2011.
Canada is one of the fastest growing electric transmission markets. The country is the world’s second largest exporter of electricity and presents significant opportunities for expanding and upgrading the transmission infrastructure. We wanted to increase our presence in Canada, and we did it in a big way. Valard brings approximately 700 employees with diverse expertise in engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) services. The company is highly experienced in building high- voltage transmission lines, distribution infrastructure, substations and fiber optic systems. Like Quanta, Valard takes on the tough jobs, installing projects across challenging, rugged terrain – often in arctic conditions. Quanta benefits by advancing into the Canadian market, and Valard’s customers benefit from Quanta’s resources, broad service offering and financial strength.
  Quanta
Fact
  2010 revenues
of $3.93 billion
Revenues
$ in millions
 $4,000 3,500 3,000 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000
500
0
07* 08 09** 10***
Electric Power Natural Gas & Pipeline Telecommunications Fiber Optic Licensing
Even through the most challenging economic times, Quanta continues to flourish. In addition to achieving revenue growth, Quanta ended 2010 with more than $500 million in cash, giving us the resources to fund future plans.
* Includes the results of InfraSource subsequent to Sept. 1, 2007.
** Includes the results of Price Gregory Services subsequent to Oct. 1, 2009.
*** Includes the results of Valard Construction subsequent to Oct. 25, 2010.
                              empowered
  a better way to get the job done

  John R. Colson Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  Quanta
Fact
Total backlog of $6.3 billion
Letter to Stockholders continued
delivering in 2011
Currently, we believe the worst of the recession is behind us. A recent poll by The Wall Street Journal showed that economists are expecting more than three percent growth in the U.S. economy over the coming year. We are beginning to see increased spending across all the industries we serve, and we expect this to continue as our customers return their focus to investing in infrastructure – a strong indicator of growth.
In closing, I am pleased to report that Quanta still leads the industry in safety. We improved our record for the eighth year in a row, reducing lost time incidents to levels well below the national average.
As we look forward with optimism toward an improving business landscape, I would like to thank all of our stockholders for their continued confidence. We have demonstrated to our customers that Quanta delivers. We are fully dedicated to doing the same for all of our stakeholders in 2011 and beyond.
Respectfully,
John R. Colson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
       Total Backlog at December 31
$ in millions
$7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
08 09 1100
Electric Power Natural Gas & Pipeline Telecommunications Fiber Optic Licensing
Quanta achieved substantial backlog growth in 2010 compared to 2009. We are also currently bidding on several projects that we believe can bolster our backlog even further.
We look to the future encouraged and energized.
                        connected
  a nationwide network of experts
