   2002. Unprecedented challenges.
   Letter to Shareholders
We knew 2002 would be a very tough year for Quanta Services; but the year produced unprecedented and unforeseeable challenges. As the year began, the previously booming telecommunications industry was already in the midst of a contraction that continues to this day. The electric power industry, struggling to reinvent itself in an increasingly deregulated environment, was rocked by energy trading scandals. Investor confidence in corporate management was profoundly shaken by a series of high-profile accounting scandals, questionable financial practices and bankruptcies. In fact, of the 20 largest bankruptcies in U.S. history, seven occurred in 2002, and three of our customers were among them. The overall economy was down, depressing demand for the services our customers provide, regardless of whether they are “discretionary” (like cable television and cellular services) or “mandatory” (like electric power and natural gas). From an accounting standpoint, new accounting standards (specifically, FASB 142) meant that many public companies had to take significant goodwill write-offs during 2002, depressing as-reported financial performance and reinforcing skepticism among investors.

   Reduced costs.
Reduced long-term debt.
Maintained a positive cash flow.
Secured
a major investment.
Introduced a major new product.
Reorganized into two divisions to improve operations.
In the midst of these difficult challenges, we found ourselves the target of a determined proxy battle waged by a far larger corporation. Because we believed the take over terms offered by that corporation represented a distinct loss of value for our stockholders, we fought vigorously to maintain the company’s independence. Based on the opinions of many knowledgeable analysts, our prospects for maintaining independence were slim. The battle was expensive, both in terms of actual cost (approximately $12 million) and in the share of management expertise diverted from core operations.
We not only survived these challenges, but I believe we have emerged as a stronger organization. And one whose vision — to be the preeminent nationwide provider of the services needed to design, install, repair and maintain all types of transmission network infrastructure — remains today as sound as when we formed the company in 1997.
Here’s how we strengthened the company last year:
By improving organizational efficiencies and redeploying resources from telecommunications to electric power work, we took costs out of our operations. In response to both specific market conditions and the overall economic slowdown, we also reduced our workforce by approximately 15%.
Despite decreased revenues and the substantial cost of the proxy battle, we reduced our debt by $116 million, and also renegotiated our credit facilities.
We recorded free cash flow of $72 million, and cash flow from operations of $121.5 million. Given specific market conditions and an economy in recession, this represented a noteworthy achievement.
Following an in-depth evaluation of our business strategy, First Reserve made a substantial investment in Quanta. This decision came from a respected organization whose due diligence and commitment have provided an external vote of confidence in the future of our business.
The new, larger Linemaster® robotic arm is a device for manipulating power lines carrying up to 345,000 volts of electricity. In combination with our other energized techniques, the Linemaster gives us the ability to install, maintain or upgrade live trans- mission and distribution lines. This means faster and more cost-effective maintenance for the utility, and no interruption in service for the consumer.
As of January first of this year, John Wilson became President of Electric Power and Gas Operations, and Luke Spalj became President of Telecommunications and
          
   Intensify our focus on outsourcing solutions.
Continuously adjust our resources to exploit areas
of opportunity.
Cable Operations. I believe their efforts will help to take Quanta’s focus, coordination and communication to the next level, ensuring that the organization continues to be far more than the sum of its operating units. As part of this new structure, we also consolidated 12 operations where there were regional or operational synergies.
What we’re doing this year.
Each of our key markets continues to face significant challenges.
Regulated or not, electric utility companies must continue to reduce costs. In general, while generation capacity has grown, delivery has lagged as a result of increasing bottlenecks in the transmission network. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is considering regulatory changes that could lead to the formation of independent transmission companies to ensure that the transmission network receives the attention it needs.
Sharing the turmoil in the energy markets, companies providing natural gas are striving to reduce costs while working harder to guarantee the continued safe operation of their pipelines. New legislation continues to stiffen the requirements for pipeline testing and maintenance.
In terms of large-scale network buildouts, telecommunications will not return in the foreseeable future to its pace of several years ago. With an overabundance of long-haul capacity, the focus will be on completing “last mile” connections in cities and introducing fiber in rural settings and in specific environments like university campuses.
Linked as it is to the telecommunications industry, the cable television market is facing restructuring through mergers and increasingly intense financial challenges.
Every one of these markets is saddled with the continuous challenge of maintaining, replacing or upgrading infrastructure that is aging, decreasing in efficiency and increasing in cost, while also protecting against the risk of sudden and potentially catastrophic failure.
To optimize our response to these conditions, we will:
As our experience with Puget Sound Energy has shown, outsourcing is a powerful way for companies to decrease costs associated with infrastructure services while enabling them to devote more attention to core activities. Our extensive capabilities allow us to function as asset managers for the enormous investments organizations have made in transmission network infrastructure.
Our track record of exceptional responsiveness to restoration needs following storms proves that we can provide needed services, manpower and equipment immediately, without significant impact on ongoing projects. Our market standing and strong reputation position us to leverage and capture growth opportunities such as the increased demand for our proprietary energized services and growing need to upgrade our national power transmission grid.
  
   Redirect our telecommunications activities and reduce costs.
Leverage our expertise in gas line testing and maintenance.
Keep on working.
We will continue to shift our telecommunications focus from long-haul to last mile applications. Our efforts to reduce costs and increase efficiencies throughout our operations remain a priority.
We will continue to exploit the value of our maintenance, repair and inspection services to the gas transmission industry to help address increasingly stringent testing and maintenance requirements.
We will remain vigilant for the opportunities afforded by changes in technology and government regulation, two of the most significant market drivers in the industries we serve.
Operationally, we expect our new organizational structure to improve our responsiveness to changing market needs and the speed and efficiency with which we deliver solutions. The combination of strong regional operating companies with the connections, expertise and financial muscle of our corporate entity continues to work for us.
The vision remains clear.
The downturn in the telecommunications industry, turmoil in the energy markets, economic recession, proxy battle costs, goodwill write-offs and customer bankruptcies are not excuses: they formed the environment in which we operated. We are more committed than ever to increasing stockholder value. The actions we took to respond to the environment proved the depth of that commitment and have, I believe, helped us become stronger and more competitive. These events have demonstrated once again the value of the vision on which Quanta was built:
• To assemble and deploy the resources to provide end-to-end services for all types of transmission network infrastructure.
• To serve markets that are critical to sustaining and enhancing the quality of life for individuals, communities and businesses.
Regardless of where they are or what they’re doing, people need the power to connect, the power to communicate and the power to control costs. I believe no company in the country is better equipped than Quanta to deliver that power.
Sincerely,
JOHN R. COLSON
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      