Chairman’s Letter
Dear Shareholder:
In 2010, the Praxair team proved to be nimble and resource- ful while navigating shifting economic conditions around the world. Excellent project execution and new business gains, combined with rigorous cost management and $400 million in productivity savings, added up to record earnings per share, up 19% from the prior year. Total shareholder return was 21% compared to 15% for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. Just after year-end, we announced the 18th consecutive annual increase in Praxair’s dividend.
Sales were up 13% from 2009, reflecting volume growth in all geographic regions and end markets. Oper- ating profit was up 15%, outpacing sales growth, and our operating margin increased to 21.4% -- a record.
We generated strong operating cash flow which helped fund construction of large on-site projects under long- term contracts, certain acquisitions related primarily to new business in the Middle East, as well as dividends and stock repurchases.
Financial metrics are not the sole measures of our success. Our global team’s safety performance during 2010 achieved best-ever levels in terms of reducing injuries and preventing product vehicle accidents. For the eighth consecutive year, Praxair was selected as a component of the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index – the only industrial gases company to be included in the 2010-2011 Index.
The emerging economies of South America, Asia and Mexico currently account for 36% of Praxair’s world- wide sales and are expected to reach 45% by 2015. In 2010, we initiated operations in two new geographies: Russia and the Middle East. We established a joint venture with ROC, a leading industrial gas supplier in the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait, and landed our first on-site contract with the United Steel Company in Bahrain. In Russia, we contracted to supply Nikochem, a leading polyvinyl chlo- ride producer, and Evraz, a major global steel producer.
The energy sector continues to be a major source of growth, generated primarily by hydrogen demand for oil refining. We started up our largest hydrogen facility to date in Indiana to supply BP, and are building another hydrogen plant to supply Indian Oil Corporation’s new refinery beginning 2012. Praxair also signed contracts to supply enhanced oil recovery projects with ExxonMobil in Texas and an Abu Dhabi company in the Middle East.
Demand from biofuels and solar-cell customers continues to grow, and 15 new contracts were signed to supply solar-cell manufacturers during the year. Praxair is the largest industrial gas supplier to the polysilicon market, and currently serves more than 50 photovoltaic manufacturing facilities worldwide.
Financial comparisons are non-GAAP measures.
The coal gasification market in China continues to provide significant opportunities for Praxair. We will be starting up our second large air separation plant to supply a coal gasification project later this year and are currently pursuing several large projects that we expect to come to fruition in the coming months.
Between 2% and 3% of Praxair’s annual sales growth is generated by applications technologies that help cus- tomers reduce operating costs, increase process efficiencies and improve their environmental performance. For example, Praxair’s ozone disinfection technology was installed at two plants that supplied drinking water to the 2010 Shanghai Expo Park. In the steel industry, Praxair’s dilute oxygen combustion technology helped reduce fuel consumption at an ArcelorMittal mill in Indiana by 260,000 million Btu per year.
In July 2010 we added a new director to our board. Oscar de Paula Bernardes is a former chief executive offi- cer of Bunge International, a leading global agribusiness company. He brings a wealth of global business experi- ence to the board and has an in-depth understanding of the business environment in South America, particularly in Brazil.
Looking ahead, I believe Praxair is in its best position ever. In the U.S., Canada and Europe, where we anticipate modest but steady economic recovery, our continued focus on operational discipline will help generate earnings growth that exceeds underlying economic performance. We expect much stronger growth in the emerging economies, where increased consumer spending is attracting investment in industrial-gas-intensive industries such as metals, chem- icals and energy production.
Delivering consistent, superior performance through the economic cycles is the hallmark of Praxair, and we expect nothing different in the years ahead. Praxair people consistently step up to a challenge and raise the performance bar in key areas such as safety, environmental perform- ance, productivity and compliance. I am proud to be part of a skilled, dedicated, global team who demonstrate daily our mission of “making our planet more productive.”
Steve Angel
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer February 23, 2011
page i
 