Chairman’s Letter
Dear Shareholder:
The Praxair team demonstrated outstanding leadership during 2011, delivering record results and outperforming our competition in operating margin and return on capital. Our engineering team did an exceptional job of starting more than a dozen new major projects around the world within 1% of budget and 3% of schedule. We also expanded our industry-leading portfolio of air separation plant product lines with four new offerings.
Adjusted earnings per share were up 15% from the prior year. Total shareholder return on Praxair’s stock in 2011 was 14% compared with 2% for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and negative 10% for the Standard & Poor’s Materials Index. Just after year-end, we announced the 19th consecutive annual increase in Praxair’s dividend.
Sales were up 11% from 2010, reflecting volume growth in energy, metals, manufacturing and chemicals end markets. Adjusted operating profit increased 14%, outpacing sales growth, and our operating margin reached a record 22%. An important contribution to these results was $375 million in productivity savings from Six Sigma and Lean projects, operational excellence programs and global sourcing initiatives.
We generated record operating cash flow of $2.5 billion, which helped fund construction of large on-site projects under long-term contracts. We also increased ownership in Yara Praxair, our Scandinavian joint venture, acquired several industrial and specialty packaged gases businesses in the U.S. and invested in a joint venture in the Middle East.
Beyond financial results, I am particularly proud of our global team’s best-ever safety performance during 2011. Worldwide, recordable injuries were down 22% and serious vehicle accidents were down 26%. This is a tribute to the rigorous vigilance of each and every employee in maintaining a safe workplace wherever we operate.
Praxair was again selected as a component of the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index, which evaluates companies on their economic, social and environmental contributions. Praxair is the only U.S.-based company in the chemical sector selected for the World Index for nine consecutive years. Separately, Forbes magazine named Praxair among the top 50 “World’s Most Innovative Companies.”
Our strategic focus on energy markets, emerging economies and environmental applications as growth platforms played a key role in our success during the year. In the energy sector, demand for hydrogen from our refining customers continues to increase at about 20% annually. Hydrogen is essential to the production of cleaner-burning transportation fuels. We announced a significant expansion of our hydrogen supply capabilities along the U.S. Gulf
Coast, including new plants in Texas and Louisiana and a pipeline extension. Across the globe, a new plant to supply Indian Oil Corporation is currently underway. In other energy sectors, there was a substantial increase in oil-well services and gases sales to natural gas fracturing activity in the U.S., Canada and Mexico.
In China, we are commissioning our second world-scale cryogenic plant for the coal gasification sector, which is strategic to the government’s goal of reducing dependence on imported energy. Projects underway in Korea are expected to double our sales to the electronics industry over the next several years. In South America, we are complementing our leadership position in Brazil with expansion into other high growth countries. In Russia, we have four projects under construction serving the steel, glass and chemical markets.
Applications technologies, many of which deliver environmental and efficiency benefits to customers are an increasingly significant contributor to annual sales growth. As an example of how we are “making our planet more productive,” use of our oxygen instead of air in metal production, glass furnaces and aluminum recycling saves fuel, reduces emissions and often reduces capital costs for the customer. In other sectors, Praxair is leading the use of industrial gases in the treatment of drinking water as well as industrial and municipal wastewater, helping to address global issues of water quality, water scarcity and waste management.
In summary, Praxair has a proven track record of achieving profitable growth through a variety of economic cycles, and 2011 was no exception. Since 2000, in a decade marked by two recessions, the cumulative average growth in Praxair’s earnings per share has been 12% compared with 5% for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.
We embark on 2012 with a record number of projects under construction that will generate significant revenue growth as they start up between now and 2014. At the same time, our laser-like focus on operational and capital discipline should maintain our industry-leading return on capital and solid earnings growth. I have full confidence that our global team’s creativity, integrity and outstanding business acumen will continue to deliver shareholder and customer value in the years ahead.
Steve Angel
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer February 29, 2012
 Financial comparisons are non-GAAP measures.
