  {TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS & EMPLOYEES}
PRAXAIR EMBARKS ON THE NEW CENTURY preparedto launch a new era in its own history. It was just after the turn of the 20th century when Praxair started up the first commercial oxygen plant in North America. Since then, the company has led the industry in a steady expansion of markets and technologies. Now, Praxair is reinventing itself to capture the benefits of global connectivity.
We are proceeding from strength. Total return on Praxair’s stock during 1999 was 45%, compared to an average of 21% for the Standard and Poor’s 500 Index. Just after year-end, the board declared our eighth consecutive dividend increase, and, for the seventh consecutive year, we have had record net income. After-tax return
on invested capital, a key financial measure for Praxair, improved to 11.2%. Our target debt-to-capital ratio remains 50%, and we ended 1999 at 52%. While our earnings per share increase of 5% in 1999 was below our objective, it was achieved despite
a 32% devaluation and a major recession in Brazil, our second-largest market.
I am particularly pleased to report significant improvement in our safety perfor- mance, continuing a steady reduction in personnel injuries over the past three years. Total injuries were down 17%, which means 94 fewer employees were hurt compared to the previous year. Furthermore, lost workday cases were down 42%, reflecting the success of our emphasis on avoiding unsafe behavior and sharing best practices across the company.
In the course of various merger discussions that occurred in the industry last year, Praxair participated in friendly negotiations with BOC and AGA, two major industrial gases companies. However, we decided that the value to our shareholders did not justify the substantial cash premiums and loss of financial flexibility which would have resulted from acquiring these companies. Praxair retains leadership in our target markets; our balance sheet remains healthy; and we intend to concentrate our efforts and resources on the substantial opportunities for growth around the world.
Our financial goals are clear: double-digit earnings growth and improving return on capital. Our business strategies have two basic components: achieve world-class perfor- mance in our base business and redefine our offerings to bring customers higher value.
Consistent with this strategy, we restructured our top management team. Within the Office of the Chairman, Paul Bilek has taken on responsibility for industrial gases operations around the world, with the regional businesses reporting to him. Paul will lead the continuing improvement in Praxair’s core processes, particularly as they impact the customer. John Clerico retains responsibilities as chief financial officer while adding
11
 
 SAFETY IMPROVEMENT
2.25 1.50 0.75
0
accountability for the rapid development of Praxair’s electronic commerce initiatives. And Tom von Krannichfeldt was appointed executive vice president in charge of our global market segments. Tom, who previously was president of Praxair Surface Technologies, will focus on integrating all of Praxair’s capabilities to accelerate sales growth in our target markets and broaden our service offerings.
To achieve consistently high levels of satisfaction among Praxair’s core customers, along with low-cost performance internally, regional business units are continuing to improve their business processes by sharing more expertise across national boundaries. For example, our global procurement initiative, which has already achieved substantial savings in North and South America, began consolidating purchases in Europe during 1999. Praxair Surface Technologies successfully piloted a Six-Sigma program, and now our North American logistics and distribution groups are adopting Six-Sigma processes in order to make step-changes in operating efficiency.
NEW OPPORTUNITIES THROUGH E-BUSINESS Weareexcited about the role that information technology is playing to both streamline service to existing customers and to stimulate new business. For several years we have utilized computer- ized, remote tracking of customer product inventories and on-board computers on trucks that facilitate logistics and record-keeping. More recently, we installed systems in Asia and Europe to better integrate financial accounting.
Now Praxair is keenly focused on the opportunities presented by the Internet which is dramatically changing long-established business practices in many industrial sectors, including our own. We are in the early stages of developing electronic com- merce capabilities, and made rapid progress in 1999. In one pilot project, a number
of customers in different industries are ordering product and tracking deliveries and inventory through a dedicated Internet connection. In some cases, this already has led to increased sales as customers are exposed to Praxair’s total capabilities through this channel. A new on-line marketplace, Shop@Praxair,SM is another pilot project. Initially designed to serve a very select group of customers, it sets the stage for future expansion of goods and services offered over the Internet. We also are leveraging the experience of other companies, establishing partnerships to provide customers with an expanded array of products and services. We are moving quickly to capitalize on a number of additional business-to-business opportunities that will complement our growth strategies.
                97 98 99
Recordable injury rates Lost workday case rate
   12

   DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
before cumulative effect of accounting changes
$2.75
$2.50
$2.25
$2.00
GROWTH POTENTIAL InadditiontoexploringtheInternetchannels,our approach to gaining new business is undergoing change. Integrated with our traditional gases and applications technologies are services that put the full range of Praxair’s knowledge and capabilities at the service of customers. Success will decrease the rela- tive capital-intensity of our portfolio, accelerate the sales contribution from invested capital, and improve our after-tax return on capital.
For example, Praxair’s Point OneSM service alliance for semiconductor manufacturers was extended and strengthened. Typically, chipmakers have to coordinate multiple suppliers in the planning, building and management of their manufacturing facilities. Praxair’s Point One fab integration services streamline the building process and expedite start-up.
In another strategic alliance, Merck KGaA Electronic Chemicals and Praxair announced a global alliance and also agreed to jointly develop new semiconductor process materials, the first collaboration of its kind in the industry.
In the healthcare segment, three major purchasing organizations in North America have signed up for Praxair’s one-stop shop for medical gases, equipment and services. One recently introduced element of this comprehensive offering is a highly successful Grab ’n GoTM portable medical system that streamlines oxygen delivery. Several thousand have been ordered by hospitals and health groups across North America, and we expect orders to multiply several-fold during 2000.
We see opportunities to differentiate our offering in the food and beverage segment based on the need for higher standards of food safety. We are bringing the potential to save more than 15 billion gallons of water and $70 million each year
to the U.S. poultry processing industry through a water recycling system that helps increase production and reduce water consumption without compromising food safety.
Our team of shielding gases specialists in both North and South America have won significant new business in the metal fabrication segment by helping customers cut their costs while improving efficiency and product quality — an example of how, even in industrial markets, value-added services can achieve gains.
Several oil refining customers in North America are using Praxair’s new rapid-response hydrogen supply service, which, in most cases, can be installed at the customer’s site within 48 hours and does not require a long-term contract. To meet the projected 20% growth in hydrogen demand, two major projects expanded Praxair’s Gulf Coast hydrogen pipeline capacity by more than 20%. We also increased carbon monoxide and synthesis gas capacity for this important market.
          97 98 99
 13

   OPERATING CASH FLOW Millions of dollars
$1,000
$750
$500
$250
14
Technology licensing is yet another way we are adding new revenue streams.
By separating our technology from gas sales, we are able to serve companies whether or not they buy their gas from Praxair. Last year, we licensed Praxair’s patented CoJetTM gas injection technology to companies representing about 10% of the steel mini-mill capacity in North America. Extension of this and other technology to integrated and stainless steel producers will be launched this year.
Over the past five years, Praxair Surface Technologies has made 18 acquisitions and experienced double-digit growth rates. Among its acquisitions in 1999 was TAFA Group, an international supplier of thermal spray technologies, equipment and products to the aircraft, automotive and general industrial markets. The subsidiary also acquired from Sony Corporation of America the assets of Materials Research Corporation, a supplier of materials used in making semiconductor devices. Together with offerings from the industrial gases side of our business, the widening range of products that Praxair Surface Technologies is able to offer the semiconductor industry helps differentiate Praxair in a highly competitive market.
Despite solid contributions from acquisitions, the subsidiary’s operating profit was flat last year due to tough conditions in some of its traditional markets. Cost- management initiatives have been put in place to regain operating profit momentum.
GEOGRAPHIC MARKETS Whenwesurveyourmarketsfromageographic perspective, we see many signs that point to improving performance in the months ahead. Our North American industrial gases business is seeing a cyclical rebound
in the steel and chemical markets, and the packaged gases business should benefit from new offerings and productivity improvement actions taken over the last year.
Europe turned in a strong performance during 1999, and we expect to see continued strength in Spain and Italy.
I am proud of the way the White Martins management team in Brazil has been able to manage through a difficult economic environment. To underscore our confi- dence in the long-term profitability of our business in Brazil, we made a tender offer
at the end of 1999 for the remaining 24% of the shares of White Martins. The required regulatory reviews are expected to be completed by the end of the first quarter 2000. We are encouraged by the strengthening economy in Brazil, and our White Martins team has repeatedly demonstrated an ability to quickly recover from economic and political upheavals. Major reengineering projects are positioning the business for success in the new economic environment.
          97 98 99
 
 In Asia, we substantially increased our presence in India during 1999, complet- ing several small acquisitions and the successful start-up of our large air separation plant supplying the Jindal steel mill. Our businesses in Korea and Thailand demonstrated strong recovery from the previous year’s currency crisis.
Based on China’s continuing development of its markets for global commerce, Praxair has actively supported the U.S. government’s efforts to include China in the World Trade Organization. Praxair now has five wholly-owned companies, three joint ventures, three partnerships, a technology center as well as several strategic alliances in China. During 1999, we added carbon dioxide capacity, started up a new air separa- tion plant and formed a joint venture in southern China, a new market for us.
A N E W E R A On February 22 this year, the board of directors elected Dennis H. Reilley to the position of president and chief executive officer of Praxair. Dennis, who is 47 and formerly executive vice president and chief operating officer of DuPont Co., will succeed me as chief executive officer on March 15. When I retire from Praxair in November, Dennis will assume the additional title of chairman.
During my eight years as chairman and chief executive officer of Praxair, I have seen many stunning technological and marketplace changes and faced some interesting cycles in the global economy. I am proud of what the Praxair team has accomplished, and I would like to thank you, the shareholders, for your strong support throughout those years. Dennis is a talented leader and skilled businessman and I know he is committed to Praxair’s goal of creating value for its customers and shareholders.
So this is a good time to invest in Praxair. Industry fundamentals are good and getting better. Sales and earnings momentum is in our favor. I believe our strategies, well-executed, will bring sustained earnings growth and improved return on capital. I am confident because I know Praxair employees are ready to deliver, and, in doing so, take Praxair into a new era.
H. William Lichtenberger
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer February 25, 2000
15
  