TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND EMPLOYEES
I joined Praxair in early 2000, excited about the prospect of guiding an already successful company to a new level of performance. With the new century, I believed together we could bring fresh perspectives to the business, and I looked forward to working with a team, who by reputation and through personal experience, I knew to be smart and innovative.
I have not been disappointed.
Over the past year, we have quickened the pace of decision-making, established new investment criteria, and restructured our base business in the U.S. We have reallocated resources to promote growth and sustained competitive advan- tage. We have been able to move quickly because we were willing to look beyond our traditional business and envision what it would take to be an industrial company in a new economy.
A key motivator is our frustration over Praxair’s stock price, which ended the year down 12% from 1999. Going forward, we are commit-
ted to doing what it takes to attract a premium valuation for Praxair’s stock.
The industry is a solid one, the opportunities are there, and Praxair has the drive and capabilities. We have adjusted our business strategies to achieve the growth and rates of return that we believe will attract investors.
Our financial goals are straightforward: 1) double-digit growth in earnings per share and cash flow from operations; 2) after-tax
return on capital in the mid-teens; 3) substantial free cash flow; and 4) debt-to- capital of 50%.
In 2000, the Praxair team delivered a 10% increase in earnings per share, excluding repositioning and special charges, while exceeding
$5 billion in sales, up 9% over the previous year. After three years of after-tax return on capital of just over 11%, Praxair generated a return of 12%. We are proud to have the highest return on capital among our industrial gases peers,
3

4
achieved through sound financial strategies and by reducing capital spending without sacrificing earnings growth. Debt-to-capital at the end of the year was 56%. We have put in place the strategies that will allow us to make further improvements in 2001.
As part of our effort to realign resources with a new business strategy, we took repositioning and special charges in the 2000 fourth quarter of
$159 million and $2 million of equity income. The charges cover actions to reallocate resources away from areas less critical to achieving our goals, and to focus attention on the best opportunities to create value for our shareholders. Actions included closing high-cost manufacturing facilities and streamlining support functions, result- ing in a three-percent reduction in Praxair’s global workforce.
Before covering our business strategy in more detail, I am pleased to report that the Praxair team continued its improvement trend in safety
performance during 2000, reducing lost workday cases by 17%. To keep up the momentum, teams of employees identified the best practices employed by Praxair’s safest facilities and are sharing this information with the rest of the organization.
Office of the Chairman (from left):
James S. Sawyer, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dennis H. Reilley, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Paul J. Bilek, Executive Vice President
Thomas W. von Krannichfeldt, Executive Vice President
World-Class Base Business Our business strategy essentially has two parts: increase the rate of return on our global industrial gases business and develop a faster- growing, less capital-intensive portfolio of services and technology offerings.
Capital discipline is the cornerstone of our strategy to expand and optimize our strong base of industrial gases businesses around the world. One of
my first actions in early 2000 was to raise the required rates of return for capital projects. In addition, we are narrowing our geographic focus to those countries that demonstrate above-average growth and where Praxair is able to earn good returns.
Praxair’s geographic portfolio has one of the highest weighted averages of underlying economic growth rates among the major industrial gases
companies. This reflects our leading position in North and South America and our sig- nificant presence in southern Europe. In Asia, we have strong, established businesses in South Korea and Thailand, and have invested heavily in the rapidly growing markets of India and China. But we believe we can further strengthen this portfolio; where other

 5

 6
Healthcare: Beyond its longstanding supply of pure oxygen and bulk storage equipment to hospitals and other med- ical facilities worldwide, Praxair delivers respira- tory therapy gases and equipment, and a host of on-site gas-management services, including asset, inventory, transaction and distribution manage- ment. Praxair’s home oxygen services provide respiratory patients with life support, as well as therapies to help with sleep disorders or other illnesses in the home environment.

<O2
Breathe Easier. Speed and safety are vital when a patient needs oxygen. Praxair’s innovative Grab ‘n GoTM portable medical oxygen system is stream- lined to eliminate extra parts and to deliver oxygen quickly, safely and economically. Austin Regional Medical Clinic in Austin, Texas, is just one
of hundreds of healthcare facilities throughout the U.S. and Canada that are using the Grab ’n Go system. And it’s just one of a full range of healthcare products and services that Praxair offers.
regional positions do not measure up to our financial goals, we will require near-term improvement or exit these markets.
Reviewing the business by region, our U.S. business achieved record sales in 2000, but experienced the beginnings of an economic slow-
down and unprecedented increases in electricity, fuel and natural gas prices. In response, we launched an aggressive pricing program, which offset some of the energy cost increases. In addition, we strengthened our energy-management program for purchased power, and are implementing new customer contract terms and conditions that will provide more flexibility in a period of uncertain energy prices.
Other steps to strengthen the performance of the U.S. industrial gases business included the formation of four new regional organizations designed to bring management closer to customers and enable better coordination
of customer-support activities at the local level. At the same time, we eliminated duplicate overhead and launched a Six-Sigma initiative to stimulate new and sustain- able levels of productivity.
Other segments of our North American industrial gases business in Canada and Mexico turned in a strong performance during the year.
Praxair Distribution, our North American packaged-gases business, has achieved seven consecutive quarters of same-store sales growth.
In South America, the strong economic recovery underway in Brazil contributed to improved performance. Sales increased 10% and operating profit
was up 28%, excluding currency effects and a divestiture. We completed a tender offer, initiated in December 1999, for the outstanding shares of White Martins, Praxair’s Brazilian subsidiary. By increasing ownership from 76.6% prior to the tender offer to 98.6%, Praxair is benefiting from increased cash flow and earnings.
Praxair’s businesses in Spain and Italy had excellent operat- ing performance during the year. Although the weak Euro affected U.S. dollar results,
net income was largely protected by currency hedges.
7

8
Our business in Asia generated double-digit sales and operating profit growth, led by South Korea and Thailand. We continued to expand
our position in India, while restructuring certain packaged gases operations in order to generate higher returns. Praxair’s six wholly-owned companies and seven joint ventures have established a leading position for Praxair in China, where we are focusing on new opportunities in higher-growth markets.
In three important base-business industry segments — metal fabrication, primary metals and chemicals and refining — we shifted from
global to regional management, allowing for more efficient allocation of resources. Metal fabrication offers growth opportunities through welding-productivity pro- grams. Hydrogen demand from refining customers was up substantially during 2000, and is expected to continue at high levels as that industry responds to clean-air requirements. For refining, chemicals and primary metals, we will focus on expand- ing regional pipeline complexes, and will invest only very selectively in new, stand- alone, on-site projects. Praxair operates such complexes on the Texas-Louisiana
Gulf Coast; in northern Indiana; western Canada; Salvador, Brazil; Antwerp, Belgium; northern Spain; and Beijing, China.
300mm>
Targeted Response. 300mm is the diameter of silicon wafers being used to produce the next generation of integrated circuits. Praxair Surface Technologies supplies the high-purity sputtering targets that deposit thin films onto these wafers. Produced in a variety of materials including tantalum, copper, titanium and aluminum alloys, these targets are highly-engineered to achieve uniform properties across the surface of each and every wafer. Praxair Surface Technologies’ targets meet the exacting needs of its world-class semiconductor customers and equipment manufacturers.
Less capital-intensive growth portfolio To augment our base busi- ness, we are developing unconventional sources of growth — sources that leverage our strengths, but also take full advantage of our considerable intellectual capital — as a means to develop new revenue streams. Today, aside from Praxair Surface Technologies, services and technology-licensing account for about 3% of sales.
By the end of 2004, we expect this to grow to 14% of sales. We do not underestimate the challenge of repositioning an industrial company as a more service-oriented business, but we are confident that we have the skill, ingenuity and knowledge to get the job done.

 Praxair Surface Technologies develops high-performance coatings and allied tech- nologies that provide resistance to wear, high temperatures, corrosion and fatigue for metal parts. More recently it has diversified into materials that answer the needs of the rapidly evolving electronics industry, adding to the already considerable portfolio of products and services offered by Praxair Semiconductor Materials.
9

 10
Praxair Metals Technologies was formed in 2000 to develop and commer- cialize technologies
and services to the global metals industry. The organization may be new, but Praxair has been bringing innova- tion to the metals industry for most of its 90-year history. Praxair’s argon-oxygen-decarbur- ization technology, for example, is used by
the majority of the world’s stainless steel producers. Oxy-fuel combustion, post-com- bustion, hot-oxygen- injection, slag splashing and tundish inerting technologies are just a few more examples. Praxair holds more than 275 patents for steel- making technologies.

<Mach2
Laser Precision. Praxair’s CoJetTM gas injection system delivers a laser-like super- sonic jet of oxygen, traveling at twice the speed of sound, Mach 2, into the molten steel bath of a steel furnace. Licensed for use by 33 electric arc furnace steel producers worldwide, CoJet technology provides cost and energy savings, as well as safety, productivity and environmental benefits, to customers like Badische Stahlwerke, MacSteel, Nucor and Riva. The steel melts faster, and electricity con- sumption and emissions are reduced. In 2001, integrated mills will be able to apply the same technology, with even greater benefits.
We are focusing this effort on five global segments: metals technologies, food and beverage, healthcare, surface technologies and semiconduc-
tor materials. Together, we expect these segments to grow at or above15% per year. As a company with a rich technology heritage, it was
natural for us to start with technology licensing. We created a new organization, Praxair Metals Technologies, and already have had success with our patented CoJetTM oxygen-injection technology. This system brings significant cost-reduction, efficiency and environmental benefits to steel producers. In the electric-arc furnace market, we have 33 licensees in nine countries. During 2001, the technology is being commercialized in the integrated mills segment, where the potential value to customers is in the billions of dollars. We also see future application of CoJet tech- nology in the production of stainless steel and other metals.
But our licensing programs are not limited to metals.
With the increasing demand for higher food quality and greater food safety, the food
and beverage market also offers licensing potential. For example, an alternative to heat pasteurization is a technology based on carbon dioxide that preserves the flavor of fruit and vegetable juices while meeting food-safety requirements. Working with a major university, we plan to bring this technology to market in 2001. The technol- ogy ultimately may be applicable to a wide range of liquid food products. Additional technology programs are in late-stage commercial development for egg-cooling
and shelf-life extension of fresh foods.
The rapidly-evolving healthcare segment also is rich
with opportunity. As hospitals and other healthcare providers seek ways to reduce costs, Praxair has been able to offer management services in addition to medical gases. Several healthcare networks have engaged Praxair to coordinate site-gas management, inventory control and procurement, for example. Another trend is the
11

12
increase in home healthcare, driven both by the high costs of hospital care and an aging population. Praxair already supplies 50,000 home healthcare patients, largely outside the U.S. We will continue to expand this business internationally while building it up in the U.S., partially through small acquisitions. Our new Grab ’n GoTM portable oxygen system has proved to be popular with hospitals and clinics throughout North America, and also has potential in the home healthcare market.
H2>
Fresher Air is the goal of petroleum refiners that are using more hydrogen to produce cleaner-burning gasoline. With the highest energy content per unit of weight of any fuel, hydrogen boosts gasoline performance and reduces harm- ful emissions. Soon, hydrogen may be an alternate fuel all by itself. Praxair is supporting research designed to make that happen.
The third segment targeted for growth, Praxair Surface Technologies, already is a service operation, applying high-performance coatings on
jet engine blades, printing and textile rolls, and other metal parts. Prior to the down- turn in aerospace markets over the last two years, the subsidiary grew more than 15% per year. We expect to achieve similar growth in the future, in part by refocusing the business on new and emerging markets. For example, Praxair’s thermal-spray technology is at the heart of a new parts-production process being commercialized by Ford Motor Company. In addition, the subsidiary has begun to provide services and materials to the semiconductor industry, and its expertise in materials sciences is a potential source of growth.
Praxair Surface Technologies’ extension into the electronics market creates synergies with other Praxair businesses. Our largest electronics-
related business is Praxair Semiconductor Materials, which is expanding its global capabilities, particularly in Asia. Building on its leading position, Praxair China signed a 15-year contract to supply industrial gases to three wafer-fabrication facilities in a new hi-tech park in Shanghai. We believe this park will be one of the world’s leading production sites in the coming decade. During the year we also strengthened our presence in Taiwan and signed a contract to supply a new fab in Malaysia.
Looking ahead, Praxair is actively involved in developing the next generation of materials for semiconductor production, including super-critical

 Chemicals & Refining:
Hydrogen is part of a comprehensive portfolio of bulk and specialty gases, technologies and services Praxair provides refining and chemical customers worldwide. For example, Praxair supplies more than 50 refineries and petrochemical plants from its 280 miles of pipeline along the Texas and Louisiana Gulf Coast. Other Praxair pipeline enclaves serving these industries are located in Ecorse, Michigan; Edmonton, Alberta, Canada; Salvador, Brazil; Antwerp, Belgium; and Beijing, China.
13

 14
Electronics: In addition
to helium for fiber-optics, Praxair’s $400-million elec- tronics portfolio includes semiconductor materials and services, electronic assembly applications, and specialty materials being developed by Praxair Surface Technologies (see page 8). One of our fastest- growing businesses, Praxair Semiconductor Materials, builds and man- ages advanced gas systems in Asia, Europe and North America, helping chip manufacturers lower the cost of ownership, reduce environmental impact
and improve productivity.

carbon dioxide technologies and new ceramic and metals materials. Acquisitions emphasizing materials management and site services will complement our investments in research and development.
In other parts of the electronics market, Praxair is the largest industrial gases supplier to the fiber-optics industry, primarily through our global
helium position. This business is delivering annual growth of 15% or better. The smaller circuit-board assembly business also continues to offer good growth.
Outside of these key growth markets, Praxair has deep knowledge and capabilities in process control, energy conservation, electricity purchas-
ing, logistics and distribution, fuel-cell technology and advanced ceramics and coatings. Some of these areas may provide future growth opportunities.
<8microns
At the Speed of Light. 8 microns is the inside diameter of high-tech glass fiber—about a quarter of the width of a human hair. In the global race for greater bandwidth, Praxair is helping leading fiber-optics producers achieve the ultimate in glass fiber purity and uniformity in order to feed our informa- tion-hungry world with more bits, faster. In an industry growing at 40% per year, helium is used to cool the fiber, enhancing manufacturing rates and improving quality. Patented Praxair technology can recover up to 80% of the helium so that it can be reused. Since helium is a non-renewable resource, this is good for our customers as well as the planet.
As we move into new markets with diversified offerings, we will be taking full advantage of the new channels that e-business affords. We gained valuable
experience working with several different e-business solutions during 2000. One
of our biggest projects was MetFabCity, launched early in the year with the aim of serving the U.S. metal fabrication industry. The site met its development schedule and initial testing was successful. However, a key criterion for continuing the project was attracting additional investors, which we were unable to do when market conditions changed in the second half of the year. As a result, the project was shut down in December.
Praxair will continue to examine and implement e-business and other emerging methods of growing our business. In today’s fast-paced environment,
we must quickly identify different and more efficient ways to serve customers and increase market penetration. At the same time, we will be realistic and pragmatic, and will move on if these projects do not meet our measures of success.
15

CoJetTM System Licensees
Total customers licensed to use CoJet Technology
Fresh commitments During 2000, Praxair achieved record sales and
made progress toward achieving its aggressive financial goals. We have brought more rigorous capital discipline to our base business, while redefining more sharply those markets that are targets for future growth. While we have embarked on some non-traditional paths, we also are being very practical about focusing
on those opportunities that create the greatest value for our customers and provide near-term payback for our shareholders. We also have prepared for an uncertain economy in 2001, taking the necessary steps to position Praxair for strong perform- ance in a variety of scenarios.
Before closing, I want to pay tribute to a person who, more than any other, has personified Praxair over the past eight years. Bill Lichtenberger,
who retired as chairman at the end of November 2000, was the architect of Praxair’s successful spinoff in 1992, and guided the company through a period of significant transformation. With an abiding respect for the engineering culture and traditions of Praxair’s history, he nevertheless provoked constructive change that has allowed Praxair to thrive in a more global, more demanding, more dynamic industry. I know from my conversations with Praxair employees, customers and members of the financial community that he commands a high degree of respect and friendship from many colleagues around the world. It has been a privilege to work with Bill over
the past year, and we wish him a long, happy and healthy retirement.
It has been an excellent year at Praxair for me and the
entire business team; 2001 promises to be even better. I look forward to the
results of the many innovative programs we have launched in recent months. I am confident we are building sustainable competitive advantage by turning fresh ideas into value-added benefits for our shareholders, customers and employees.
Dennis H. Reilley
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer February 21, 2001
  35
30
25
20
15
10
5
0
             96 97 98 99 00
A n n u a l S a f e t y R a t e s
Recordable injury rate Lost workday case rate
   2.5 2
1.5
1
0.5
0
          96 97 98 99 00
 16
