 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
PRAXAIR
In 2008, Praxair had another year of very strong results, with sales up 15%, earnings per share up 16% adjusted
for special charges, and a record operating cash flow of more than $2 billion. These results reflected strong growth in the first three quarters, followed by a slowdown in
the fourth quarter caused by the global economic decline. Business highlights last year included a record number of major contract signings for new industrial gas
supply systems and substantial new business wins in Mexico and Asia. We started up a number of new projects in South America, China, India and Korea and we acquired 15 packaged gases distributors in the U.S. and Canada. In addition, we recorded our best-ever safety performance.
I was pleased to see our sustained performance recognized by the financial media. Fortune magazine included Praxair on its list of “most admired” chemical companies; Forbes magazine named Praxair among
the 16 best-managed companies that have appeared on its “honor roll” for nine years; and we were selected as a component of the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the sixth consecutive year.
Contributing to our 2008 results was a record
$320 million in cost savings from productivity initiatives throughout the company. Our target has been to achieve annual savings from productivity initiatives of about
4% of our total costs and our results this year contributed to an adjusted operating margin of 19.2%. This took extraordinary efforts by all our employees.
In the fourth quarter of 2008, anticipating continued weak macroeconomic conditions in 2009, Praxair took actions to reduce our cost structure. However, we expect growth from new plant start-ups and applications technologies to mitigate the effects of lower base-business volumes. And, we expect overall pricing to remain stable. So we are confident in our ability to maintain or improve operating margins – that is what differentiates our busi- ness from commodity businesses where both volumes and margins suffer in a downturn.
We expect our capital expenditures in 2009 to be
in the range of $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. Most of our spending is for new production plants, or expansion of existing plants, which are supported by 15-year to 20-year customer contracts with take-or-pay provisions and fixed pricing with cost pass-through provisions. We are cur- rently constructing 42 major projects around the world which are scheduled to come on-stream and will generate revenues beginning in 2009 through 2011. The largest of these are in North America where hydrogen for refining is our largest growth market. We have a number of new projects in South America and Asia, supplying customers in widely diverse industries. The new U.S. administration has indicated that it will push a strong environmental agenda, which should bode well for our applications that lower emissions, reduce energy consumption, treat water or play a role in renewable energy systems.
Looking ahead, we expect that demand for energy supplies, infrastructure growth in emerging economies, and environmental regulation will continue to drive long-term growth for industrial gases. And we serve a diverse array of end-markets, including food and beverage and healthcare which provide steady, non-cyclical growth.
Based on the confidence we have in our ability to generate strong cash flow, early this year we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend to shareholders, from 37.5 cents per share to 40 cents per share. This is the 16th consecutive annual increase in Praxair’s dividend. Over the last 10 years, our dividend has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 19%.
We are operating with a lean cost structure which will allow us to perform well in the near-term, while carefully positioning us for stronger returns in the economic recovery. As a high quality, global business with a team that knows how to execute in both good times and difficult times, I believe we have an opportunity to dramatically differentiate Praxair in the months and years ahead.
STEVE ANGEL
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2009
 1
