 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
THE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT IN 2001 TRULY TESTED OUR METTLE, AND THE PRAXAIR TEAM DELIVERED.
IN SPITE OF A U.S. RECESSION, A STRONG U.S. DOLLAR,
A GLOBAL SLUMP IN SEMICONDUCTOR MARKETS, AND THE IMPACT OF THE SEPTEMBER 11 TERRORIST ATTACKS, PRAXAIR PEOPLE KEPT THEIR EYE ON OUR CUSTOMERS’ NEEDS, DELIVERING WORLD-CLASS RELIABILITY, OUTSTANDING SERVICE AND INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS
AND TECHNOLOGIES.
It’s how we do business.
And because we moved quickly to realign our cost structure with new realities in the marketplace, Praxair was able to weather a very tough year better than most. As a result, by year-end Praxair’s stock price rose 25%, significantly outperforming the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index, which declined by 13%.
Although sales and operating earnings in 2001 were up just slightly over 2000 levels, excluding special charges, we were able to maintain after-tax return on capital at 12%
and increased operating cash flow by 13%, demonstrating the resilience of our business.
It was not easy. Despite the outstanding efforts of Praxair employees around the world, the global economic slowdown severely hampered our ability to meet our near-term financial targets. Lower demand from industrial customers in the Americas was only
partly offset by growth in businesses such as healthcare, and by good performance in our European and Asian businesses. Results in South America were adversely affected by
weak currency and an economic downturn caused by energy shortages. Depressed aviation markets were reflected in Praxair Surface Technologies’ results.
An operating highlight of the year was substantially improved safety performance. Worldwide, Praxair employees reduced injury rates by 16% and lost work-day case rates by 27%. In addition, product vehicle accidents were down 9%. We strengthened our safety programs with the implementation of a safety observation system that encourages employees to coach each other on good safety practices.

  OFFICE OF THE CHAIRMAN
THOMAS W. VON KRANNICHFELDT STEPHEN S. ANGEL PAUL J. BILEK DENNIS H. REILLEY
Executive Vice President Executive Vice President Executive Vice President Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
JAMES S. SAWYER
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
2
I also want to recognize the extraordinary response of employees in North America to the events of September 11. Within an hour of the terrorist attacks, our North American Logistics team had swung into action, and volunteer drivers were able to deliver medical gases to hospitals in the New York and Washington, D.C. areas throughout the day.
Over the next week, almost 10,000 medical oxygen cylinders were filled at Praxair locations and delivered from as far away as Missouri and Quebec, Canada. Additional thousands
of cylinders of industrial oxygen and acetylene, along with safety equipment, were delivered to Ground Zero for the search and recovery effort. Employees throughout the system put in long hours, hard work and exceptional creativity that went beyond the normal business call of duty.
Moving on to our growth programs, I am pleased with our progress. In our metals technologies business, a major win during 2001 was the first commercial license agreement for our patented CoJet ® gas injection technology in the important integrated steel market. The potential is huge – integrated companies produce 500 million tons of steel worldwide each year, and we estimate that CoJet technology can deliver up to $5 per ton of savings, depending upon the level of existing process technology and refining procedures of the mill. Our licensing agreement will allow us to share in those savings. Even a modest market penetration could mean significant licensing revenues, and we are in discussions with several additional integrated mills around the world.

 In healthcare, we are building on our strong, hospital-based institutional presence and our existing packaged gases distribution networks to expand our home care business, which is a fast-growing segment of the overall healthcare market. In North America, we are creating critical mass in the home care market through small acquisitions that augment regional hubs; four such acquisitions in the U.S. and Canada were completed during 2001. As the No.1 supplier of oxygen to hospitals in North America, Praxair is in an ideal posi- tion to provide continuing therapy to patients after they are discharged from the hospitals we serve, so creating a hospital-to-home link.
Hydrogen has emerged as a strong source of future growth for Praxair. Hydrogen demand has been growing by 10% to 15% per year, and is expected to accelerate to nearly 20% annually over the next five years as new gasoline and diesel regulations in the U.S. are implemented. Praxair is well positioned to meet this demand, with 300 miles of the most extensive hydrogen pipeline system on the U.S. Gulf Coast, already connected to a substan- tial portion of existing Gulf Coast refining capacity. We initiated plans in 2001 to build two new hydrogen plants, scheduled to start up in late 2003 and early 2004, in order to meet future demand from refining customers. This opportunity is expected to account for several hundred million dollars of new sales over the next five years.
In the electronics business, Praxair held semiconductor sales close to the previous year’s level in spite of the worldwide industry’s dramatic 35% drop in semiconductor shipments. With an eye toward a future upturn in these markets, Praxair Semiconductor Materials made significant progress in its quest to become a one-stop, integrated supplier to semiconductor manufacturers. For the rapidly emerging compound semiconductor seg- ment, we introduced a new grade of high-purity ammonia that is the leading specification in the industry. High-purity ammonia is used in the production of light-emitting diodes (LEDs), high-performance semiconductors and flat-panel displays. We also introduced an ultra-high-purity bulk ammonia gas-delivery system featuring the highest flow rates in the industry. Both silicon and compound semiconductor manufacturers now have access to
an expanded product portfolio, which includes bulk and specialty gases, process chemicals, sputtering targets and electrostatic chucks. Complementing the product portfolio is a growing list of service offerings, such as on-site total materials management and spare parts and consumables inventory management.
In the fiber-optics market, where Praxair is a leading global helium supplier, demand during the first half of the year was robust, but our helium team anticipated the second-half downturn. It redoubled efforts to complete negotiations on new contracts and generate new sales, partially offsetting falling customer demand and ending the year with helium sales up 7% over 2000 levels. During 2002, we plan to launch a technology-licensing initia- tive based on Praxair’s patented helium-recovery technology that promises to generate substantial cost savings for fiber-optics customers as well as additional licensing revenues for Praxair.
Productivity improvement continues to be a key factor in our overall performance. In 2001 Praxair made a major commitment to implement Six Sigma worldwide. We believe the tools and disciplines of Six Sigma are fundamental to achieving the next level of flawless transactions with our customers and a step change in productivity. More than 100 employees became Six Sigma black-belts during the year, and dozens more are in training in Brazil, Asia and Europe. The savings and efficiencies resulting from hundreds of projects currently underway are expected to make a contribution to financial results beginning in 2002.
3

 4
We also continue to upgrade our information-technology platforms in order to promote efficiency through enhanced e-business capabilities and transaction processing, and improved knowledge management. There has been a substantial increase in the num- ber of customers who monitor their tank readings online through the Praxair DesktopSM extranet and we launched a more sophisticated system for customers to order cylinder gases and related equipment online, called Praxair ExpressSM. An upgraded external website, www.praxair.com, was launched in September, designed to make it easier for customers to locate information they need about Praxair products and services.
In the face of uncertain economic conditions and in order to position Praxair for future profitability, in late September we made the tough decision to reduce the workforce by almost 1,000, in part to implement redirected strategies for Praxair Surface Technologies and South America.
In Praxair Surface Technologies, our strategy is to shift our focus from traditional aviation markets and extend our advanced materials sciences capabilities into faster- growing markets.
Geographically, we are putting our resources in 10 countries where Praxair has, or is quickly developing, a profitable, high-return competitive advantage: the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Spain, Italy, South Korea, Thailand, China and India. We are evaluating businesses in other countries, and plan to divest under-performing operations in 2002.
Our emphasis in South America generally is on generating cash flow and leveraging existing facilities, while limiting investment in new production capacity. Over the last 18 months, we have more than doubled South American revenues from less capital-intensive services businesses, for example by offering training and inventory-management services to metal fabrication customers; introducing ozone-based laundry systems; and expanding the home care oxygen-therapy business.
Looking ahead, we intend to grow sales faster than underlying economic growth
by leveraging a strong core business and by developing less capital-intensive sources of new growth. Over the next 18 months we plan to:
– license CoJet technology to additional integrated steel producers;
– expand our home healthcare business;
– continue to strengthen Praxair’s electronics business;
– increase hydrogen capacity to meet higher demand from U.S. refiners;
– accelerate growth in South American service offerings;
– fully implement Six Sigma in all business units; and
– fix, reposition or sell under-performing businesses in our global portfolio.
We also are taking steps to further strengthen our organization. I believe leadership – at all levels – is what lifts adequate performance to excellent performance, and leadership development is where we focus our efforts. Over the next year, we will be applying more rigorous criteria to our performance-management system with the aim of continuously upgrading performance levels throughout the company. In addition, three management- development programs are helping us reach down into the organization to provide our best and brightest mid-level managers with opportunities to accelerate their career advancement. Almost 100 employees from around the world already have benefited from our successful Global Leaders Program, now in its third year.

 Within the Office of the Chairman, Stephen Angel, formerly general manager
of General Electric’s Power Equipment Business, joined Praxair as executive vice president early in the year. Steve brings experience in managing service-oriented operations and in implementing Six Sigma methodology, among other talents, to our top management team.
We welcomed two new board members in 2001. Wayne Smith, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Community Health Systems, Inc., is an experienced health- care executive whose insights will be valuable as Praxair expands its presence in this market. William Wise, chairman, president and chief executive officer of El Paso Corporation,
has extensive knowledge of energy markets which will be a great asset as Praxair continues to develop its innovative energy-management techniques. Also during the year,
Fred Fetterolf, former president and chief operating officer of the Aluminum Company
of America, retired from the Praxair board. He has been a board member since 1992 and chairman of the Audit Committee, and we have valued his wise counsel over the years.
In summary, the silver lining in the current tough economic environment is
the evidence that our business strategies allow Praxair to weather a variety of marketplace scenarios while bringing value to both customers and shareholders. The industry fundamentals remain strong, and Praxair holds a premier place in an excellent industry. Praxair’s goals are straightforward: meet customer needs better than anyone; and create shareholder value. Through a combination of investment discipline, productivity improve- ment and new sources of growth, Praxair intends to increase sales while improving return on capital. The key will continue to be the Praxair team’s ability to help our customers become stronger, faster and more profitable.
DENNIS H. REILLEY
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer February 12, 2002
 5
