Fellow shareholders,
As we look back on 2005 in years to come, I’m convinced that we’ll see that the year marked an
important turning point for Pioneer. We launched a number of initiatives during the year to refocus
our strategy on North America providing the same type of opportunities on which our predecessor
companies were founded over 20 years ago. With this year’s annual report to shareholders, I will
explain the reasons for refocusing our strategy, talk about our current plans and reacquaint you with
the
areas of our operations, their natural beauty and the opportunities they hold for Pioneer.
In many ways, 2005 was a record year for Pioneer:
Record cash fl ow from operations of $1.3 billion
A 54% increase in earnings per diluted share
An
820
–
well drilling program
The repurchase of
20
million outstanding common shares
We benefi ted from strong oil and gas prices, and the market price of our common stock rose 46%
during 2005. Over the last fi ve years, the market price of Pioneer common stock has risen 160% on
the strong production growth generated by our exploration programs in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico
(GOM) and offshore South Africa.
More recent deepwater GOM exploration results have been less encouraging, and the costs and risks
of drilling wells there have risen significantly. Production from our existing deepwater GOM fields
began declining during 2005 and limited our ability to increase total company production
going forward.
We also saw little upside in our oil and gas properties in Argentina, especially
considering the
government controls on commodity prices.
At the same time, our exploration and exploitation teams were uncovering and testing new onshore
North American resource plays that, like our foundation assets, have the potential to deliver strong,
predictable production and proved reserve growth. We’ve
had success in expanding the
Edwards
Reef play beyond our Pawnee fi eld in South Texas. We entered several promising
unconventional
opportunities through the merger with Evergreen Resources in 2004, in southern Alberta,
Canada and
in several basins in the Rocky Mountains, and have expanded our acreage positions in each of the
areas. In southern Alberta, we’re in our second year of aggressively developing coal bed methane
(CBM) in the Horseshoe Canyon area and
have several CBM tests and pilot programs planned for
2006 in three basins in the Rockies.
Considering these and other opportunities, we
announced
several initiatives in September 2005 aimed at exiting the
deepwater GOM and Argentina and refocusing more of our
efforts and investments in onshore North American resource
plays. While we plan to continue our higher-impact exploration
programs in Alaska and West Africa, we are reducing our overall
investment in higher-risk exploratory drilling.
I am pleased to report that we’ve had success
on each of the
initiatives, ultimately resulting in:
An agreement to sell all of our Argentina
properties for $675
million, which is expected
to close in March 2006
An agreement to sell our deepwater GOM
assets, other
than the Clipper discovery
announced in late 2005, for
$1.3 billion,
which is
also expected to close in March
2006
An additional $641 million of share repur
chases in 2005
for total share repurchases
of
$941 million for the year
Plans to initiate a $359 million share repur
chase program
upon closing the asset sales
A 2006
capital budget of $1.3 billion with 80% allocated to
onshore North American activities
A reduction in higher-impact, high-risk exploration to 10%
of the 2006 capital budget versus approximately 30% in 2005
A 20% increase in the semiannual dividend paid on
common shares outstanding to $0.12 per share
Upon completion of the divestitures, our North American
assets will represent approximately 98% of proved reserves
and 92% of daily production. Pioneer will be a smaller
company with fewer shares outstanding, minimal debt and an
outlook for strong, profi table production growth.
Over the next fi ve years, we expect to achieve compounded
annual production growth in excess of 10% through our
development drilling program, with signifi cant upside as we
establish new resource plays, acquire incremental core
area assets or have success in our higher-
impact exploration
program.
We plan to primarily concentrate on
predictable oil
and gas basins in North America that can
deliver strong,
consistent growth while continuing the
development of
fields in Alaska, Tunisia and South Africa that are expected to
add signifi cant production within two years
We are pursuing opportunities in several conventional and
unconventional resource plays and will continue to selectively
expand our acreage positions in these plays and our core
areas. By redirecting the efforts of our people who were
previously focused on our deepwater GOM assets, we have
expanded our exploitation and business development efforts
to support our core area expansion efforts and the evaluation
of new resource plays.
Initiating changes such as these is extremely challenging
and requires signifi cant ffort on the part of many
employees.
I’m proud of the way our employees rose to the challenge,
and
we all appreciate their efforts. I’m also proud of Pioneer’s
strong sense of community, which was evident as many em-
ployees joined the Company this year in giving generously to
assist the less fortunate and the victims of
the hurricanes.
The health and safety of our employees and the environments
in which we work are a top priority at Pioneer, and again in
2005, our people demonstrated leadership in these areas.
In December 2005, long-time board member James
L. Houghton
retired from the board of directors. We
appreciate his years of
service
and
commitment
to
Pioneer’s
success.
The initiatives we undertook during 2005 created a period
of
temporary uncertainty for our
investors. We knew it would
take
time to deliver on the initiatives and demonstrate success
under
the new strategy, and we appreciate your
patience.
I am
confident
in our ability to again deliver top-tier
performance
and look forward
to
earning your continued support.
Pioneer Natural Resources
Scott D. Sheffield
Chairman and CEO
