  1
 Scott D. Sheffield
Chairman and CEO
FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
These are exciting times for U.S. oil and natural gas exploration and production. In late 2012, the International Energy Agency announced that, according to its forecast, the United States will overtake Saudi Arabia as the world’s largest oil producer by 2020. The U.S. has already overtaken Russia as the world’s leading natural gas producer. Even “resource rich,” the theme of this year’s annual report, seems to fall short in describing the landscape for U.S. oil and natural gas.
For those familiar with the U.S. oil business, the Bakken Shale in North Dakota and Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas are well-known plays with high levels of drilling activity and substantial reserve potential. During 2012, the Permian Basin in West Texas took center stage with its multitude of stacked oil resources long known to hold tremendous volumes of oil still trapped in tight rock.
Pioneer has a long history in the Midland Basin, a prolific region within the Permian Basin, and has been the most active driller in the Spraberry field in
the Permian Basin for many years. The oil-rich Wolfcamp Shale lies below
the Spraberry formation, and during 2012, Pioneer successfully tested drilling and completion technologies which confirmed tremendous incremental recoverable resources in multiple stacked Wolfcamp zones, in addition to the stacked resource zones in the Spraberry formation. The wells Pioneer drilled in the Wolfcamp Shale and Jo Mill intervals utilizing horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing technology exceeded expectations and have revolutionized our approach to maximizing
the recovery of oil and liquids. Pioneer’s 900,000-acre legacy leasehold position in the Permian Basin is even more resource rich than previously thought.
Through an extensive Midland Basin geologic analysis, based on data from thousands of existing wells, our geoscience team has identified multiple prospective horizontal targets throughout Pioneer’s Wolfcamp/Spraberry leasehold position with an aggregate estimated resource potential of more than
GROSS WELLS DRILLED
      2012 YEAR-END PROVED RESERVES BY ASSET
1.1 billion BOE
        SPRABERRY
SOUTH TEXAS/ EAGLE FORD SHALE
ROCKIES MID-CONTINENT
BARNETT SHALE ALASKA
OTHER
     66% of proved reserves are oil and natural gas liquids and 34% are natural gas
2012 Annual Report
 2010
481
2011
904
2012
898

2
7 billion barrels oil equivalent (BOE). The resources we are developing through traditional vertical drilling in the Spraberry Trend represent approximately
35% of the estimated resource potential and include vertical well potential from Wolfcamp and deeper intervals as well as from down-spacing. The remaining 65% of estimated resource potential relates to the additional potential attributable to horizontal drilling.
STRONG RESULTS FOR 2012
During 2012, Pioneer was successful in appraising and initiating horizontal development of the southern 200,000 acres of the Wolfcamp play, leading to the signing of a joint interest transaction with a U.S. subsidiary of the Sinochem Group, which will provide funding to accelerate horizontal development of this acreage when the transaction closes. Pioneer also initiated horizontal drilling on our northern acreage to appraise the potential of the horizontal Wolfcamp Shale and other zones in this area, and early results are very encouraging.
In response to our increase in horizontal drilling, we reduced the number of rigs drilling vertical Spraberry wells from 40 rigs at the beginning of 2012 to 20 rigs at year end, drilling 631 vertical wells during the year. Two-thirds of the vertical Spraberry wells were drilled to deeper zones to access additional reserves from the Wolfcamp, Strawn, Atoka and Mississippian intervals.
Pioneer’s daily production from the Permian Basin increased approximately 45% from the prior year to 67,000 BOE per day (BOEPD), primarily as a result of the vertical drilling program as production from horizontal drilling wasn’t initiated until late in the year.
Strong oil prices during 2012 also supported solid returns on investment for Pioneer’s oil and liquids-rich drilling programs in the Eagle Ford Shale, the Barnett Shale Combo play in North Texas and on Alaska’s North Slope. Companywide, Pioneer drilled 898 wells with 98% success.
        2012 Annual Report

In the Eagle Ford Shale, Pioneer drilled 137 horizontal wells and more than doubled the Company’s average daily production in the area to approximately 27,800 BOEPD. Strong well performance continues to drive production growth, and based on public wellhead production data, on average, our wells are performing well above the industry median for the Eagle Ford Shale.
Pioneer’s drilling program in the Eagle Ford Shale is focused on the area of
the play that holds oil and natural gas liquids, supporting strong returns on investment. Our returns have also benefited from the solid execution of our gathering and midstream strategy, and at year end, we had 11 central gathering plants operating with plans to have an additional plant on line by the end of 2013.
As our Eagle Ford Shale drilling program has progressed, we have utilized more multi-well pad drilling, which is more efficient and reduces costs. Our use of lower-cost white sand rather than ceramic proppant to fracture stimulate wells drilled in shallower areas of the field has also significantly reduced well costs, and we are expanding this practice to deeper areas of the field to further define its performance limits, enhancing our economic returns.
During 2012, Pioneer drilled 57 wells in the Barnett Shale Combo play, a section of the Barnett Shale that holds oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas. During most of the year, we operated one rig in the play and increased average daily production from 3,800 BOEPD to 7,300 BOEPD.
On the North Slope of Alaska, Pioneer continues to drill development wells from our island drill site targeting the Nuiqsut and Torok intervals. Average daily production was approximately 4,300 BOEPD during 2012. During the first quarter of 2012, we completed Pioneer’s first successful mechanically diverted fracture stimulation, and based on that success, we have drilled four more wells that we plan to similarly stimulate during the current winter drilling season. In early 2012, Pioneer drilled a successful onshore appraisal well to test the southern extent of the Torok interval.
With persistently low natural gas prices, maximizing revenue and minimizing costs were the primary activities of our Rockies, Mid-Continent and South Texas Edwards Trend asset teams, which produce predominantly dry natural gas. Continually optimizing operations and improving best practices in these and other asset areas are essential to our continued success, both in terms of financially supporting Pioneer’s growth initiatives as well as responsibly producing energy to meet our nation’s needs.
We continued to be among the top performers in our peer group in total shareholder return in 2012. Over the past five years, Pioneer’s cumulative return to shareholders was 121%, significantly ahead of both of our benchmarks, the S&P 500 Index and the S&P E&P Index. For the five-year period, the cumulative return for the S&P 500 Index was 8%, and the S&P E&P Index was down 2%.
THE WELLS PIONEER DRILLED IN THE LIQUIDS- RICH WOLFCAMP SHALE AND JO MILL INTERVALS UTILIZING HORIZONTAL DRILLING AND HYDRAULIC FRACTURING TECHNOLOGY EXCEEDED EXPECTATIONS AND HAVE REVOLUTIONIZED OUR APPROACH
TO MAXIMIZING THE RECOVERY OF OIL
AND LIQUIDS.
3
    2012 Annual Report

4
WOLFCAMP/SPRABERRY NET PRODUCTION MBOEPD
SOUTH TEXAS/EAGLE FORD NET PRODUCTION MBOEPD
Our successful 2012 drilling program, augmented by our integrated services model, supported a 20% increase in annual cash flow from operations to
$1.8 billion compared to 2011. Production from continuing operations grew
29% to average approximately 155,500 BOEPD. Pioneer reported earnings attributable to common stockholders of $192 million, or $1.50 per diluted share.
Through the drillbit, Pioneer added proved reserves totaling 161 million BOE during 2012, from discoveries, extensions, improved recovery and technical revisions
of previous reserve estimates, replacing 264% of the Company’s full-year 2012 production at an average drillbit finding and development cost of $17.72 per BOE. Pioneer’s year-end 2012 proved reserves totaled 1.086 billion BOE.
CONTINUING LIQUIDS-RICH FOCUS FOR 2013
We will again focus our capital program on our assets in Texas, holding substantial acreage in four of the most resource-rich oil and liquids plays in the state. As a result, we expect to deliver strong production growth again in 2013, investing approximately $3 billion in drilling and other capital improvements.
Pioneer’s successful 2012 horizontal Wolfcamp Shale drilling results in the Spraberry Trend have led us to shift a significant portion of our 2013 drilling activity from vertical drilling to more capital-efficient horizontal drilling. Pioneer’s horizontal rig count is expected to rise by eight to an average of 11 rigs, and our vertical rig count is expected to decline by 17 to an average of 15 rigs. Considering the higher production rates from horizontal wells, despite the drop in the total rig count, we expect a significant increase in total production from the Wolfcamp/ Spraberry play.
In January 2013, Pioneer announced the signing of an agreement with a U.S. subsidiary of the Sinochem Group to sell 40% of our interest in approximately 207,000 net acres in the southern portion of the Wolfcamp/Spraberry play for $1.74 billion, accelerating the pace of developing the acreage while maintaining operatorship. We expect to close the transaction during the second quarter of 2013, subject to governmental approval.
We plan to run seven horizontal rigs and drill more than 80 wells in this southern joint interest area during 2013 and increase the rig count by three rigs per year through 2015. The 2013 drilling program will continue to focus on delineating acreage, optimizing completion techniques and testing multiple Wolfcamp intervals, while the program in 2014 and beyond will primarily focus on development drilling and accelerating production growth.
To the north, we plan to drill 30 to 40 wells to appraise the potential of the multiple Wolfcamp Shale, Jo Mill and Spraberry Shale intervals within our existing leasehold covering more than 600,000 gross acres. We are currently running one rig and plan to expand to five rigs during 2013 to accelerate the appraisal and delineation of these intervals.
          2010 2 2010
34
2011 12 2011
45
2012 28 2012
66
2012 Annual Report

  Pioneer’s vertical drilling program will also continue during 2013 but at a reduced pace. We plan to run 15 vertical rigs and drill approximately 300 wells. Approximately 90% of these wells will be deeper wells accessing the Wolfcamp, Strawn, Atoka or Mississippian intervals.
In the Eagle Ford Shale, Pioneer plans to run ten rigs during 2013 and drill approximately 130 horizontal wells, primarily in the liquids-rich area of the play. The ability to drill more wells with fewer rigs reflects the success of our efforts to control costs, further reduce drilling times and optimize completion techniques. We expect that approximately 80% of our wells will be drilled from multi-well pads to improve efficiency.
In the liquids-rich Barnett Shale Combo play, Pioneer is operating one rig and plans to increase to two rigs during the second quarter. This two-rig drilling program is designed to hold leases in the highest-return areas of our acreage position, as identified by drilling data and petrophysical and seismic analysis. Production from the play is expected to grow throughout 2013.
On the North Slope of Alaska, Pioneer is running two rigs. One rig continues to drill development wells from our Oooguruk island facility targeting Nuiqsut and Torok intervals, and a second rig is drilling the second onshore Torok well to further appraise this interval. Following our first successful mechanically diverted hydraulic fracture stimulation on a Nuiqsut well in 2012, Pioneer is planning similar stimulations for one Torok and three Nuiqsut wells in the current winter program.
In the Rockies, Mid-Continent and Edwards Trend, we plan to continue our activities to maximize production as we continue to rely on these long-lived natural gas assets to provide significant cash flow.
FOCUS ON ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP
We continue to make significant progress in efforts to assess and reduce Pioneer’s impact on the environment. We are reducing fresh water use by utilizing less water for hydraulic fracturing, working to understand the optimal use of brackish water and evaluating the possible use of water that is produced in
THE ABILITY TO
DRILL MORE EAGLE FORD WELLS WITH FEWER RIGS REFLECTS THE SUCCESS OF
OUR EFFORTS TO CONTROL COSTS, FURTHER REDUCE DRILLING TIMES AND OPTIMIZE COMPLETION TECHNIQUES.
5
      2012 Annual Report

6
association with oil and natural gas production. To support these efforts, we are designing environmentally sound water treatment and distribution systems.
To reduce air emissions, we have developed a comprehensive understanding
of our emissions footprint, incorporating the use of advanced emissions measurement technology in our field operations. The detailed findings not only provide the basis for air emission reporting but also have identified opportunities for emission reductions through implementing effective best practices and technological solutions.
We continue to expand our fleet of lower-emission natural gas vehicles and participate in industry programs for disclosing the components of hydraulic fracturing fluids. I am particularly pleased with Pioneer’s participation in industry efforts to collaboratively evaluate our impact on air and water, sharing with regulators what we’ve learned, as well as initiatives aimed at better educating and informing the public about our industry and the safety of our operating practices.
OUR EMPLOYEES GIVE US CONFIDENCE IN THE FUTURE
We have welcomed many new employees to the Pioneer team over the past three years as we increased drilling and development in the Eagle Ford Shale and the Wolfcamp/Spraberry play. Our ability to deliver consistently strong results in the midst of rapid growth requires focus, teamwork and commitment, and I want to thank our employees for their tremendous performance during 2012.
Maintaining our respectful and responsible culture is also a top priority as we accelerate activity levels. We appreciate employees’ commitment to upholding our corporate values, supporting the communities where we live and work, protecting the environment and maintaining a safe workplace. Based on employee survey results, we were again deeply honored to be recognized as
a top company to work for in Dallas and as one of America’s top workplaces.
Pioneer is well positioned to post top-tier returns during 2013 as we build on the strength of one of the best U.S. oil and liquids-rich asset portfolios in the industry combined with our staff’s exceptional technological and operational expertise.
As always, we appreciate your support.
Scott D. Sheffield
Chairman and CEO
     2012 Annual Report
