 Fellow Shareholders:
 than 500 wells, increased production per share by 20% and added new proved reserves, before pricing revisions, which replaced 246% of our production. For the first nine months of the year, our net income from continuing operations before income taxes was more than double what it had been for the same period of 2007.
But by September, the crisis in the financial sector and the resulting instability in the U.S. and global economies had begun to take a toll on global demand for energy, and we entered an environment of what has been the most extreme market and commodity price instability in our history. By the end of the year, the NYMEX spot price for oil had fallen from a high near $145 per barrel in early July to approximately $45 per barrel. The NYMEX spot price for natural gas, which had peaked at approximately $13.50 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf) in June, had dropped to near $6 per Mcf at year end.
Pioneer’s 2008 net income was $220 million, or $1.85 per diluted share, and cash flow from operating activities for the year was $1.0 billion. We produced 41.5 million barrels oil equivalent (MMBOE), excluding discontinued operations, up 17% on an absolute basis, or 20% per share. Per share performance was enhanced by our repurchase of approximately 4.4 million common shares, including 3.0 million shares in the fourth quarter, to end the year with 114.5 million shares outstanding. We reduced net debt to book capitalization from 47% at year-end 2007 to 45% at December 31, 2008.
Pioneer replaced 246% of its production during 2008, adding 110 MMBOE of proved reserves from drilling
During 2008, we continued with our low-risk strategy to deliver solid, consistent results by focusing on development drilling and resource expansion in our core areas and were very pleased with our operating success. We drilled more
success, performance improvements and acquisitions, excluding revisions related to lower year-end oil and gas prices. Our finding and development cost was $13.82 per barrel oil equivalent (BOE) excluding pricing revisions, or $35.51 per BOE including price related revisions. We ended the year with net proved reserves of 960 MMBOE, a large inventory of drilling locations and significant additional resource potential.
Our 2008 operating success was driven by strong drilling programs in each of our core areas. In the Spraberry field in West Texas, we drilled 370 wells and increased production 14%. We received approval from the Railroad Commission of Texas for a field rule change to allow optional fieldwide 20-acre downspacing and drilled 18 wells on 20-acre spacing. We initiated production from 12 of the 20-acre wells with encouraging results and have identified approximately 9,500 drilling locations suitable for future 20-acre wells. Our evaluation of the potential to enhance Spraberry reserves and production by expanding well completions to include non-traditional shale/silt intervals is progressing. We are also excited about a discovery drilled to a deeper zone below the Spraberry and have further testing planned to evaluate this deeper zone’s potential.
We drilled 154 wells in the Raton Basin in Colorado in 2008 and increased production by 16%. Nine of these wells were drilled in the Pierre Shale, a new play we discovered on our existing acreage, below the coal bed methane reserves targeted by our traditional drilling program. To assess potential upside from the Pierre Shale, we drilled
and completed two horizontal wells, encountering intense natural fracturing and gas shows. We successfully fracture stimulated the wells and based on strong initial flow rates, are planning to initiate a microseismic study to optimize our future drilling program.
In the Edwards Trend in South Texas, Pioneer drilled
36 wells in 2008, increasing production by 41%. We also completed the final portion of more than 900 square miles of 3-D seismic data. This data and the results of two fourth quarter discovery wells helped us identify additional natural
 
 gas resource potential in the trend of at least 150 billion cubic feet. We recently drilled our first horizontal well in a new play in the area, the Eagle Ford Shale, which overlays the Edwards formation in the 310,000 acres that we hold in the trend. Fracture stimulation of the well has been completed, and we will soon have production test results.
We participated in 19 wells and acquired approximately 250 square miles of 3-D seismic data in the Barnett Shale during 2008. A commingling program was initiated in the Hugoton field with positive results. In these two fields, as well as in the West Panhandle field, we improved our operating results through compression optimization and enhanced gathering system efficiency.
In Alaska, Pioneer became the first independent to operate production on the North Slope. Development drilling began in the Oooguruk field in early 2008, and well performance has exceeded our expectations. Our 2008 oil production exit rate was on target, and with particularly strong initial production from our most recent well, there is potential that we will increase our production forecast for the field.
We participated in six successful wells in Tunisia and increased our oil and gas production by 55%. About 600 square miles of seismic data is expected to be processed or interpreted during 2009. Pioneer and other industry players are also continuing to progress the FEED study for a gas pipeline to transport natural gas from fields we’ve discovered in Southern Tunisia to northern industrial areas.
Offshore South Africa, we successfully transitioned the Sable field from oil production to natural gas production. The Sable gas well is the most prolific well in the South Coast Gas project and was placed on production ahead of schedule during the fourth quarter of 2008. Natural gas production from the project is expected to increase into 2009 with no additional capital required. Production costs have also decreased significantly with the release of the floating production vessel used to produce Sable oil.
In November 2008, we announced that we were implementing initiatives to reduce capital spending and operating costs in response to the decline in oil and natural gas prices. These initiatives will allow us to continue to deliver free cash flow
and enhance financial flexibility through the downturn in prices. To reduce capital spending, we have minimized drilling activities and gone from running 29 operated rigs in the third quarter of 2008 to running two rigs today. In order to reactivate our drilling programs, we must gain confidence that acceptable drilling economics can be sustained.
During 2008, we continued to deliver strong results and steady production growth, further demonstrating the potential of our lower-risk strategy focused on development drilling and resource expansion in
our core areas. In the current low commodity price environment, our low-decline assets are particularly advantageous with minimal capital investment needed to maintain production.
To improve our economics, we are focusing on reducing our production and well costs to levels that will support an increase in drilling activity when the outlook for oil and natural gas prices rise to a sustained level of approximately $60 per barrel and $6 per Mcf. We continue to work with drilling and service providers to reduce drilling and completion costs. To date, we have achieved reductions of 15% to 20%, and we are targeting an additional 10% to 20% reduction. Our asset teams are also implementing initiatives to reduce controllable production costs.
We believe that supply and demand fundamentals for oil should support much stronger prices when global economies stabilize and begin to recover. Over the last four years, despite record investments in global oil drilling, few new oil resources were found. About half of our proved reserves are oil and other liquids, and we have a large inventory of oil drilling locations, primarily in the Spraberry field. In 2010, with higher oil prices and reduced costs, we expect economics to again support an accelerated drilling program in the Spraberry field.
Over the last decade, significant new natural gas resources from unconventional sources, primarily shale formations, have been found in the U.S. These new natural gas resources offer our nation a cleaner-burning domestic alternative to coal and imported oil. Natural gas is a U.S. energy alternative that is in plentiful supply and ready for development with existing
 
 technology. Expanding the use of natural gas provides an immediate opportunity to reduce emissions and reduce reliance on imported oil. The expected growth in demand would support higher natural gas prices and allow us to reactivate our natural gas drilling programs in the Rockies and Texas.
In 2009, we expect capital spending to total $250 million to $300 million (excluding acquisitions, asset retirement obligations, capitalized interest and geological and geophysical general and administrative costs). Approximately 75% of the total is allocated for drilling, primarily in Alaska and the Spraberry field. The remaining 25% will be used for expanding facilities and extending leasehold in core assets.
We expect to increase our 2009 production per share by
at least 5%. Increasing production despite the significant reduction in drilling activity highlights the advantages of Pioneer’s long-lived assets with low decline rates. These assets require minimal maintenance capital and continue to perform above expectations.
We entered this period of low commodity prices with strong financial flexibility which we intend to preserve. For 2009 and beyond, we are committed to delivering free cash flow, which we define as discretionary cash flow in excess of capital expenditures. We have oil and natural gas derivatives in place to protect a significant portion of our 2009 cash flow, and plan to use our free cash flow for additional share repurchases and debt reduction.
In closing, I want to acknowledge our valued employees and the critical role they played in our 2008 success. They met
and in many cases exceeded the goals we established for the year and have already made significant progress in reducing our cost structure in order to achieve our 2009 objectives. Protecting the environment and maintaining a safe workplace requires dedication on the part of every employee, and we appreciate the priority they place on these responsibilities. They support their communities and make a difference in the lives of others with their time and the financial resources they give in partnership with Pioneer. As I’ve stated many times before, the people of Pioneer are our greatest strength.
We are in a strong financial position to weather this period
of low prices, so we will be patient and continue our diligent focus on reducing costs to prepare for reactivating our drilling programs when fundamentals strengthen and prices improve. We appreciate your support.
Scott D. Sheffield
Chairman and CEO
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: Except for historical information contained herein, the statements in this document are forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements and the business prospects of Pioneer Natural Resources Company are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause Pioneer’s actual results in future periods to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are described in Items 1, 1A and 7A and on page 3 of Pioneer’s Form 10-K included with this report.
Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors -- The United States Securities and Exchange Commission permits oil and gas companies, in their filings with the SEC, to disclose only proved reserves that a company has demonstrated by actual production or conclusive formation tests to be economically and legally producible under existing economic and operating conditions. Pioneer uses certain calculations in this letter, such as a reserve replacement ratio that describes reserve additions from discoveries, extensions, technical revisions and acquisitions, excluding the impact of negative price revisions, as a percentage of Pioneer’s 2008 production, that the SEC’s guidelines strictly prohibit us from including in filings with the SEC. These estimates are by their nature more speculative than estimates of proved reserves and accordingly are subject to substantially greater risk of being recovered by Pioneer. U.S. investors are urged to consider closely the disclosures in the Company’s periodic filings with the SEC, available from the Company at 5205 N. O’Connor Blvd., Irving, Texas 75039, Attention: Investor Relations, and the Company’s website at www.pxd.com. These filings also can be obtained from the SEC by calling 1-800-SEC-0330.
 