Dear Fellow Investors:
I am pleased to write to you regarding Quintiles’ first year as a public company and our prospects for the future. 2013 was a strong year, and we have entered 2014 with good momentum.
Founded in 1982, Quintiles leverages investments and innovation put into place years prior, while continuing to reinvent practices and competitive advantages. For instance, the company’s foresight to enter Japan in 1993, and both India and China in 1997, provides a depth of capabil- ity and knowledge for multinationals and local organizations today that is unmatched among our competitors. Our history of consistent investment in innovation and anticipation, such as our Quintiles Infosario® technology platform of services, has resulted in a set of competitive advan- tages in an industry founded on the need for change.
My deep belief is that if we serve our customers exceptionally well and we anticipate and deliver against their needs and increase their probability of success, we will deliver meaningful returns and serve all our stakeholders well, including investors, our employees and the patients who ultimately benefit from our customers’ success.
2013 demonstrated that our philosophy of improving customers’ probability of success drives business success. Our backlog increased by 13.2%, giving investors a strong view of future revenues. Our adjusted net income growth for the year was 28.7% with adjusted income
from operations margin that expanded by 110 basis points. The deep and diverse customer relationships we have built certainly are a source of pride. In 2013, we had over 500 biopharma- ceutical customers, 10 from whom we earned at least $100 million in service revenues. This level of spend is a reflection of their confidence in us.
Our success enables us to attract the industry’s top talent and win many accolades. We received more than 330,000 employment applications last year, hiring more than 7,000 people around the world.
2013 Performance
Backlog of $9.9 billion
Service Revenues of $3.8 billion 28.7% growth of Adjusted Net Income 1.29 Book-to-bill ratio
 After receiving nine individual Great Place to Work® awards in 2013, Quintiles was again recognized as one of the world’s “Best Multinational Workplaces” by Great Place to Work®.
We have been named to the InformationWeek 500 five times for our innovative use of technology. Quintiles has been named “Best CRO” by SCRIP and received the Eagle Award from the Society for Clinical Research Sites. We have exceptional people focused on customers’ success deliver- ing quantifiable results. In the next few pages, I provide a deeper view of your company.
By the Numbers
Quintiles’ industry leadership was demonstrated financially in 2013:
Net New Business—We finished the year with $4.9 billion of net new business which generated a 13.2% increase in our backlog across the business, to a record $9.9 billion dollars. Our book-to-bill ratio, which is a measure of net new business growth compared to adjusted service revenues, represented the highest book-to-bill ratio in the past six years at 1.29 times adjusted service revenues compared to our historical five-year average of 1.23 times adjusted service revenues.
QUINTILES AR 2013 1

 Diversified Customer Base
51% of 2013 net new business came from outside the top-20 pharmaceutical companies.
No single customer represented 10% or greater of our service revenues.
Revenues—For the year, our service revenues finished at $3.8 billion representing constant currency growth of 5.1%. This growth was achieved despite the wind down of our largest clinical project ever and a large consulting services rescue project. Finishing the year, we saw nice momentum in the fourth quarter as we exceeded the $1 billion quarterly service revenue mark for the first time in the history of our company.
Margins—We improved our “best in industry” adjusted operating margins delivering adjusted net income of $268.9 million, growth of 28.7%. Contributing to adjusted net income growth was the expansion of adjusted income from operations margin, foreign currency tail winds, a reduction in the current-year effective income tax rate and reduced interest expense due to lower interest rates and reduced debt levels.
Earnings Per Share—For the year, diluted adjusted earnings per share grew 18.6% to $2.10 per share compared with $1.77 per share in 2012.
Cash Flow—Our cash balance was $778.1 million at the end of 2013 compared to $567.7 million at the end of 2012. We ended 2013 with $305.0 million in free cash flow, a 15.4% improvement over 2012.
Geographic Distribution—We have the broadest global reach in our industry as evidenced by the diversification of our service revenues with the North America and Latin America region representing 40%; the Europe, Middle East, and Africa region representing 39%; and the Asia Pacific region representing 21% of our total consolidated service revenues.
Leadership in Growing Markets
The healthcare landscape is becoming increasingly integrated and complex at its core. New collaborative models are emerging, and there is increasing demand for evidence to improve decision making from early go or no-go decisions through regulatory approval and beyond to payer decisions. Within our core biopharmaceutical customers, the lines between R&D and Commercial are blurring. There is greater collaboration between biopharmaceuticals, payers and providers. At the same time, scientific and therapeutic advances offer the hope of new treatments for patients and the medical community alike, and must be available at a price that individuals and society can afford. The way the industry is unfolding plays to our strengths.
The markets in which we operate are growing as customers seek new ways to improve their probability of success. Given the combination of growth of R&D spending and increased out- sourcing penetration, we believe the market for development services is growing between 6–8% per year. Based on our new business growth, we believe Quintiles is capturing a disproportionately large share of that estimated $93 billion market. The market for commercial services is similarly sized at over $90 billion. While it is difficult to estimate growth in this segment, we believe it is also growing at a similar rate.
In addition to our leadership position in each of our segments, Quintiles’ ability to bring commercial realities into development approaches and our ability to bring therapeutic expertise into our commercial solutions sets us apart.

Product Development
Our Product Development segment, when measured as a contract research organization (CRO), is the largest as ranked by reported 2013 service revenues. The segment focuses pri- marily on Phase II–IV clinical trials and associated laboratory, analytical and data management activities. Organic growth is the focus, but selected acquisitions, such as Novella Clinical in 2013, supplement the capabilities of this business.
In fact, as the industry leader, we believe Quintiles is much more than a CRO. Our Product Development segment provides services and expertise that allow biopharmaceutical companies to improve and deliver the clinical development process from first-in-man trials to post-launch monitoring. Our focus comes after pre-clinical testing, bringing the ability to consult, design and execute strategies for drug development and the collection of evidence for approval and reim- bursement of drug therapies and medical devices.
Quintiles’ comprehensive service offerings provide the expertise and delivery necessary at each stage of development, as well as the systems and analytical capabilities to help our customers optimize product development. We can provide services or manage the entire clinical develop- ment process.
Our scale and investments have provided us significant advantages. We have a greater amount of drug development expertise than competitors, and our technology has consistently been recognized for its innovation in the clinical space, including the Computerworld Data+ Editor’s Choice Award for our Quintiles Infosario® platform.
I’m really proud of our strong net new business for Product Development with a 2013 book-to-bill ratio of 1.29 during a period which saw Quintiles sign a number of sole-provider and other strategic deals. In some instances, we were informed that we were the only company with the breadth and depth to partner in this way.
The future looks strong with total company backlog of approximately $9.9 billion.
Pricing remains a challenge in many areas of this segment, but in our view, has neither improved nor deteriorated. Hence, we continue to look to price where we are differentiated, but also implement strategies to improve our operating costs to remain competitive.
Product Development accounted for 77% of Quintiles’ service revenues in 2013, three percent- age points greater than in 2012. For the year, Product Development’s income from operations growth was 17.7%, increasing to $562.3 million. The income from operations margin for the year finished at 19.3%, representing 180 basis points of margin improvement.
QUINTILES AR 2013 3

Product Development Approval Integrated Healthcare Services
Project Management & Clinical Monitoring Commercial Focused Services Late Phase / Observational
Consulting Market Access
     Phase IV
 Commercial
 Healthcare Delivery
 Phase I Phase II Phase III
   Product Development Services 93% of Operating Profit
Integrated Healthcare Services (“IHS”) 7% of Operating Profit
    Clinical Trial Support (Central Lab, Biostatistics, Data Management, Technology etc.)
  Product Development Consulting (Strategic Planning & Design)
  Late Phase Interventional
Integrated Healthcare Services
Quintiles’ Integrated Healthcare Services (IHS) segment primarily partners with biopharmaceutical and healthcare customers focused on real world evidence gathering, commercialization and effective prescribing of approved treatments. It is the world’s leading commercial pharmaceutical sales and service organization, and provides world-class, real-world/late-phase capabilities.
IHS performs a wide range of commercial services such as contract pharmaceutical sales in key geographic markets and market access. Additional services include consulting, evidence gathering and signal detection services for the broader biopharmaceutical sector in connection with support for post-approval evaluation as well as payer and provider needs.
In this segment, our teams are renowned for their combination of expertise and “feet on the street.” We have literally written the book on research around comparative effectiveness, provide leading software for creating registries, and we provide resources that not only detail to doctors, but help both doctors and patients understand medical solutions and assist with adherence. This segment is undergoing what I call “transformation”—we are creating service offerings that yield greater value for customers.
Other Healthcare Solutions

We had very strong net new business in the second half of 2013, creating a strong book-to-bill ratio of 1.27 for the year, a six-year high. During 2013, IHS service revenues declined 2.9% at constant currency to $888.6 million. IHS service revenues in 2013 were impacted by low new- business wins in the first half of the year, and negative scope modifications and cancellations from fourth quarter 2012 and second quarter 2013. This was partially offset by revenue growth in excess of 20% from our Real World and Late Phase Research unit.
Our 2013 IHS service revenues growth and margin performance were not where we wanted them to be. Still, we are optimistic for IHS in 2014 as our net new business from 2013 exceeded our plans for the year, positioning us well with a number of important wins.
Leadership Advantages
We draw on strong competitive advantages which include the deepest and most comprehensive medical and therapeutic expertise, including more than 950 medical doctors. Our scientific and mathematical expertise includes over 900 Ph.D. holders. We have industry-leading technology where we leverage a first-mover advantage from investments begun in the last decade.
Quintiles’ global workforce can deliver with an effectiveness and cost that is unmatched among our competitors.
More than 3,000 of our 28,000+ employees have authored professional papers or books. We have profound experience in our field, the ability to conduct business in more than 100 countries, and the advanced technologies necessary to automate processes globally and analyze moun- tains of healthcare data. Of the new molecular entities and new biologic applications approved from 2004 through 2012, we have helped develop or commercialize 97% of the central nervous system drugs, 93% of the oncology drugs and 89% of the cardiovascular drugs.
Our strategic agenda keeps us focused and includes:
• Investing in offerings and assets that leverage our scale and create value for our customers
• Leading with world-class, customer relationship management
• Focus and metrics around quality, productivity and “proactive” delivery management • Investing in our people for leadership development and a high-performance workforce
2013 was a remarkable year for Quintiles in many ways. We underscored our position as the industry leader—we are 1.6 times the size of the next-largest publicly traded competitor based on reported 2013 consolidated service revenues. Quintiles has a leadership team in place to guide the company in the future, benefiting from a deep bench of skilled executives, each with at least 25 years of experience. This team executes our strategy on a day-to-day basis while working tirelessly to deliver value to customers.
QUINTILES AR 2013 5
Improving Customers’ Success
We have provided services in connec- tion with the development or commer- cialization of the top-50 best-selling biopharmaceutical products and the top-50 best-selling biologic products in the world.

Before leaving this section, I would be remiss if I did not mention the strength and opportunity around the company’s selling, general and administrative expenses (SG&A). We invest in, and have, the strongest sales capability in our industry. This group generates a strong pipeline of opportunities, not only in response to customer requests, but also proactively. In addition, our functional and operational executives are driving a series of initiatives aimed at reducing SG&A as a percentage of service revenues, and making us more competitive from a cost standpoint. In the global services industry, this focus is critical for our value proposition, so we drive it.
Positioned for Growth by Increasing Customers’ Probability of Success
Looking to the future, I am pleased with our position. Our markets are growing as our customers transform. We believe we are capturing an outsized share of new business. We have the most advanced offerings and capabilities in our industry and strong initiatives to improve operations and SG&A. We are well positioned to leverage our scale and cultural strengths.
The key to capturing above-market growth—to increasing our addressable market—and gener- ating improved profitability lies in increasing the probability of our customers’ success. When they succeed, we succeed. More importantly, patients will benefit.
Our underlying motivation is to make our own dent in the global burden of disease. It is reflected in our vision, “We bring people and knowledge together for a healthier world.”
I believe that culture can create a sustainable, competitive advantage, pairing intellect and innovation with practical application. Quintiles is a special organization with such a culture. Our opportunities abound, and we are committed to making good on the promise we make each day to customers, employees, patients and you.
TOM PIkE
CHIEF ExECUTIVE OFFICER
 