Letter to Shareholders
  Dear Fellow Shareholders,
We often start by writing “it’s been a busy year” and this one would be no exception. If you held both of the Liberty Interactive tracking stocks a year ago, some of your shares have a new ticker (LINTA => QVCA), you received a distribution of shares of Liberty Ventures Group and you hold shares of a whole new publicly traded company – Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings. These activities were consistent with our strategy – create long-term shareholder value tax efficiently – and, we believe, successful.
In August 2014, Liberty Ventures Group spun-off Liberty TripAdvisor, which holds our former stakes in TripAdvisor and BuySeasons. We created Liberty TripAdvisor to tax efficiently highlight the value of our TripAdvisor investment and provide investor choice, while retaining control and setting up an efficient structure. Liberty TripAdvisor raised a $400 million margin loan, with $350 million of this being distributed to Liberty Ventures Group, which will be used for repurchases of our shares within twelve months of the spin-off.
Following the Liberty TripAdvisor spin-off, we re-evaluated our structure and best opportunities for investment, which subsequently led to the reattribution announced on October 4th. In this reattribution, the digital commerce companies and $1 billion of cash were reattributed from Liberty Interactive Group to Liberty Ventures Group with Liberty Interactive Group shareholders receiving a tax-free dividend of Liberty Ventures Group shares. In connection with the reattribution we began referring to Liberty Interactive Group as QVC Group, and the tickers were changed to QVCA and QVCB. Our rationale for the reattribution was:
• Create a pure-play equity focused on multi-channel commerce, the QVC Group;
• Achieve our target leverage at QVC;
• Place capital where it had the most opportunities for investment; and
• Receive value for the digital commerce companies by aligning them with a more
growth-oriented investor base.
Although the initial reaction of some was hesitant, we are happy to say that as of April 6th both QVCA and LVNTA now trade above their respective pre-reattribution levels. In that time, QVCA (inclusive of the LVNTA dividend received) has appreciated approximately 25%, while LVNTA is up approximately 16% over the same period.
Some also ask us “why maintain the tracking stock structure?” and our answer is simple: because it works. It allows us to maintain the benefits of a “conglomerate” with a tax-efficient and reduced cost structure, and provides the ability to reattribute assets and liabilities between businesses to better address opportunities if needed, while also providing investor choice. We still believe trackers are poised for an increase in popularity.
 Annual Report 2014 1
 
  QVC group
It was an exciting year for QVC with continued progress in delivering a compelling shopping experience based on its four pillars of discovery, storytelling, social engagement and outstanding service. Mike George and his team continue to excel. QVC’s investment in eCommerce enhancements is paying off and enabled the company to generate $3.5 billion in eCommerce revenues and $1.7 billion in mobile orders, once again making it one of the world’s largest and most profitable eCommerce and mobile retailers. QVC entered 2015 with its largest ever customer count.
US results were outstanding across the board. QVC Plus, our second channel in the US, now reaches 54 million homes, and we are using it more for original and counter programming. In February 2015, QVC introduced a new shipping and handling policy. We recognize that customers are increasingly sensitive to shipping and handling rates and given our momentum from 2014, we felt it was the right time to adjust our rates with a large majority of items now shipping for either $3 or $5. There are some gives and takes in the policy, and we expect it will be largely neutral to revenue growth with the net adjusted OIBDA margin impact to be in the range of a decrease of 20-30 basis points.
Turning to our international markets, the trends from 2013 largely continued in 2014, with strength in the UK, China and Italy and lingering challenges in Japan and Germany. In 2015, we are cautiously optimistic that Japan will not face the same major macroeconomic headwinds from 2014. Germany has worked through many of its vendor transitions and the team is invigorated by its new CEO. We were thrilled for QVC Italy to achieve OIBDA positive results in the fourth quarter of 2014, and we look forward to the launch of QVC France this summer. Taking lessons learned from Italy, the capital and operational expense outlay in France will be lower, and it will be our first true multi-channel launch. Exchange rate movements are expected to be a challenge in 2015, but they are mainly translational with little impact to our margins.
We often point analysts and investors to the strength of QVC Group’s financial results, but due to the tracking stock structure and the quirks of purchase accounting, comparisons on an earnings per share basis can be a bit obfuscated. As such, we recently introduced a new metric: adjusted net income.* We hope this will make it easier to compare and highlight QVC’s financial and operational dominance.
Our other large holding at the QVC Group is HSN. We were very pleased with their one-time dividend, and announced additional share repurchase program and accompanying leverage increase in 2015. The company has performed well, and we believe it will continue to excel, with the added benefit of a more efficient balance sheet.
*Defined as attributed net income with add-backs for (i) non-cash, non-tax deductible purchase accounting amortization, net of book deferred tax benefit and (ii) the net income/loss from the digital commerce companies through the date of the reattribution.
 2 Liberty Interactive Corporation
 
  In 2014, we returned $3.26 billion in value to QVC Group shareholders through the reattribution and share repurchases, and ended the year near our target leverage ratio of 2.5x. Going forward we expect the main use of capital at QVC Group to be share repurchases that will more closely track free cash flow generation. Additionally, we will continue to refine the cost of capital and maturity profile of QVC, taking advantage of attractive capital markets.
Liberty VentureS group
We were pleased to end the year with almost $2.8 billion of cash at Liberty Ventures Group. We have publicly stated we would love to find a big transformational investment. Having more cash not only increases the universe of potential deals, but also differentiates us by our ability to write a big check. Our track record as long-term equity partners should increase our appeal. Additionally, we don’t shy away from complicated situations; complexity plays to our strengths. We expect to be patient, rational allocators of capital and welcome your thoughts on potential investments.
Activity with our digital commerce companies was high over the past year. Provide Commerce was acquired by FTD, and we are now the happy owners of 35% of FTD. We felt the floral and gifting market would benefit from consolidation, and the combination of FTD and ProFlowers would be very complementary. CommerceHub, our only B-to-B business, purchased Mercent, expanding its product portfolio. Given the attractiveness of this space and the high margin profile, we hope to complete additional, well-priced, synergistic acquisitions. Backcountry.com and Bodybuilding.com both grew nicely with expanding margins and continue to be leaders in their respective fields. Over time, we will evaluate how to best drive value for our shareholders with these businesses.
The other large asset at Liberty Ventures Group is our stake in Expedia which is valued at around $2 billion. We continue to assess the various options regarding this investment. Thus far, our patience has paid off, as Expedia has proven to be an attractive investment.
 Annual Report 2014 3
 
  Looking AheAd
We are excited for the year ahead. QVC Group is a focused pure-play in the multi-channel retail space which we think will help it get the attention it well deserves from the financial community. We expect the prevalent and growing trend of video consumption on any device to drive growth in existing and new markets. At Liberty Ventures the potential for activity is high and could be spread across our operating assets, our investments, and of course, looking for that high-return investment for our cash.
The Board of Directors is also pleased to report that Liberty has extended Greg’s employment contract to serve as CEO for five more years. Greg and his team have successfully overseen the evolution and growth oftheLibertyfamilyofcompaniesandincreasedshareholdervalue. Welookforwardtoacontinuationof this success for years to come.
We look forward to seeing many of you at this year’s annual investor meeting, which will take place on November 12th at the TimesCenter at 242 West 41st Street in New York City.
We appreciate your ongoing support. Very truly yours,
Gregory B. Maffei John C. Malone
President and Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
April 2015
   4 Liberty Interactive Corporation
 