                letter to our stockholders
  Dear Fellow Stockholders:
2013 was a successful year for Liberty Interactive Corporation. Our two largest businesses, QVC and TripAdvisor, turned in great performances with technology playing a key role. Increasing mobile penetration, investments in adaptive website design and embracing social media allowed these companies to deliver solid performances that transcended an otherwise challenging consumer spending environment. With the tailwind of equity market strength, QVC’s and TripAdvisor’s operational successes translated into meaningful appreciation for Liberty’s tracking stocks. For 2013, we posted gains of 49% for Liberty Interactive and 81% for Liberty Ventures, significantly outperforming market indices and multiple peer groups.
LIBERTY INTERACTIVE GROUP QVC
Mike George and his team delivered strong results with their continued focus on reimagining shopping, entertainment, and social media as one experience. QVC’s customers responded positively to its engaging curation of products and integrated programming delivered on all of its platforms. On a consolidated basis, QVC added over 3.1 million new customers in 2013, and another 740,000 in its growing China joint venture. Additionally, QVC invested in its platforms to create a more consistent and accessible shopping and service experience. In particular, the employment of responsive design permits its digital content to seamlessly fit any screen size, whether it is four or 64 inches.
2013 QVC global eCommerce growth remained strong, up 13% on a constant currency basis to 38% of revenue for the year, a 3-percentage point increase over 2012. And in December 2013, QVC hit an important milestone when eCommerce represented 50% of its total U.S. revenue for the month.
QVC also extended its leadership in mobile commerce with orders up 61% globally, in constant currency, during 2013. Mobile orders represented 31% of all eCommerce and, according to Internet Retailer, QVC now ranks as the number two multi-category retailer behind only Amazon in terms of mobile commerce. QVC also saw particular strength in Japan and the U.K., where mobile orders accounted for nearly 50% of eCommerce in 2013.
And finally, in April 2014, QVC announced its planned entry into France with an anticipated on-air date during the second quarter of 2015. QVC has long sought to access the French market, the second largest market in Europe by GDP. QVC continues to assess international expansion opportunities and is currently evaluating Brazil and Spain, among other markets. Liberty believes the QVC model is replicable and scalable and will seek additional international opportunities.
 Annual Report 2013 1
 
                  Other
Credit markets remain attractive, and we took advantage of this in 2013 and the first half of 2014. In September 2013, Liberty Interactive issued $400 million in debentures that are exchangeable into HSN shares at an attractive interest rate of 1%.
In March 2014, QVC raised $400 million in 5-year bonds at 3.125% and $600 million in 10-year bonds at 4.85%. These capital structure improvements decreased QVC’s weighted average cost of debt from 4.7% to 4.3%, while the weighted average term of QVC’s debt increased from 5.1 to 7.4 years - both take into account the recent bond issuances, and assume a fully drawn QVC bank credit facility.
From February 1, 2013 through January 31, 2014, we repurchased $1.1 billion in Liberty Interactive shares. This level of repurchase activity exceeded Liberty’s normalized free cash flow for the year and underscored our commitment to returning capital to drive stockholder value.
LIBERTY VENTURES GROUP TripAdvisor
Under the continued guidance of founder and CEO, Steve Kaufer, TripAdvisor retains its leadership position as the world’s largest travel community, helping travelers around the world plan and have the perfect trip. The company produced strong growth, with hotel shoppers up 36% for the year, including notable strength in its core U.S. and U.K. markets. TripAdvisor’s members remain highly engaged on the site, and contributed nearly 50 million reviews and opinions in 2013.
2013 was not only a strong year for TripAdvisor, it was also a transformative one. TripAdvisor successfully introduced “metasearch,” dramatically enhancing the hotel shopping experience. This new feature allows hotel shoppers to easily compare prices and availability without opening pop-up browser windows. Additionally, mobile product innovation remains a top priority, as tablet and smartphone’s share of total traffic nearly doubled to 40%, and app downloads grew nearly 150% to 82 million.
 2 Liberty Interactive Corporation
 
                  Other
In September 2013, we made a $300 million investment in Solana, the largest parabolic solar energy facility in the U.S. This investment provides numerous beneficial tax attributes, and we anticipate an after-tax internal rate of return in excess of 30%.
In May 2014, we filed documents with the SEC to spin-off Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings. After the proposed spin-off, Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings will hold our 22% economic and 57% voting interests in TripAdvisor along with the reattributed BuySeasons. We believe the creation of Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings will reduce the tracking stock discount associated with Liberty Ventures Group and create a strong acquisition currency.
Looking Ahead
QVC and TripAdvisor are embracing, not reacting to, technological change, creating a strong foundation for future growth. While our affiliates continue to evolve their business models, our core values at Liberty remain unchanged. We believe we are forward looking and will position ourselves to benefit from changes in technology and digital commerce. We aim to be nimble, adjusting our tactics as the industry evolves and market circumstances change. We are long-term oriented and will continue to be patient and wait for the right transactions.
We look forward to seeing many of you at this year’s annual investor meeting, which will take place on November 19th at the TimesCenter at 242 West 41st Street in New York City.
We appreciate your ongoing support. Very truly yours,
Gregory B. Maffei John C. Malone
President and Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
   Annual Report 2013 3
 