Dear shareholders, customers, partners, and employees:
As we marked Ryder’s 75th anniversary milestone in 2008, our team faced some of the most turbulent and challenging economic conditions of our long history. However, we remained focused and worked together to deliver full-year operating revenue growth, comparable earnings growth, and positive free cash flow. On the strength of our solid balance sheet, we also completed four acquisitions, and announced a fifth acquisition that closed in early 2009, to help position us for future success. I’m especially proud that Ryder continued to make progress and generate these results
following more than two full years of a protracted U.S. freight recession that began to impact our industry in the
third quarter of 2006. In fact, over the past three years, Ryder has
exceeded the total shareholder return index of the S&P 500
by more than 22%.
Greg Swienton
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ryder System, Inc.
 
 
 A solutions team collaborating at Ryder’s Transportation Management Center inTexas.
Throughout the year we maintained our competitiveness. We renewed and signed new business, launched new products, and implemented new processes and technologies to lower operating expenses, improve efficiency, and reduce costs for Ryder’s customers.
A Strong Determination to Compete. The difficult external environment did not prevent us from competing and making progress in 2008. Despite the ongoing freight recession, we delivered substantial financial performance through the first three quarters, and responded effectively as conditions deteriorated in the fourth quarter.Throughout the year we maintained our competitiveness.We renewed and signed new business, launched new products, and implemented new processes and technologies to lower operating expenses, improve efficiency, and reduce costs for Ryder’s customers. With the benefit of our more centralized processes, we have been able to respond more efficiently to changing market conditions.This improved capability was particularly evident as we quickly adjusted the size and geographic distribution of our commercial rental fleet to align with weaker demand at the end of the year.
In the fourth quarter, as global economic conditions deteriorated further, we took proactive strategic steps that involved difficult marketplace and employee decisions, but were necessary to ensure our ability to compete.These included discontinuing operations and transitioning out of contracts in Brazil, Argentina, Chile, and areas of Europe that were not expected to meet our profit targets and that did not fit with the strategic direction of our Supply Chain Solutions business. As a result, we’ve concentrated organizational efforts and resources on increasing the market share of our service offerings in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and the U.K., where we’ve earned a strong competitive position, and in strategic overseas markets, such as Asia, which demonstrate high potential for long-term profitable growth.
We also took a number of tactical steps to further align our cost structure and resources for what we expect to be a very weak economic environment throughout 2009.The challenging headwinds we face are directly related to the global economic downturn and difficult market conditions. Foremost among them is a significant increase in pension expense driven by poor performance in the overall stock market in 2008. In addition, the effect of the weak global economy is expected to continue impacting our transactional commercial rental and used vehicle sales operations, as well as our supply chain customers in the automotive industry.
Despite these factors, we're targeting new customer outsourcing opportunities in our contractual product lines, focusing on retention of our existing customers, and evaluat- ing additional acquisition opportunities. Our strong balance sheet, solid reaffirmed investment-grade credit ratings, good availability of capital, and the free cash flow generated by

 Smart Processes.

 Smart Technology.

 our business model are of particular value in enabling Ryder to capitalize on opportunities in this difficult environment. Our recent actions, along with our improved business model, position Ryder well for long-term profitable growth in
the future.
Fleet Management Solutions – Fleet Management Solutions (FMS) provides leasing, rental, and contract maintenance of trucks, tractors and trailers to commercial customers.
Our largest business segment responded effectively in 2008, as it adjusted to reduced demand in its transactional business while still pursuing contractual organic and acquisition-related growth opportunities. In particular,
I want to acknowledge the FMS operations team and members of Ryder’s central support functions who’ve done an exceptional job of executing targeted acquisitions. By carefully folding these “tuck-in” acquisitions into the existing Ryder network, we’ve been able to add substantial revenue and earnings from hundreds of newly acquired contractual FMS customers without taking on the levels of overhead that were previously required to serve them. In 2008, we announced the following four FMS acquisitions. The first three were completed in 2008 and Edart Leasing closed in February of 2009:
Lily Transportation Corp. – a privately owned full service truck leasing, commercial truck rental, and contract maintenance business based in Needham, Massachusetts.
• Added approximately 200 contractual customers
• $30 million in annualized operating revenue
• Fleet of approximately 1,500 full service lease,
and 80 commercial rental units
• Ryder acquired three of Lily’s 11 multi-customer
operating locations, and three locations serving single customers
Gator Leasing, Inc. – a privately owned full service truck leasing, commercial truck rental, and fleet services company based in Miami, Florida.
• Added approximately 300 contractual customers
• $35 million in annualized operating revenue
• Fleet of approximately 1,475 full service lease,
650 commercial rental, and 150 held-for-sale units
• Ryder acquired four of nine Florida operating locations
Gordon Truck Leasing – a privately owned full service truck leasing, commercial truck rental, and contract maintenance business based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
• Added approximately 130 contractual customers
• $11 million in annualized operating revenue
Ryder continues to build on its market leadership with innovative technologies and products: RydeSmart®, now available throughout the U.S. and Canada, allows customers to monitor fleet and individual truck performance. Information
is later used to help lower operating expenses, while increasing fuel and fleet efficiency.
The addition of the new RydeGreenSM Hybrid straight truck enables full service lease customers to achieve up to 30 to 40 percent improved fuel efficiency
in standard in-city pick up and delivery applications.
 
• Fleet of approximately 430 full service lease, 45 rental, and 35 held-for-sale units
• Ryder assumed operation of one of Gordon’s five multi-customer maintenance locations, and three locations dedicated to single customers
Edart Leasing, LLC – a privately owned full service truck leasing, commercial truck rental, and contract maintenance company based in Hartford, Connecticut.
• Added approximately 340 contractual customers
• $35 million in annualized operating revenue
• Fleet of approximately 1,460 full service lease,
180 commercial rental, and 525 held-for-sale units
• Ryder acquired four of Edart’s nine multi-customer maintenance locations, and a location dedicated to a
single customer
These acquisitions are among a total of five FMS “tuck-in” acquisitions completed over the past 18 months. Consistent with our strategy, these acquisitions have proven to be almost immediately accretive to earnings and, over time, have generated incremental levels of earnings due to additional synergies and efficiencies realized from the fully combined operations.
The FMS business segment continued to innovate by expanding the use of fleet technologies to lead customers to higher levels of fleet performance and efficiency. In 2006, we began to test an on-board GPS vehicle tracking and performance management technology called RydeSmart® to enhance our largest and longest-standing product line, full service lease. In 2008, after extensive testing, we expanded the availability of this offering throughout the U.S. and Canada. RydeSmart® customers can monitor fleet and individual truck performance anytime, anywhere and use information provided by the system to help lower their operating expenses, while increasing fuel and fleet efficiency.
Ryder continues to build on its market leadership by introducing new products such as the RydeGreenSM Hybrid straight truck line, now available for order by Ryder lease customers.The hybrid offering enhances our line of fuel- efficient RydeGreenSM tractors and trailers, launched in the fall of 2007.The RydeGreenSM Hybrid is a medium-duty straight truck, which can provide up to 30 to 40 percent improved fuel efficiency in standard in-city pick up and delivery applications. Diesel emissions are also dramatically reduced when the vehicle is operating in hybrid mode on battery power.
Supply Chain Solutions/Dedicated Contract Carriage – Supply Chain Solutions (SCS) manages the movement of materials and related information from the acquisition of parts and components to the delivery of finished products to end-users, and the related Dedicated Contract Carriage (DCC) service provides a turnkey transportation service including vehicles, drivers, routing and scheduling.
The SCS/DCC organization underwent significant change in 2008. Domestic and international operations were combined for the first time under a new president of the business segment in order to provide a uniform global customer service platform. Initiatives were launched to diversify the use of our deep automotive and high tech industry experience into other targeted industries, and to further develop our warehouse management capabilities. A new industry group was established to focus on retail and consumer goods customers. Added emphasis is being placed on growing our consistently profitable DCC business segment. Strategic steps were taken to exit certain global markets and customer contracts, in favor of focusing on more established markets in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and the U.K., where we enjoy a strong competitive position, and in strategic overseas markets, such as Asia, which represent future profitable growth potential.
While implementing these many changes in the midst
of a difficult economy and marketplace, the SCS team continued to renew and sign substantial DCC,Transportation Management, and SCS contracts throughout the year. Customers that signed multi-year contracts include: leading high-fidelity and electronics manufacturer Harman International Industries; one of the world’s best known imaging innovators Eastman Kodak Company; the world’s largest aerospace company Boeing; the world’s leading perimeter security and fencing manufacturer Master Halco, Inc.; and leading media companies such as The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, The Miami Herald Media Company, and The Roanoke Times. Our team understands and appreciates the trust our customers place in our ability to improve the operational effectiveness of their businesses. We look forward to assisting these and other new customers as they look for additional ways to compete in this difficult operating environment.
In line with our recent strategic initiatives, we completed an important SCS acquisition which strengthens our geographical focus, expands our logistics capabilities, and supports our new retail/consumer goods industry

   Smart People.
 
 Smart Solutions.

development initiative. In the fourth quarter of 2008,
we acquired Transpacific Container Terminal Ltd. (TCTL) and CRSA Logistics Ltd. (CRSA) in Canada, as well as CRSA Logistics operations in Hong Kong and Shanghai, China.These interrelated companies will now operate as Ryder Transpacific Container Terminal and Ryder CRSA Logistics, respectively.The acquisition is expected to add more than $20 million in annualized revenue to Ryder’s Supply Chain Solutions business unit. New capabilities resulting from the acquisition include consolidation services in key Asian hubs, deconsolidation and transloading in Vancouver, Toronto and Montreal, and end-to-end management of Canadian imports from Asia. This acquisition bolsters Ryder’s geographic presence in Canada and Asia, complements the portfolio of solutions available to our existing customers, and includes relationships with an established group of new quality retail customers.
Diversifying Industry Focus
As one of the pioneers in third-party logistics, Ryder’s
SCS business segment has spent the past two decades re-engineering supply chains, refining processes, and investing in technologies to achieve smooth start-ups
and deliver continuous improvement. We have a strong heritage and leading expertise in serving the complex and demanding requirements of the automotive industry. As we work to further diversify our industry mix, we are adding emphasis on, and working toward a higher rate of growth for, industries such as high tech, retail and consumer packaged goods, while building on our leadership within the automotive industry sector. We find that many aspects of the expertise and processes developed in our automotive work over the past few decades translate extremely well into the solutions we provide to other targeted industry sectors. Given the current global economic and financial market conditions, we are focusing efforts, resources, and investment in those industries and markets where we have the best ability to deliver the full value of the Ryder Supply Chain Solutions relationship.
Driving Forward
On behalf of our Board of Directors, I want to thank and recognize our employees for working together, successfully completing acquisitions, rapidly adjusting to market conditions, and delivering full-year comparable earnings growth, operating revenue growth, and significant positive free cash flow. We’ve entered 2009 with a leaner organizational structure, a more concentrated geographical focus, a strong balance sheet, solid credit ratings, and a
team that’s well prepared to manage through cyclical impacts of a prolonged recession and market downturn. Our improved business model, including centralized asset management, and the coordinated, timely actions of our organization, continue to provide an advantage in navigating through these unprecedented economic times. The steps we are taking now in a difficult market environment will also serve us well and allow us to emerge even stronger when overall economic conditions eventually improve.
Although the timing of a recovery is uncertain, we’re committed to competing and advancing our market position right now. Overcoming obstacles is a big part of what we do best at Ryder – it’s ingrained in our culture. Ryder customers are counting on us all day, every day to deliver, regardless of situation or circumstance. We take pride in doing our work ethically, effectively and without making excuses. Our confidence also comes from the comfort of knowing that our services and solutions can be tremendously beneficial to customers who want to focus on their core business and need to significantly improve the cost-efficiency of their operations. And we believe now is a good time to help customers address those wants and needs.
I’d like to express a final word of thanks to you, our fellow shareholders, for your trust in us and your belief in Ryder’s long-term potential. We appreciate your continued interest and we look forward to sharing many successes with you as we Drive Forward to reach Ryder’s outstanding potential on the road ahead.
Sincerely,
Greg Swienton
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ryder System, Inc.
Miami, Florida
March 2009
 