March 2012 Fellow Shareholders: Successful companies demonstrate an ability to manage through challenging times and deliver on their promises. In today's economic and competitive environment, this means that companies like ours must adjust and redouble efforts to meet the changing needs of their customers. These successful companies maintain their focus on innovation and improving productivity, forge ahead on identifying new opportunities for sustainable growth, and reaffirm their commitment to returning value to shareholders. We are pleased and proud to count Reynolds American among such companies. In fact, we have set our sights well beyond quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year achievements. Our vision is to achieve market leadership by transforming the tobacco industry. We are committed to leading change in our industry by driving innovation throughout our businesses, redefining enjoyment for adult tobacco consumers, reducing the harm caused by smoking, accelerating the decline in youth tobacco use, and resolving the controversial issues related to the use of tobacco. This is an aspirational vision for our company. Thus, we are all the more pleased to be able to report to you 2011 results that demonstrate our ability to deliver against these goals. RAI increased 2011 net income by about 25 percent to $1.4 billion, which contributed to reported EPS of $2.40, up 25 percent from the previous year. On an adjusted basis, which excludes special items, earnings of $2.81 per share were about 7 percent higher than 2010. RAI's adjusted operating margin of 33 percent was up 1.8 percentage points from 2010. A reconciliation of reported to adjusted results is in our full-year earnings release, which is on our website, www.reynoldsamerican.com. This successful performance allowed Reynolds American to deliver outstanding value to our shareholders in 2011. The company increased its dividend twice, bringing the total dividend increase for the year to 14.3 percent. The company also initiated a $2.5 billion share repurchase program, which will run through mid-2014. Our reportable business segments -- RJR Tobacco, American Snuff and Santa Fe -- made substantial progress in many key areas. It's clear from their 2011 performance that they continue to compete effectively in the marketplace while complying with the emerging new federal regulatory requirements. RAI's largest segment, RJR Tobacco, increased both adjusted operating income and margin in 2011. RJR Tobacco's strategic growth brands, Camel and Pall Mall, continued to perform well, increasing their combined share of the U.S. cigarette market to 16.4 percent. These two brands alone now account for more than 60 percent of RJR Tobacco's total cigarette volume. Camel's solid 2011 marketplace performance in the premium cigarette category was particularly notable given the economic pressure on consumers' disposable income and continued trend in consumer down-trading. Camel's menthol styles were a highlight of the year, increasing their share of the menthol market by 0.5 percentage points. The snus smokeless category continued to grow in 2011, led by Camel SNUS' volume growth and commanding 75 percent share of market. As trends in tobacco use change, Camel is transforming with the times, offering smoke-free and spit-free convenience to adult tobacco consumers who want to switch from cigarettes.

Pall Mall also had another great year, despite significant competitive activity. Pall Mall is the nation's largest value brand and continues to generate strong trial and conversion among value-conscious adult smokers. At American Snuff, underlying strong performance was again driven by its powerful Grizzly brand. The segment grew both volume and share, with substantial gains from Grizzly in the highly competitive but growing moistsnuff category. Grizzly grew both shipments and market share, ending the year with more than 28 percent of the growing U.S. smokeless tobacco category. Grizzly benefited from the 2011 investment in new retail contracts, giving it improved brand and pricing communication, and a better share of retail space. The expanded RJR Tobacco field trade-marketing organization, which now also serves American Snuff, delivered greater support for Grizzly in stores. Finally, Santa Fe turned in another outstanding performance. RAI felt that the time was right to give greater visibility to the company's strong growth, and we have elected to break out its domestic operations as a reportable business segment. Santa Fe continued to go from strength to strength in 2011, delivering double-digit increases in both volume and earnings, driven by its super-premium Natural American Spirit brand. Natural American Spirit achieved a milestone 1.0 percent in market share in 2011, no small feat in the face of overall declining cigarette demand and consumers' pricing pressures, and is testament to the brand's unique offerings and intensely loyal franchise. Of course, our achievements over the year were not limited to those we have just highlighted, and we should note several other developments that will contribute to our success going forward. RJR Tobacco's consolidation of cigarette production at its Tobaccoville facilty to improve efficiency is nearly complete, and American Snuff's new, expanded manufacturing facilities are successfully up and running. In addition, RAI continued to extend its sustainability efforts across its operating companies, and was awarded membership in the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index for the fourth consecutive year. We also recently completed a comprehensive review of key activities and resources at RAI, RAI Services and most departments within RJR Tobacco to ensure they are aligned with today's economic and competitive landscape. This will allow RAI to sustain the momentum of its operating companies' key brands, invest in innovation and maintain the financial flexibility to take advantage of competitive opportunities. As a result of RAI's efforts in 2011, the company's total shareholder return was more than 34 percent for the year, significantly outpacing the S&P 500. Based on last year's results and our confidence in our operating companies' ability to continue to enhance performance, Reynolds American expects to report mid- to high-single digit EPS growth in 2012. As we said at the beginning of this letter, successful companies like ours respond effectively to uncertainty and change. We will meet the challenges that lie ahead while continuing to transform our companies, community and industry. And as always, our commitment to rewarding our shareholders for their support is unwavering. Sincerely,

Thomas C. Wajnert Chairman of the Board

Daniel M. Delen President and CEO

