Susan M. Ivey
Chairman of the Board, President and CEO 336-741-2000 reynoldsamerican.com

March 30, 2007  My Fellow Shareholders: I am very pleased to report that 2006 was another outstanding year for Reynolds American Inc. ­ and for its shareholders. Enhancing shareholder value has been, and continues to be, a key priority for the company. I hope you will agree that we have delivered against that goal. Shareholders received a 43 percent return on their investment in RAI in 2006 ­ far outstripping the performance of the Standard and Poor's 500 and that of many other consumer goods companies. This return was driven by several factors, including a 20 percent increase in our cash dividend, merger-related synergies and productivity gains, favorable litigation developments and higher profits at each of our operating companies. As a result of our continued strong performance, Reynolds American's 2006 consolidated sales of $8.51 billion were up 3.1 percent year over year, and reported net income climbed 16.1 percent to $1.21 billion. We're pleased with our 2006 results, and hope our shareholders are as well. But we're not standing still. We are constantly seeking ­ and finding ­ ways to gain strength and grow, both organically and through strategic acquisition. On the organic growth side of the equation, R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc., R.J. Reynolds Global Products, Inc. and Lane, Limited each posted higher profits and success against targeted business growth objectives last year. R.J. Reynolds, our largest subsidiary, continued to post strong growth-brand gains. Camel was the nation's fastest-growing cigarette brand in 2006. Together, Camel, Kool and Pall Mall, the company's three growth brands, posted a combined market-share increase of 1.1 share points and ended the year with a 12.4 share of the U.S. cigarette market. Their gains helped R.J. Reynolds continue to moderate its overall share decline, keeping the company on track to begin overall share of market growth by the end of 2010. Just three years ago, R.J. Reynolds contributed almost 95 percent of RAI's operating income. In 2007, its contribution will be about 80 percent ­ as we continue to diversify our revenue stream and gain strength in tobacco growth segments.

Reynolds American Inc.

P.O. Box 2990

Winston-Salem, NC 27102

That points to another side of our growth equation: strategic acquisitions. Last year's acquisition of Conwood Company, LLC, the nation's second-largest smokeless tobacco company, significantly broadened the range of tobacco products offered by our businesses and diversified our profit stream. Conwood is a powerful addition to the Reynolds American family. Its performance has exceeded our expectations, adding to RAI's earnings in just its first seven months. By acquiring Conwood, Reynolds American gained immediate scale and strength in moist snuff ­ one of the few growing categories of the U.S. tobacco industry. In 2006, Conwood continued to solidify its position as the growth leader in that growth category by delivering strong gains in volume, market share and profits. Conwood's results were largely driven by the exceptional performance of Grizzly, the nation's leading moist-snuff value brand. Grizzly's 2006 gain of 3.4 share points boosted Conwood's total share to more than 25 percent ­ so one of every four cans of moist snuff sold in the United States in 2006 was a Conwood brand. We could not be more pleased with the addition of Conwood to the Reynolds American family of companies. In summary, 2006 was another great year for Reynolds American and our operating companies. In 2005, we said we expected to deliver low-single-digit EPS percentage growth over the next several years. But based on the strength we added in 2006 ­ including our increased productivity goal of approximately $500 million by the end of 2011 ­ we now expect to deliver mid-single-digit EPS percentage growth for the next several years. In addition, we continue to maintain a very strong focus on corporate social responsibility. And supporting all of our efforts is our continuing drive to build a high performance culture that is based on four core values ­ being Principled, Creative, Dynamic and Passionate. So by every dimension, we are continuing to build on Reynolds American's success and fortifying our foundation for short- and long-term growth. By doing so, we will continue our commitment to delivering superior shareholder return to you, our investors. Sincerely,

Susan M. Ivey

