Susan M. Ivey
Chairman, President and CEO 336-741-2000 reynoldsamerican.com

March 2010 My Fellow Shareholders:
Reynolds American Inc. and its operating companies delivered strong underlying performance in 2009, despite an especially challenging economic and industry environment. While earnings were down, driven by the negative impact of a significant increase in pension expense, I am pleased to report to you that our operating companies continued to build momentum, with volume and share growth on key brands and additional productivity gains. Reported 2009 net income of $962 million was down 28.1 percent, driven by trademark impairment and restructuring charges, with reported EPS of $3.30 down 27.6 percent from the previous year. On an adjusted basis, which excludes restructuring and non-cash trademark impairment charges in both years, and other prior-year items, earnings of $4.64 per share were 3.1 percent lower than 2008. A reconciliation of reported to adjusted results is in our full-year 2009 earnings release, on our Web site, www.ReynoldsAmerican.com. In a year marked by turbulent economic and industry conditions, RAI and its operating companies continued to demonstrate fundamental strength and resilience, and the ability to take advantage of competitive opportunities as they present themselves. We started 2009 amid great uncertainty. A deep recession with high joblessness was impacting consumer spending. On top of that, unprecedented increases in tobacco excise taxes significantly raised the cost of tobacco products, while on the competitive front there was consolidation in the moist-snuff category. In addition, the passage of federal tobacco regulation has increased the complexity of our businesses. However, we have been preparing for this for some time and are fully committed to complying with these new regulations. Despite these challenges, Reynolds American made steady progress through the year. As a result, the company increased its dividend by 6 percent, maintaining its commitment to return about 75 percent of net income to shareholders. RAI's total shareholder return for the year was 43 percent, far outpacing the S&P 500. Another highlight of 2009 was RAI's expansion into a new product category, with the acquisition of Niconovum AB. We believe that nicotine replacement therapy products have good potential for future growth and align with public health objectives. Over time, Niconovum plans to expand its product line and enter additional markets. I am also pleased to report to shareholders that RAI's sustainability efforts were again recognized, with membership awarded in the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index for the second consecutive year. In addition, the company was ranked No. 62 in Corporate Responsibility Officer magazine's 2009 Best Corporate Citizens List, and RAI was ranked in the top half of companies featured in Newsweek magazine's first annual Green Rankings. Both of RAI's main operating companies, R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company and Conwood Company, LLC, improved their performance in many key areas during the year. The companies enhanced their growth platforms, while continuing to focus on innovations that will drive profitable growth over the long term by meeting the changing preferences of adults who enjoy tobacco.

Reynolds American Inc.

P.O. Box 2990

Winston-Salem, NC 27102

In 2009, R.J. Reynolds increased its overall growth-brand share, improved its cigarette volume trend and posted additional productivity gains. Camel continued to evolve into a total-tobacco brand, while Pall Mall's strong growth made it the nation's fourth-largest cigarette brand. The two growth brands increased their share of the U.S. cigarette market by 1.9 share points, posting a full-year combined market share of 12.3 percent. Camel Crush, the brand's most recent cigarette innovation, performed well in its first full year. Crush gives adult smokers the unique choice of regular or menthol with each cigarette, using capsule technology developed by R.J. Reynolds. That technology was recently expanded to Camel's two core menthol styles. Camel's first smoke-free tobacco innovation, Camel Snus, was expanded nationally early last year and is already contributing to Camel's total-tobacco share of market. And Camel Dissolvables -- a new line of smoke-free products designed to fully dissolve in the mouth -- is generating good consumer interest. Pall Mall, which differentiates itself from other value offerings by delivering a high-quality, longer-lasting cigarette at an affordable price, grew well in the year as economic conditions drove an increasing number of adult consumers to seek greater value. In January 2010, Conwood changed its name to American Snuff Company, LLC to better reflect the company's rich tobacco heritage. American Snuff Co. delivered outstanding performance in 2009, with strong gains in moist-snuff volume and share despite intense competitive pressures. The company's volume growth continued to outpace that of the industry, with performance driven by Grizzly, American Snuff Co.'s flagship brand. Grizzly, the nation's best-selling and fastest-growing moist-snuff brand, captured about 70 percent of total moist-snuff category volume growth in 2009 and increased its market share to 25.3 percent. American Snuff Co. recently added even more value and equity to Grizzly with the introduction of embossed metal lids on all Grizzly styles. The company has also upgraded its Kodiak brand packaging, after stabilizing the brand's performance in the premium moist-snuff segment in 2009. Among American Snuff Co.'s recent innovations is Camel Dip moist-snuff, which was introduced in two lead markets last year to enhance the company's position in the premium segment. Camel Dip leverages the brand's rich heritage and is now available in three styles in 12 states. Our Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc. subsidiary also delivered great results in 2009, with its superpremium Natural American Spirit brand delivering double-digit volume growth and the largest cigarette share gain in the company's history. So, it is clear from our many accomplishments in 2009 that the fundamental strategies and strengths of Reynolds American and its operating companies continue to serve us well. We are well prepared to tackle any new challenges in the coming year and to take advantage of new opportunities. With our operating companies' strong key brands, equity-building enhancements and sharp focus on improving efficiency, we expect RAI to return to mid-single-digit earnings growth in 2010. Sincerely,

Susan M. Ivey

