"A financial relationship starts with trust and credibility. When you work in an area like the Gulf of Mexico and high-pressure situations around the world, you've got to have a group of bankers who understand you. That's what Regions brings to the table."

John Schiller Chairman and CEO, Energy XXI Houston, Texas

IT'S SPECIALIZED
How do you grow an energy company from startup to nearly 50,000 barrels a day equivalent ­ and do it in less than a decade? If you're Houston-based Energy XXI, you move fast, and you partner with a financial institution with deep expertise in your industry. According to company chairman and CEO John Schiller, "When you work in an area like the Gulf of Mexico and high-pressure situations around the world, you've got to have a group of bankers who understand you. One of the things Regions brings to the table is they have internal petroleum engineers, so they're very familiar with looking at complex oil and gas reservoirs like ours. Because of that expertise, when we need Regions to step up, they're there for us." Regions has created specialized lending groups for several different industries that include energy, healthcare, technology, transportation, franchise restaurant, real estate corporate banking and
4 REGIONS 2013 YEAR IN REVIEW

asset-based lending. These banking teams are comprised of specialists with deep expertise in their respective fields. That knowledge base is a key differentiator, helping create value for both partners in the relationship. Regions' head of energy banking, Kelly Elmore, brings extensive industry experience to his role of managing the relationship with Energy XXI. Notes Schiller, "With Kelly and Regions, we have a team of seasoned bankers that has known us for a long time, and as we have grown, they have grown with us." Kelly's work helped improve management of Energy XXI's line of credit, simplifying processing of payables and strengthening cash management. Adds Schiller, "We wire money a lot less frequently than we used to. That's just one place where the specialized groups and what Regions does were able to come in and make us a better-run company."

IT'S NEEDS-BASED
A senior at the Savannah College of Art and Design, Michelle Moezam has big career plans ­ and Regions is by her side with a banking solution that's right for her. "As a college student I have so many expenses ­ rent, food, gas, art supplies ­ and my single paycheck doesn't always cover everything. My mom is always there to help out financially when I need it. With our Regions joint account she can monitor how much I'm spending ­ even tell me to quit eating out so much," Michelle laughs. "And when I need a little help, it's really easy for her to transfer funds." Michelle's smartphone is always nearby, and Regions' mobile solutions make banking more convenient than ever. "I have the Regions app, and I use it to take photos of my checks which is really helpful. I can access the funds immediately, which is nice, and I don't have to drive out to the bank." For Michelle's mom Soraia Kyker, an acclaimed Birmingham hair stylist and color specialist, their joint account provides flexibility ­ and peace of mind. "She's a great girl. I'm very proud of her and always want to be supportive," says Soraia. "With the mobile app it's really easy for me to check to see if her finances are okay, and if they're not okay, I can transfer funds right from my phone." Regions' commitment to great customer service came in handy when Michelle's debit card was stolen. Recalls Michelle, "I was so nervous I was shaking. But I called the Regions helpline, and they told me to stay calm, not to worry and everything would be taken care of. Regions was there for me when I needed them."

"Michelle's in college 400 miles away, so I'm often checking to make sure her finances are okay. Our Regions joint account and the mobile app help me make sure her needs are being met. For a mom, that's peace of mind."

Soraia Kyker with daughter Michelle Owner, SK Salon Birmingham, Alabama
REGIONS 2013 YEAR IN REVIEW 5

IT'S CUSTOMIZED
For more than 25 years, Tim Nichols has been living his dream as a successful Nashville songwriter. The co-creator of Tim McGraw's "Live Like You Were Dying" and hits by Alan Jackson, Faith Hill, Trace Adkins and many other top artists, Tim says the thrill of creating a new hit today is just as enjoyable as ever. "I remember the first time I heard my song on the radio ­ it's just an incredible feeling. And it's still incredible today. It never gets old." At every step since that first hit, Regions wealth advisor Lisa Harless has been at Tim's side, providing financial expertise and solutions. Tim also has a strong entrepreneurial streak, and the Regions relationship expanded as Tim pursued diverse new business interests. "The songwriting career has been great, but I started thinking about the next step. So nine years ago, a couple of partners and I formed a publishing company. We started with no songs and then last year alone we had six number-one hits, including two Grammy nominations. It's been a great year, and Regions has been our partner. When we started the publishing company, we knew we would take that business to Regions as well." When Tim and several partners acquired a beverage distributorship in Shreveport, Louisiana, Regions' presence in the state meant the bank could provide banking services to that venture as well. For the multitalented Tim Nichols, his interests don't stop at songwriting and business ­ he's also a committed philanthropist. "There is a preschool and therapy center for children with special needs in Franklin, Tennessee called High Hopes that I have been working with for the past 17 years. This school has my heart. The sign on the outside of the building says `High Hopes,' but inside that building it's this little miracle factory." Tim appreciates a partner that can provide services that are fully customized to his needs. "The services that Regions provides are unique to my needs, whether they be personal or business or philanthropic. While the investment world and retirement and savings can seem complicated, at the end of the day I still just want to do what I love, which is to write songs. Regions lets me do that."

"The investment world and retirement and savings can seem complicated. With Regions' expertise on my side, I can focus on what I love most ­ which is writing songs."
Tim Nichols Songwriter, Entrepreneur and Philanthropist Nashville, Tennessee
6 REGIONS 2013 YEAR IN REVIEW

IT'S COMMUNITYFOCUSED
Setting goals, making good choices and doing your homework ­ those are great guidelines, not only for high school success but also for making sound financial decisions throughout life. At Atlanta's historic Booker T. Washington High School, Dr. Malaika Syphertt's students in the Regions Financial Scholars program are gaining a wealth of personal finance knowledge through their engagement with the Regions-sponsored Financial Education program developed by EverFi. The online learning platform leverages leading-edge technology from EverFi like 3-D gaming, videos, avatars and social networking to bring complex financial concepts to life for the wired generation. Regions is proud to provide support for its deployment at high schools and colleges in eight states of Regions' footprint. So far in the 2013­14 school year, more than 3,000 high school and university students have been certified in the Financial Education program. "The online program is extremely effective, and I use it to supplement my classroom instruction," said Dr. Syphertt. "It's good for differentiation and individualized work, and my students are constantly being assessed before they go on to the next module. It's awesome because they can do it in class, they can do it at home, they can do it on their smartphones or electronic devices, and it is really exciting and they all love it." Senior Kadeeja Taylor is one of the many Washington High students benefiting from the program. Kadeeja, who hopes to attend Emory University, observed, "My favorite topic was budgeting, because I know in college you don't have an excess amount of money to spend. I think this will help me be able to budget and actually make it through college and not have to struggle." Dr. Syphertt says it's rewarding to know the benefits to these students can last a lifetime. "It's very important that they understand financial terminology before they make mistakes like getting into bad debt or making bad financial decisions. They're learning that they should start saving now and establishing themselves financially in terms of credit and savings. It's just beautiful to see them grow and develop into successful citizens." Dr. Malaika Syphertt, with student Elizabeth Ushi Teacher and 12th Grade Team Leader Booker T. Washington High School, Atlanta, Georgia
REGIONS 2013 YEAR IN REVIEW 7

"Financial literacy is very important for these students because they're about to graduate and enter adulthood. The Financial Education program that Regions supports is extremely effective in providing them the information they need to be successful in life."

CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

GRAYSON HALL

Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer

To our shareholders, associates, customers and communities: Regions Financial is a different organization today than it was several years ago -- and the changes are all positive. We have simplified our business model and strengthened our business strategies. Yet, importantly, in every decision we make, the needs of our customers continue to drive what we do. Across the 16 states we serve, and in every segment of our business, our associates focus on the fundamentals of relationship banking, and their commitment to serving our 4 million customers made 2013 a pivotal year for Regions. I am proud of their accomplishments and am confident our team has established a solid foundation to support sustainable growth going forward.

8

REGIONS 2013 YEAR YEAR IN IN REVIEW REVIEW

By nearly every measure, our 2013 results were positive. We grew loans, households and accounts -- many of these metrics for the first time in several years. Fifteen of our 17 businesses expanded. Credit quality improved markedly. We prudently managed expenses while making appropriate investments in technology and talent to support continued growth. And customer satisfaction continued to rise. With a business strategy built on a foundation of creating shared value for all of our stakeholder groups, we were able to deliver a solid profit by offering customers the financial products and services they need to help them reach their financial goals. Creating Shared Value -- A Foundational Strategy Over one year ago, as Regions progressed through a recovery period, our Board and leadership team began to think carefully about a new foundational business strategy. The foundation that emerged from that process -- creating shared value -- calls for our actions to benefit all stakeholders. We firmly believe that the most powerful way to create long-term value for Regions' shareholders and opportunity for our associates is to ensure that our customers and communities are prospering as well. We believe the sequence of the decision-making process is critical, which is why each choice we make begins with our customers. In 2013, we made continued progress in implementing the shared value strategy across the organization, which contributed in a meaningful way to our positive results during the year. Our approach requires us to think holistically about our customers' full range of needs, and to match solutions to those needs in a manner that creates value for both participants in the relationship. Regions360: How We Create Shared Value Regions360 -- which is a detailed, prescriptive approach that empowers our bankers to create deeper and broader relationships with our customers -- exemplifies how we

create shared value. We introduced this approach because we understand that every customer has unique needs and can benefit from our broad range of products and services. At the same time, the financial needs of our customers in our three segments, consumer, commercial and wealth, are diverse. For example, a young family with a checking account needs to invest for college and retirement. A commercial customer with a business loan needs to manage cash and receivables. A wealth client with a teenager in college needs joint checking with the flexibility to manage funds anywhere, anytime, via mobile. Taken as a whole across the 16 states we serve, these varying needs represent an important opportunity for sustainable growth in the years ahead. As part of the Regions360 introduction, we provide extensive training and tools so our associates are consistent in how they use the approach with each customer. This is a strategy that works from the inside out, with the customer in the center, and enables us to identify financial needs relevant to all aspects of their lives or business activities. Only after that work is completed do we match those needs with Regions solutions that are suitable for the customer and that provide the bank a fair value of exchange for the services we provide. While we are still in the process of implementing Regions360 across the full organization, we have already seen how impactful it can be in building value for both the bank and our customers. Growing Loans and Customer Relationships Our 2013 loan growth underscores the potential of Regions360. Last year, total new and renewed loan production increased $4.5 billion, or 8 percent, from the previous year. Business lending grew, led by our commercial and industrial portfolio, which increased $2.7 billion. Specialized expertise in attractive growth industries like energy and healthcare remains a positive differentiator for Regions.

$991

$1,090

3.07%

3.11%

3.20%

$(429)

2012

2013

Net Income*

Net Interest Margin

354% Increase
($ in millions)

13 bps Increase
REGIONS 2013 YEAR IN REVIEW 9

2011

2012

*Net Income (loss) available to common shareholders.

2011

2013

Even as we work to create deeper relationships with existing customers, we also are committed to developing new relationships as well. In 2013, our associates found new ways to serve more consumers more effectively. A standout was indirect auto loans, which grew by 32 percent. That progress was the result of growth in our collaboration with dealers -- now numbering more than 2,100 -- and technology that accelerates loan processing for dealers and their car buyers. Our consumer credit card offering also proved attractive in the marketplace. The number of active Regions card users increased 7 percent over the prior year. These successes -- and others -- helped us grow the total number of customers and households served across the company in 2013. Positive Financial and Operational Performance Strong execution and effective expense management by our team contributed to positive financial results in 2013. Net income available to common shareholders increased 10 percent from the prior year to $1.09 billion. Diluted earnings per common share grew more than 8 percent, to $0.77 per share. Net interest margin expanded by 9 basis points, to 3.20 percent at year-end. Positive trends in our deposit mix resulted in a 15 basis point decline in deposit costs to a historically low level of 15 basis points in 2013. While we restored growth in loans and households in 2013, we kept a sharp focus on controlling expenses and driving greater efficiency across the organization. Each year since 2009 we have consistently reduced full-year adjusted expenses*, and we extended that strong record in 2013, while we also made appropriate investments in new customer-facing, revenue-generating positions and took necessary steps to strengthen our compliance organization.

Asset quality is another vital measure of our financial health. In 2013 we achieved broad-based improvement in every metric, including a 31 percent decline in net charge-offs and a 36 percent decline in total nonperforming loans. As we work to continue driving loan growth going forward, we are guided by a mandate that risk management is a fundamental requirement throughout each of our 17 businesses. Our training and internal communication make clear that it is a responsibility shared by every associate everywhere we do business. Regions' capital position also remains strong as our Tier 1 common ratio* was 11.2 percent, an increase of 40 basis points from one year ago. The company's liquidity position remained solid as we concluded 2013 with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 81 percent. Driving Innovation with a Personal Touch We are focused on offering customers flexible options that allow them to bank how they want, when they want, in whatever manner they find most convenient. Technological innovation is transforming the delivery of financial services, adding both efficiency and convenience. In 2013, we continued to enhance our digital solutions, including our remote capture deposit product for mobile banking customers. The growth in our mobile banking channel has been nothing short of extraordinary, and in the not-toodistant future we expect mobile transaction volumes to surpass that of the Internet channel. As we invest to expand our digital capabilities, we remain firm in our belief that banking remains, at its core, a peoplebased business. It is clear that our 1,705 branches remain a source of Regions' strength and provide a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Eighty-one percent of our sales originate in the branch and 64 percent of our

0.49%

8.5%

10.8%

11.2%

Deposit Costs

Tier 1 Common Ratio*

0.30%

0.15%

34 bps Improvement

270 bps Increase

2011

2012

2013

2011

2012

*See Table 2 in Form 10-K for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations.

10

REGIONS 2013 YEAR IN REVIEW

2013

customers visit one at least once a month. These metrics underscore the continued relevance of a physical point of presence in the communities we serve. It is appropriate that we periodically evaluate our branch channel and rationalize those assets as necessary, and that work continued in 2013. Efforts are also underway to evaluate ways to make our branches more efficient by leveraging new technology and process improvement. Our focus on product innovation and creating shared value also underpin Now Banking, a suite of solutions aligned with the needs of nontraditional, underserved customers. Customers who lack traditional banking relationships often encounter high fees and inadequate service. To address that need, we developed Now Banking to offer nontraditional customers simple, affordable solutions. Product options include a reloadable debit card, check cashing, electronic bill payment and money transfer services. Customer response has been strong; in 2013 we grew Now Banking households by 26 percent. Our associates will work to expand relationships with our Now Banking customers as their needs and circumstances evolve into more traditional banking products. The people-based nature of our business also means that the quality of each customer's experience is very important if we are to successfully execute Regions360 and build new customer relationships. Each year our research studies conducted by the Gallup Organization measure our success and identify areas for improvement. Making positive change requires not only assessment but also accountability. Our leaders work closely with their direct reports to drive continuous improvement. I am pleased with the great progress our team has made in raising our service quality and personal loyalty measures. Ensuring that every interaction with every Regions customer is positive and responsive will remain an important priority as we move forward. Creating Shared Value in our Communities We understand that Regions can only be as strong as the communities we serve. That's why we have a strong culture of community engagement. Our approach to creating shared value in the communities we serve is an extension of that culture, and it directs us to act in ways that build prosperity and opportunity in all the geographic areas we touch. Whether providing necessary capital for affordable housing in an underserved community, offering expertise and support to expand the capacity of a nonprofit charity or leveraging the tremendous human capital of our 24,000-plus associates through volunteerism, Regions is strengthening its commitment to build community value.

As a financial institution, we also embrace the opportunity to help consumers make better-informed decisions about their financial futures. We recognize that there are two parts to that equation. As a provider of financial services, we have the responsibility to make our solutions simple and straightforward. And consumers need clear, objective information about the options available in the financial marketplace in order to make smart financial decisions. To help strengthen that understanding, we support financial literacy and consumer education programs -- especially those that reach young people. In 2013 our efforts reached over 3,000 students and 370,000 customers -- work that builds community value in a very important way. Building the Best Team -- The Key to Our Continued Success We look to the future with confidence that Regions has the right purpose, mission and strategy to continue to build long-term value for our shareholders and all our stakeholders. Our strategy is a simple one, focused on back-to-basics banking and effective execution -- by a strong team -- is the key to achieving continued success. We are well on the way toward fulfilling our objective to build one of the best teams in the industry. Associate engagement has increased significantly, and we are working hard to raise it further still. Today, we are attracting some of the brightest, most capable talent in our field to the organization. Our strong team is getting stronger. Perhaps most importantly, my conversations with associates reveal a tangible excitement and a new pride about this company's commitment to creating shared value and how it supports a sustainable future for ourselves and for the others we touch. Their enthusiasm and dedication will continue to fuel our positive momentum to building a very unique and successful organization. I am grateful to each of them, to our Board of Directors, to our partners and suppliers and, importantly, to our customers and to our shareholders, for their ongoing confidence and support. Sincerely,

Grayson Hall Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 11, 2014

REGIONS 2013 YEAR IN REVIEW 11

