                MESSAGE FROM C. DOWD RITTER
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS: There is no question that we were faced with an incredibly challenging economic and banking environment in 2009, which led to disappointing financial results. However, during the year we took important steps to manage those things within our control – helping to mitigate the impact of the tough market and ultimately positioning us well for the economic recovery. The actions we have taken – combined with good performance from key areas of our business in 2009 – give me confidence that Regions has significantly improved prospects for the future. We are committed to returning to profitability, and while I cannot give you a specific timeline as to when this will occur, I believe the worst is behind us.
 
                MESSAGE FROM C. DOWD RITTER
OPERATING IN A CHANGING INDUSTRY LANDSCAPE
The first half of 2009 was marked by legislative and regulatory responses to the continuing credit crisis. The government continued to define the implications of the Troubled Asset Relief Program. And, regulators took steps to ensure that the largest banks – Regions included – had sufficient capital to withstand larger than expected losses.
We’ve been focused on improving customer satisfaction, reducing credit exposure, increasing customer retention, and building deposits and new relationships.
The second half of the year was marked by uncertainty about how regulation would be reformed to address the causes of the crisis and consumer concerns. Throughout the year, we monitored and addressed
the government’s actions and met our regulators’ stress test requirements. We’ve been focused on improving customer satisfaction, reducing credit exposure, increasing customer retention, and building deposits and new relationships.
We believe that regulatory reform is appropriate and necessary. We support improvements that strengthen our industry
and protect the financial needs of our customers. Ultimately, we recognize that it is our responsibility to manage our own risks and act in the best interests of our customers. To this end, we will continue to protect Regions’ future by implementing best-in-class risk management practices and delivering the very best customer experience. Regardless of the final shape of regulatory reform, we will be proactive in anticipating and responding to these changes as appropriate.
We remain committed to continuing to help drive the U.S. economic recovery. At Regions, we are lending. Our lending track record in 2009 is proof positive of this fact. Regions is doing its part to advance the economic recovery by extending credit to consumers and to businesses. Last year, we committed $65 billion in new and renewed loans – that’s about $250 million every business day. Moreover, through
our Customer Assistance Program, we worked with more than 23,500 mortgage customers so they could keep their homes. Our residential foreclosure rate is less than half the national average. To us, that’s more than just a number. It means giving families a chance to stay in their homes and an opportunity to regain a more
stable financial footing.
 2
REGIONS 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

                A critical part to operating successfully in this new environment is to reduce the risk profile of the balance sheet. In 2009, we reduced critical credit exposures, selling or transferring to held for sale some
$1.7 billion of troubled assets. Our homebuilder portfolio was down 60% since 2007, and our condominium portfolio has become a nonissue. The early and aggressive action we have taken to reduce the risk profile of the balance sheet has stabilized our loan losses. We believe these steps will help Regions return to profitability as the economy improves.
RESULTS FROM CORE FUNDAMENTALS OF OUR BUSINESS
Even in this very challenging time for our country and the economy, we achieved significant results in certain areas by keeping our business focused on the customer. Core to our philosophy is the fact that Regions provides customers a banking relationship, not just a banking account. And, we believe satisfied customers are loyal customers – which ultimately results in profitability and long- term shareholder return. In 2009, we received significant industry recognition for customer satisfaction: J.D. Power and Associates named Regions Mortgage as the No. 1 Mortgage Servicer in the nation; Gallup confirmed our ability to keep
customers first when they ranked Regions in the top quartile in customer satisfaction; and the Small Business Administration ranked Regions the No. 3 Small Business Lender in the nation.
Core to our philosophy is the
fact that Regions provides customers a banking relationship, not just a banking account.
Customer satisfaction in turn fueled impressive growth in deposits and checking. We grew customer deposits
by $12.6 billion over the last 18 months and opened more than 1 million new checking accounts in 2009. We now have more than 4 million checking accounts
at Regions and 400,000 investment accounts at Morgan Keegan. Checking production in 2009 was up 27% over 2008, and even more importantly, our net checking account growth for the year was almost three times greater than 2008.
In our view, in 2009 more people chose Regions for their banking needs and Morgan Keegan for their investment needs because they want to conduct financial business where they do business – on Main Street. In virtually all of our major markets, we took market share last year
– with increased share in 15 of the 16 states where we operate. We’re in some
of the Southeast’s most attractive markets from a growth potential standpoint and are in an excellent position to continue to build market share throughout the franchise.
MESSAGE FROM C. DOWD RITTER
 REGIONS 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
3

                MESSAGE FROM C. DOWD RITTER
Banking at Regions is a very simple and straightforward business, with the foundation centered on maintaining our focus on our customers. By keeping
our customers’ needs at the core of our business decisions, we will continue to provide competitive but proven products that build value over the long term
and assist customers in achieving their financial goals.
2009 FINANCIAL RESULTS
While I am not pleased with Regions’ loss in 2009 of $1.3 billion, or $1.27 per share, these results were heavily impacted by credit quality and economic challenges. Specifically, the results reflect a $3.5 billion loan loss provision, which is a result of aggressive efforts to address credit quality problems in a number of specific areas. We also made progress with the deceleration of assets moving
to non-performing status, driven in large part by our disposition of $2.7 billion in problem assets over the past 15 months.
The actions we have taken to deal with non-performing assets will put us in a stronger position once the environment begins to improve.
We are confident that the actions we have taken to deal with non-performing assets will put us in a stronger position once
the environment begins to improve. Non-performing assets, excluding loans held for sale, as a percentage of total loans and repossessed assets, were
4.49% at December 31, 2009, compared to 1.33% a year earlier. However, inflows of new non-performing assets peaked in the second quarter and declined in the quarters that followed. Net charge-offs increased to 2.38% of average loans,
up from 1.59% a year earlier.
Revenues from Regions’ fee income- producing businesses for 2009 were $3.8 billion as compared to $3.1 billion for 2008. Despite higher credit-related costs, we were able to keep noninterest expenses in check by focusing on rigorous expense management and improved operating efficiencies.
The net interest margin steadied in late 2009, due to an ongoing positive shift in funding mix coupled with better pricing on loans and deposits. Regions’ deposit- gathering efforts were successful due in large part to our goal of opening 1 million checking accounts during the year. The Road to a Million Checking campaign increased total customer deposits by 9% during 2009, and we are encouraged by this momentum as we begin 2010.
Capital ratios throughout 2009 remained strong, finishing the year with a Tier
1 ratio at 11.5 percent and a Tier 1 Common ratio at a very solid 7.2 percent. Regions’ capital ratios are comparable
to our peers. This capital reinforces our ability to continue to be a safe harbor to customers and their deposits.
 4
REGIONS 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

                STRONG LEADERSHIP TEAM, TALENTED ASSOCIATES WILL
MOVE REGIONS FORWARD
In December 2009, I announced that
I would retire as Chairman and CEO effective March 31, 2010. Over my 40-year career, this company has grown from a local, small-town bank to one of the nation’s largest financial institutions. The industry where I started my career is nothing like the industry I will be leaving. But one thing has remained the same
– banking continues to be a business built on relationships. I am proud that Regions has never lost its focus on serving customers or building the kind of relationships that produce the highest level of loyalty and satisfaction.
As we emerge from an unprecedented economic recession, and as all banks face regulatory reform, I believe Grayson Hall is the right leader to take our company into the future. During his 30 years
with our company, Grayson has played
an instrumental role in growing and reshaping Regions. I am confident
our best days are ahead. We have great people focused on service quality and productivity; our presence in the Southeast is solid; and we have an industry-leading technology platform that allows us to be flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our customers.
One thing has remained the same – banking continues to be a business built on relationships. I am proud that Regions has never lost its focus on serving customers or building the
kind of relationships that produce the highest level of loyalty and satisfaction.
I believe Regions has the most talented team of associates in the industry, and
I consider it a privilege to have worked with them. I also consider it a privilege to have worked with a Board of Directors that gave sound guidance and shared a commitment to ensuring Regions is in
a position of strength as we emerge from a turbulent economic crisis.
Finally, I thank our shareholders for your confidence, continuing support and investment.
C. Dowd Ritter
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
MESSAGE FROM C. DOWD RITTER
  REGIONS 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
5
