ralph lauren
Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer

dear fellow shareholders
I am pleased to report that we enjoyed one of the finest years in the history of Polo Ralph Lauren. This year, we celebrate our 40th anniversary -- and our 10th as a publicly owned corporation. We have every reason to look back with pride. And we have every reason to look forward with excitement. Polo Ralph Lauren is one of the world's premier brands. It speaks of sophistication and luxury, superior quality and design. Our constant goal is to elevate and extend the brand through distinctive merchandising and effective marketing. We do this by deeply understanding our customers and by designing and making sought-after products. And we bring our brand to new customers as well. In the past year we have broadened our reach even further into Europe and Asia. All of our efforts are supported by continuously improving the ways in which we do business. As our results continue to prove, what we do works. You will find our performance numbers elsewhere in this report. We are proud of them. Because of our strong results, we have been able to invest back into our growing business. We have used our financial strength to build new stores and shops-within-shops in department and specialty stores. We have invested significantly in our infrastructure, including showrooms, office space to house our growing operations, and new technology to support our global business. And we invested in acquiring several key licensees that we believe will enable us to better align those businesses with our global strategies. We believe passionately in the long term and that these investments will play an integral role in our ongoing success. We substantially increased our commitment in Japan, and by extension to Asia, through strategic acquisitions. Most notably, we recently acquired our Japanese men's, women's and jeans apparel, and accessories licensee, and the remaining 50% interest in our Japanese Master Licensee. This was the most complex transaction we've ever undertaken -- and one of the most significant. Japan, 30 years ago, was our first international market. Today, it's a vital market for luxury companies, and, as with other selected licensee buybacks, this transaction allows us to better control our own destiny. We will enhance our presence in major Japanese stores; we will build Ralph Lauren stores; and we will strengthen the infrastructure that supports these activities. We are increasingly a worldwide presence. Everything we do today has a global sensibility, one that is central to our future growth potential and profitability. Across Europe, our performance was excellent, with especially strong demand for our collection products. We created the Global Brand Concepts (GBC) group, a pioneering effort that will seek to partner with specialty and department stores to develop new lifestyle brands. We believe the potential for this business is significant as the pipeline of new opportunities to introduce further partnerships is robust. Products from the first brand created by a GBC partnership, American Living, are expected to launch in JCPenney in January 2008, and we look forward to bringing them to market. We formed the Ralph Lauren Watch and Jewelry Company with Richemont to help us fulfill the tremendous potential we see in the global luxury accessories market. Consistent with our near-term strategy and focus on accessories, we also completed the buyback of our licensee for men's and women's belts and other small leather goods to better build this growing category.

Our retail group has been very successful this year. We saw strong performance worldwide, and across our retail formats. Our Ralph Lauren stores, Club Monaco, and our factory stores, as well as RalphLauren.com, have all made important contributions to our sales. During the year, we bought the 50% of Ralph Lauren Media previously owned by NBC and their affiliates, giving us total control of our internet business operating as RalphLauren.com. The site has become both a significant business contributor domestically and a popular, powerful marketing tool worldwide. In addition, we followed up the success of our flagship stores in Tokyo and Milan by opening two licensed stores last month in Moscow, which we consider an important luxury retail market. I am extremely pleased with the momentum we are seeing across all our brands and products. Customers have responded extremely well to our offerings, and there is clear demand for our luxury apparel and accessories. Our menswear and womenswear collections continue to be strong drivers, and sales in our wholesale business are robust. We are in a very healthy financial condition. We are conservative in our approach to balance sheet management and judicious in our use of leverage. Over the past five years, we have reinvested more than $1.6 billion in our business -- for acquisitions, for licensee buybacks, for new stores and for improvements to our infrastructure. We are very comfortable with our ability to support our ambitious growth plans for the future. One noteworthy external measure of our growth: during the year, we became part of the Standard & Poor's 500 Index, one of the primary indicators of the value of the U.S. stock markets. We believe deeply in helping others, and we care greatly about our communities. I'd like to highlight just a few characteristic efforts among many. We continue our efforts to support cancer care and prevention through our global Pink Pony initiative, with hundreds of our employees participating in the Pink Pony Walk this year, and with our long-term commitment to the Ralph Lauren Center for Cancer Care and Prevention. In addition to the financial support we provide through our Foundation, we have established numerous programs that share our expertise and offer opportunities for employees to volunteer their time. Our Polo Volunteer employees participated in the Hurricane Katrina relief by building two homes in Mobile, Alabama, and we established an Adopt-a-School program with seven schools in the U.S. We welcomed three new members to our Board of Directors this year: Bob Wright, Vice Chairman and Executive Officer of General Electric Company; John Alchin, Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Financial Officer of Comcast Corporation; and Jacki Nemerov, Executive Vice President of Polo Ralph Lauren, who is responsible for our wholesale, licensing and manufacturing businesses. We value greatly the perspectives they bring to the board. I've said many times that our management team is the best in the business. It's as true today as ever. And none of what we do would be possible without the creativity, energy and commitment of our 14,000 employees. To all of them, I offer my sincerest gratitude.

