RALPH LAUREN
Ch11trnun   o f theUoJrd
t.hid Execu11'\COfficer























DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

Fiscal 2008 was another year of strong sales and earnings for our Company, even as we invested in several long-term initiatives. During the year, we integrated newly acquired businesses, new territories and created an entirely new lifestyle brand. It was an especially momentous year for us too, as we celebrated our fortieth anniversary and our tenth year as a publi ly traded company.

I am proud of the progress we made during the year considering the significant headwinds that emerged in the second half. In spite of these challenges, we delivered record financial results that exceeded our expectations, reflecting our ability to leverage our core strengths in design, marketing and operations to elevate and extend all Polo Ralph Lauren brands. Innovation lies at the heart of our Company, and it is an essential part of our success over the last forty years. Even as a large organization, it is the spirit of entrepreneurship that keeps us nimble, allowing us to develop exciting products, retail formats and even entirely new brands on a global platform.

I believe our success is dependent on the strength of our product. During Fiscal 2008, we bolstered our luxury apparel offering by expanding our highly successful Black Label brand, providing more breadth of offering for both women's and men's sportswear. In fact, we recently opened our first men's Black Label shop-in-shop at Saks Fifth Avenue in New York City. The demand for our Black Label product is broad-based around the world and it is among our fastest growing merchandise categories. Toward the end of the year, we rolled out our revitalized Lauren and Ralph Lauren Collection footwear to select U.S. wholesale accounts. The feedback we received from buyers and customers alike was overwhelmingly positive, and we are excited about introducing the product to more points of sale worldwide throughout Fiscal 2009. Other merchandise highlights during the year include the creation of a dress division to support the Lauren, American Living and Chaps brands; assuming direct control of our small leathergoods products; and the successful integration of our denim offering into our various brands from a stand-alone business, allowing us to elevate the product and improve profitability.
 

 

 

 
 




Our biggest news on the merchan dise front was the launch of American Living at JCPenney. American Living has been a dream of mine for many years, one that required a high level of operational excellence and the right distribution partner to realizeit. American Living is the first bra nd developed byour Global Brand Concepts group and represents a major evolution of our channel diversification strategy. We successfully delivered all of the merchandise to support the 575store launch thal included more than 40 product categories such as men's, women's, children's, home and accessories. The launch was supported by extensive print and television media advertising campaigns we created to communicate the full lifestyle positioning of the brand. We will continue to introduce new American Living product categories over the next year. Longer-term, we believe there is an opportunity to introduce American Living in other partsof theworld.

Evolving our global presence in luxury accessories remains a strategic priority. In Fiscal 2008, we introduced exciting new eyewear collections for men and women with our global licensing partner, Luxottica. During Fiscal 2009, we plan to build out our in-house product development, design and supply chain capabilities for handbags, which follows the comp letion of the buyback of our license for men's and women's belts and other small leathergoods at the beginningof Fiscal 2008. Wea re also preparing for the launch ofRalph Lauren watches with our partner, Richemont, which is expected to occur in Spring 2009. We are very excited about the worldwide growth opportunities weenvision for our brands in the accessories arena, which still remains under-developed for us.

In addition to our products, our retail stores are a critical part of our brand expression. They are also an importan t pillar of our long-term growth strategy as we continue to develop our retail presence in the world's premier shopping locations. We opened 21 net new sto res during Fiscal 2008 and have plans to significantly evolve our directly operated store network over the next few years. We are currently working on several high profile store projects that will undoubtedly reset the bar for the in-store luxury shopping experience. In New York City, we began construction on a new 30,000 square foot store across from the Rh in ela nder mansion that will be dedicated to our womenswear and home products and is scheduled to open in Fall 2009. Once completed, the Rhinelander mansion will then become dedicated to showcasing the full range of our luxury menswear brands and products, which have expanded greatly over the years. In August 2008, we plan to open a 10,000 square foot store on Robertson Boulevard in Los Angeles, a locat ion tha t will offer a "downtown" complement to our existing Rodeo Drive location. In Fall 2008, we expect to open an 8,000 square foot store dedicated to our women's Collection and Black Label merchan dise on Avenue Montaigne in Paris - one of the world's preeminent luxury shopping destinations - which will be followed by a second Paris location, a 20,000 square foot flagship store that is scheduled to open in Spring 2009. The larger Paris store will be located on Boulevard Saint-Germain and will showcase the full World of Ralph Lauren.

We continue to evolve RalphLauren.com - our largest and amongour fastest growing "stores" - to be the premier online destination for our customers to experience the World of Ralph Lauren. Key RalphLauren.com highlights during Fiscal 2008 include the launch ofvideo style guides, the introduction of men's Black Label apparel, and the opening of a dedicated customer service and fulfillment center. Rugby also launched an information-onlywebsite during the year, and we look forward to introducing e-commerce for Rugby during Fiscal 2009.
 
'
Another of our long-term goals is to diversify our geographic revenue mix. I am incredibly energized by and excited about our Company's global growth prospects. Today, the United States represents approximately 65% of our worldwide wholesale net sales, with Europe accounting for about 17% and Asia and the rest of the world representing the remaining 18%. Ultimately, we would like to have the United States, Europe and Asia each representing approximately one-third of our revenues.

We made a major step forward with this initiative at the beginning of Fiscal 2008 when we acquired our Japanese men's, women's and jeans apparel and accessories licensee, and the remaining 50% interest in our Japanese Master Licensee. We have already made great strides with integrating our newly acquired Japanese businesses. On the management front, we announced the appointment of a local President for the region and we recently hired key finance, human resources and supply chain leaders. Our transition team that has been on the ground since January has made significant progress across many dimensions. With respect to merchandising and the merchandise planning process, we are actively testing product that is more reflective of how we intend to position the brand over the long term. In February, weopened a new men's shop at Umeda Hankyu in Osaka, oneof Japan's finest department store locations, that includes the introduction of Black Label and Purple Label, the first time these brands are being offered in a Japanese department store. In March, we began operating out of one distribution center compared to the prior three locations, which has resulted in lower costs and greater efficiency. The work we intend to do in Japan is a multi-year effort. I am confident the Japanese consumer will respond favorably to our efforts to bring the Ralph Lauren brand more in line with the luxurystatus we enjoy in the rest of the world. Our goal is to see the Japanese business flourish in the same way our European business has since we took direct control of itseveral years ago.

Speaking of Europe, the momentum in our business there has been spectacular. Needless to say, we are excited about our future prospects in this region of the world. The two new Paris stores I mentioned earlier are expected to increase our profile in that important European market significantly.The performance of our Moscow stores, which are managed by a licensee, has been outstanding as local customers have really responded to our luxury apparel and accessories products . We expect to open a store in Istanbul, Turkey- an emerging Eastern European luxury market - through a licensee partner in Fall 2008.

Our financial position remains strong and we expect to continue to invest in our core strategic initiatives throughout Fiscal 2009. Of course, there will be a heightened focus on discretionary spending in the face of an uncertain consumer environment. We haveconsistently demonstrated our discipline to deliveron our investments and our track record is strong: over the past five years, we have invested $1.9 billion back into the Company to support our acquisitions, retail expansion, wholesale shop-in-shops and  to  upgrade  our infrastructure. Over the same time period, we have grown both our revenues and earnings at double-digit compounded annual rates. We further underscored our commitment to shareholders by repurchasing $476 milJjon ofClass A Common Stock during Fiscal 2008.
 














.I
-tf
)
J
1
 

 

 
 




If there is one thing I have learned over the years - and I hope you have come to appreciate as a shareholder - it is that not all brands are created equal. While our portfolio of brands is highly targeted in terms of merchandise, price points and distribution channels - ranging from the pinnacle of luxury with Ralph Lauren Collection and Purple Label to the American Living and Chaps brands in our Global Brand Concepts group - the brands share many things in common. First and foremost, we offer unparalleled luxury to all of our customers, regardless of how or where they buy our products around the world. At the core is an interpretation of the timeless appeal and elegance that characterizes all Ralph Lauren products. Flawless execution is another attribute that defines all ofour merchandise. We are honored that the U.S. Olympic Committee recognizes these characteristics in our Company, and that we will be outfitting the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic teams for the opening and closing ceremonies and with village wear for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in Beijing, China.

We underscored our commitment to the communities in which we operate through a number of volunteer, fundraising and other philanthropic activities during the year. Reflecting our growing worldwide presence, our Pink Pony initiatives went global this year thanks to the participation of our employees based in Geneva, Hong Kong, and Japan, who joined our New York, New Jersey, North CaroUna and West Virginia-based employees to promote cancer care and prevention. Our long-ter m support of the Ralph Lauren Center for Cancer Care and Prevention in Harlem helped the Center achieve a major milestone with the opening of new, state-of-the-art endoscopy wing. Our Adopt-a-School program that began one year ago continues to thrive. Employee volunteers also strengthened their commitment to Habitat for Humanity, working on Habitat-New York City's largest and greenest multi-family complex ever built, designed in accordance with LEED standards.

Our business has endured through good times and bad, something I attribute to our singularity of purpose and vision, our dedication to superior quaUty and design, to a deep understanding of our customer and to our consistent investment in advertising and brand messaging. We are a performance-driven culture that has always set the standard of excellence for our industry, and I expect we will continue to do so. As I have communicated before, I believeour management team is the best in the business. It is becauseof the team wehave in place that I am confident we will manage our business appropriately in a slower-growth environment. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank all of our 15,000 employees, as well as our Board of Directors, for working hard to support the success of our Company.

As we enter our new fiscal year amidst tremendous macroeconomic uncertainty, I remain proud of our heritage and excited about the future. I am confident in the relevance ofour strategy, the strength ofour brand portfolio, the dedication of our talented team and our ability to continue to deliver strong, profitable growth  over the long term.
