    2
Dear Shareowners,
I am pleased to report that fiscal 2005 was another outstanding year for Rockwell Automation – one marked by increasing evidence that we have the people, financial resources and strategic focus to deliver sustained value to our shareowners.
Our financial performance tells the story:
• Revenues were $5 billion, up 11 percent (excluding the benefit of currency translation);
• Segment operating margin improved 4.0 points at Control Systems and 3.5 points at Power Systems;
• Earnings per share from continuing operations was $2.77, up 50 percent;
• Free cash flow was $514.8 million, or 99 percent of income from continuing operations, reflecting high-quality earnings and our continued focus on capital spending discipline; and
• Return on Invested Capital was 18.5 percent.*
These results validate the growth and performance strategy we launched several years ago to transform Rockwell Automation into a global technology leader. Today we are well-positioned to meet customer business needs, to capitalize on the current industrial recovery, and to generate profitable growth throughout the economic cycle.
*For a complete definition and calculation of ROIC, please see the supplemental page following the Form 10-K.
   
 Fiscal 2005 was another outstanding year for Rockwell Automation – one marked by increasing evidence that we have the people, financial resources and strategic focus to deliver sustained value to our shareowners.
Keith D. Nosbusch
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    
     4
There are two fundamental actions driving our transformation. First, we are committed to generating sustainable, above-market revenue growth through disciplined investment in organic growth initiatives. Second, we are funding these investments with our relentless focus on cost productivity. I am happy to report that today, this is a proven business model and way of life for us.
Our priority now, quite simply, is continued execution.
In 2005, we accelerated our investment in high-return growth opportunities to enhance our technology leadership, expand and diversify our served markets, and deepen our customer relationships.
Establishing Our Technology Leadership
Our company’s success is anchored in the most innovative, competitive and comprehensive product and service portfolio in the automation industry. It consists principally of the Logix control and information platform, power control and conversion solutions, and value-added services.
Our unique integrated architecture is revolutionizing manufacturing. It enables manufacturers to integrate multiple-control disciplines on a single platform. It also allows customers to collect and use plant floor data to enhance manufacturing operations and supply chain processes, and to make more effective real-time business decisions.
   
  Our company’s success is anchored in the most innovative, competitive and comprehensive product and service portfolio in the automation industry.
Working collaboratively with our customers, we continue to invest in new features and capabilities that enhance and extend the functionality of the Logix platform. These investments include simplification of the platform to accommodate the unique needs of smaller manufacturers and machine builders, integrated safety to capture heightened demand for machine safety, and industry-specific applications to penetrate the process and plant-wide information markets.
The significant investments we have made in Logix over the past decade are delivering outstanding returns. In 2005, Logix sales were up 26 percent to $433 million, and we expect that the Logix installed base will be more than $3 billion by 2008. When it comes to the Logix platform, I’m confident that the best is yet to come.
Our power control and conversion businesses – drives, industrial components, packaged solutions, systems, mechanical power transmission and motors – are also essential to expanding our customers’ success. These businesses continued to introduce innovative and differentiated products, securing our place as a world-class provider for customers in industries such as oil and gas, mining, metals, and water/wastewater – where the goals are improved performance and energy efficiency.
Finally, our steady investment in a growing portfolio of value-added services and solutions delivery capabilities has strengthened our market presence. It allows us to help our customers optimize manufacturing, improve plant uptime and reduce time to market.
5
   
  6
We work hard to understand the business needs of our customers, develop solutions that respond to those needs, and deliver meaningful benefits and value.
Expanding and Diversifying Our Served Markets
While our investment in enhancing our technology leadership adds to our capabilities, our vertical industry and globalization initiatives give us access to a larger, more diverse set of potential customers.
We are investing in developing in-depth, industry-specific application expertise to better anticipate and address our customers’ unique manufacturing problems and business needs. As a result, we are closer to our customers’ core value-added processes and are better able to apply our innovation to differentiate their products and improve their competitiveness.
During 2005, we created industry-specific domain expertise staffed with dedicated sales resources, and developed targeted applications to solve problems unique to these industries. We are developing this expertise across many industries, with a focus on the food, beverage and brewing, consumer goods, automotive, and life sciences industries.
Our investment in global market expansion has also yielded tangible results. Revenues outside the U.S. now exceed 38 percent of our total sales. During 2005, we experienced strong revenue growth in the Asia Pacific and Latin American regions, with 16 and 27 percent increases, respectively (excluding currency translation). Revenues in Europe were flat in a difficult economic environment. We are investing in, and deploying new customer-facing resources throughout Europe to grow market share by emphasizing the benefits of our integrated control and information architecture.
   
    Our expanding presence in key developing markets, including China, India, Latin America and Central and Eastern Europe, is important to our growth. Our sales in China, which is the second largest market for Logix, grew 25 percent to approximately $145 million. We also experienced rapid growth in Mexico and Brazil, particularly on large projects in resource-based industries. Finally, our investment in infrastructure, sales resources and market access capabilities
in Central and Eastern Europe resulted in 37 percent sales growth.
Looking forward, we expect to derive 50 percent of our revenues from sales outside the United States by 2009. We are committed to the continued globalization of our business model and diversification of our customer base. Our shareowners should benefit from the revenue diversification that comes with global business operations.
Deepening Our Customer Relationships
We are passionate about customer success. Rockwell Automation continues to emphasize its customer-centric focus that increasingly positions us as a trusted partner. To achieve this, we work hard to understand the business needs of our customers, develop solutions that respond to those needs, and deliver meaningful benefits and value. We deliver value by helping customers achieve faster time to market, lower total cost of ownership, better asset management, and reduced manufacturing business risks. Our value proposition has remained the same: to help our customers be more productive and globally competitive.
7
   
      8
Funding Growth with Productivity
As we pursue growth opportunities and expand served markets, Rockwell Automation is maintaining its focus on performance improvement. We continually emphasize productivity and cost-management initiatives, with a particular focus on Lean Enterprise, Six Sigma processes, and developing performance-driven skills in employees around the world.
We are driving this continuous improvement throughout the company. Our annual cost productivity goal has increased to 3-4 percent, a critical objective for two reasons. First, it is important that we fund growth and redeploy resources without adding expense. Second, we understand the challenges of customer expectations and competitive pressures. Our customers continuously raise the bar, and our competitors are not standing still. We must respond by offering the highest quality products, services and solutions with the best value, and we must never become complacent.
Focus on Corporate Best Practices
As we work to build and deliver shareowner value, we are equally focused on best practices in the critical areas of corporate governance, ethics and social responsibility. Under the leadership of our Board of Directors, we continue
to make sound corporate governance a priority. That commitment is reflected in the leadership scores we have received from corporate governance rating agencies. Our corporate culture has always been one of integrity and forthrightness, and we have further demonstrated this with the appointment of a compliance leader whose job is to act as a central point of review and supervision for our business conduct. Finally, we continue our vigilance in fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce, maintaining a safe workplace, and respecting the environment.
  
  Rockwell Automation’s intellectual assets – represented by our highly skilled, experienced and talented workforce – will continue to be an invaluable competitive advantage.
Outlook
In conclusion, our growth prospects remain excellent. We continue to enjoy a strong financial position with a very conservatively capitalized balance sheet, significant operating leverage, and outstanding cash flow. We will build on our strengths and prudently deploy financial resources to accelerate growth and optimize long-term returns to shareowners. Perhaps most important, Rockwell Automation’s intellectual assets – represented by our highly skilled, experienced and talented workforce – will continue to be an invaluable competitive advan- tage. Our employees drive this organization’s pursuit of excellence at all levels, and that attribute will continue to be a key differentiator.
I am pleased to be able to report in this letter – my first as your Chairman and CEO – that Rockwell Automation is executing on its balanced strategy of growth and performance. We have solid momentum entering 2006, and we are carefully deploying and allocating the resources necessary to position us for continued success in an ever-changing global marketplace. To our employees around the world, you continue to be key drivers in this success, and I want to acknowledge and thank you for your hard work and dedication. We have significantly more work to accomplish and will be relentless in doing so. To our investors and business partners, I look forward to updating you on our new initiatives, and would like to express our thanks for your continuing support.
Keith D. Nosbusch
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
9
      