To Our Shareowners:
I am pleased to report that fiscal 2007 was another excellent year for Rockwell Automation. Our businesses executed extremely well and delivered the results we expect from our powerful business model. We believe this performance reflects the long-term potential of our company and, again, validated our growth and performance strategy. Fiscal 2007 also witnessed a very big "stairstep" in the

Keith D. Nosbusch
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

transformation of Rockwell Automation. With the sale of Power Systems, we further accelerated our shift from a U.S.-based hardware company to a more global technologydriven enterprise focused on integrated architecture, control products and automation solutions and services. We also continued to evolve our business model to focus on ever-higher levels of differentiation through technology leadership and innovation.

AT A GLANCE
Annual Sales: $5 billion Global Headquarters: Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA Trading Symbol: NYSE: ROK Employees: About 20,000 Serving customers in more than 80 countries.

When we sold Power Systems, we introduced two new reporting segments: Architecture & Software and Control Products & Solutions. The Architecture & Software segment contains all the elements of our integrated control and information architecture capable of connecting customers' entire manufacturing enterprise. The Control Products & Solutions segment combines a comprehensive portfolio of intelligent motor control and industrial control products with the customer support and application knowledge necessary to implement an automation or information solution. The bottom line is that Rockwell Automation is the largest "pure play" industrial automation company in the world and becoming an increasingly intellectual capital business. Today, the vast majority of our value is based on people, technology, domain expertise and what we know, not just what we make. Critical to our future is the business model that has allowed us to consistently

generate cash, reinvest that cash into organic growth opportunities and acquisitions, and return excess cash to shareowners through dividends and share buybacks. Our dedicated, innovative employees remain intensely focused on delivering both significant bottom-line business benefits to our customers and long-term value to our shareowners.

· Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $3.70, up 29 percent;1 · Free cash flow from continuing operations was $531 million, or approximately 93 percent of income from continuing operations, reflecting high quality earnings; · Return on invested capital improved 2 points to more than 24 percent.2 How did we do it? Our entire organization was focused on driving organic growth. With a business model that makes maximizing organic revenue growth our most potent value creation option,

2007 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Our very strong 2007 financial performance reflects this customer and shareowner focus: · Revenues were $5 billion, up 10 percent; · Segment operating margins improved to almost 20 percent;

our goal is to generate sustainable, above market revenue growth.

EXPANDING OUR SERVED MARKET ENHANCING MARKET ACCESS REGIONAL EXPANSION AND GLOBALIZATION

3

LONG-TERM GROWTH AND PERFORMANCE STRATEGY

CATALYTIC ACQUISITIONS MATURING PRODUCTIVITY CULTURE FOCUSING ON CORPORATE BEST PRACTICES/RESPONSIBILITY INCREASING INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL BUSINESS

"We continued to enhance our market access and diversify our revenue base through broader services and solutions capabilities, driving more growth from both consumer and resource-based industries and from a global OEM machine builder focus."

In 2007, we accelerated our efforts to diversify our revenue base and continued to expand our go-to-market approaches designed to support our growth initiatives. We expanded our served markets, enhanced market access and strengthened our market presence outside North America. We also took a more aggressive posture on acquisitions.
4

EXPANDING OUR SERVED MARKET
We continued to grow our served markets by expanding our successful Logix control platform, and investing in growth initiatives such as process control, safety and manufacturing information software. Increasingly, our customers are looking to connect the plant floor to the enterprise and external supply

At the same time, we continued to execute on our three to four percent annual cost productivity initiatives. Our maturing productivity culture continued to generate savings that we used to fund growth initiatives. We also continued to increase our return on invested capital.

chain for optimal production efficiencies. The Logix architecture effectively links the plant floor to the rest of the enterprise by combining world-leading integrated control with contemporary software and open standard Ethernet networks.

Further expansion into the process control and manufacturing information markets was accomplished through internal developments, strategic partnerships and acquisitions. These investments strengthened our market position, allowing us to win business at key customers in the food, beverage, life sciences and oil and gas industries. DuPont's qualification of Rockwell Automation as an approved vendor for process control solutions was a major achievement that validated our strategy. Today, process is our largest growth initiative, with sales exceeding $400 million. The Logix architecture also positions us for growth in the evolving manufacturing information software market. Our FactoryTalk® integrated production and performance software suite allows our customers to seamlessly integrate plant floor information with their business systems and supply chains to increase productivity and enable real-time business decisions. We believe this emerging market holds great promise for us.

and solutions capabilities, driving more growth from both consumer and resource-based industries and from a global OEM machine builder focus. This go-to-market diversification is the second key strategy driving organic revenue growth. It allows us to differentiate our product portfolio, achieve greater customer intimacy at current accounts, and enter new accounts. More importantly, we deliver value by helping our customers achieve faster time to market, lower total cost of ownership, improve asset utilization and reduce manufacturing business risks. Our services and solutions sales grew approximately 14 percent compared to a year ago. Additionally, we continued to invest in developing industry specific applications and domain expertise to better anticipate and address the manufacturing problems and business needs of our customers. We are developing this expertise across many industries with a focus on food, beverage, automotive, life sciences, consumer goods and oil and gas
5

ENHANCING MARKET ACCESS
We continued to enhance our market access and diversify our revenue base through broader services

markets. Our investments in vertical industries are gaining traction with life sciences growing more than 30 percent in fiscal 2007.

Closely aligned with our vertical strategy is an expanded focus on serving OEM machine builders in the process, manufacturing assembly, packaging, converting print/web and material handling industry segments. Our OEM customers are under extreme cost pressure and need to reduce the time it takes to introduce new machines. We are capitalizing on the scalability of the Logix technology and integrating that with motion, safety and services to meet the unique needs of OEMs and help customers enhance their machine performance and increase their bottom lines. We have segmented the OEM market along applications and aligned our selling resources. This disciplined focus resulted in 20 percent growth from our more than 1,000 targeted accounts in fiscal 2007.
6

than 46 percent of our total sales moving us closer to our 50 percent goal. Organic revenues in our European region grew 14 percent3, the fastest pace since 2000. We benefited from continued investment in new selling resources, intensified focus on selling Logix and our ability to increase adoption of our platforms at OEMs. We also expanded our presence in the fast growing Eastern European and Russian markets. Our growth in other emerging markets also gained traction. Organic revenues in Latin America, paced by strong customer demand in Mexico and Brazil, grew 19 percent3 to $323 million. We benefited primarily from increased project activity in resourcebased industries. India and China led our growth in Asia, growing at 21 percent3 and 11 percent3

REGIONAL EXPANSION AND GLOBALIZATION
During 2007, we continued to expand our presence in all regions and captured key growth opportunities in Europe, Latin America and other markets. Revenues outside the U.S. totaled more

respectively. While we saw some deceleration in our rate of growth overall in Asia, we continued to invest in new products, local manufacturing, logistics, channel development, service capabilities and general management acumen. Our objective is to position the business for long-term success and greater shares of these fast-growing markets.

"During 2007, we continued to expand our presence in all regions and captured key growth opportunities in Europe, Latin America and other markets."

In 2007, we also advanced to the next stage of globalizing our business model. This extends far beyond sales and support activities and includes local business management, regional development resources and infrastructure, all with the intention to bring us closer to our customers. In 2007, we expanded our Asian business center in Singapore to have global product line management for small logic controllers and other key products. We also opened a new business center in Katowice, Poland where we hired approximately 400 people for business administration, marketing, product and software development, as well as the manufacture of motor control centers and medium voltage drives. Similarly, we located one of our components businesses in Shanghai, China. This facility will

also provide application engineering of motor control centers and engineered systems. Going forward, we are committed to further globalizing our business model and diversifying our customer base. We will reconfigure our global operations footprint to support productivity and supply chain simplification, realize growth initiatives in emerging markets and improve our ability to meet customers' expectations. Our shareowners will benefit from the revenue diversification that comes with these actions.
7

CATALYTIC ACQUISITIONS
We also took a more aggressive posture on acquisitions to act as a catalyst for additional growth.

"Continuous improvement is now ingrained in all aspects of our business and has become an important part of our culture. This company-wide approach provides significant operating leverage and additional resources to reinvest in growth."

We adopted a new process to identify and prioritize a broader universe of potential acquisition candidates that will complement and accelerate our organic growth initiatives. We recently made strategic acquisitions that filled important gaps in our technology and expanded
8

our position as a leading solutions delivery company in the growing life sciences industry.

MATURING PRODUCTIVITY CULTURE
We remain committed to building a more valuable enterprise and to driving growth and productivity simultaneously. We benefited from a disciplined productivity mind-set, and drove four percent cost productivity last year. Continuous improvement is now ingrained in all aspects of our business and has become an important part of our culture. This company-wide approach provides significant operating leverage and additional resources to reinvest in growth.

our ability to deliver solutions to our customers globally. Our acquisition of ICS Triplex provided us with critical control and safety solutions for the process industries. With 40 years of experience, ICS Triplex develops, delivers and maintains advanced products and high availability, fault-tolerant solutions for applications in the oil and gas, chemical and power generation industries. We acquired ProsCon Holdings Limited to solidify

Our on-going target is three to four percent annual cost productivity. At the same time, we will further transform to an organization that thrives on efficient end-to-end business processes. We will leverage common, best-in-class tools and practices across the company. All of this, combined with our emerging global manufacturing footprint, reflects our commitment to improve our customers' experience in all aspects of our business.

far beyond the traditional notion that ethics and compliance are merely about reducing risks: · Stronger customer relationships as we work together to make their factories safer, more energy efficient and more environmentally responsible. · Committed, engaged employees who are proud to work at Rockwell Automation. · More sustainable returns for shareowners. I hope you will review our corporate responsibility reports on our website. These reports explain what we are doing and provide metrics on the effectiveness of those efforts.

FOCUSING ON CORPORATE BEST PRACTICES/RESPONSIBILITY
We live and work in a transparent world, where stakeholders expect our company and all of our employees to conduct ourselves ethically and to live up to our corporate responsibilities. We strive to live up to that expectation in everything we do. Indeed, we believe that there is a competitive advantage in our culture of integrity, our emphasis on compliance, and our embrace of social responsibilities. We see multiple business benefits from this culture of doing what is right, which go

9

OUTLOOK
We are pleased with the results we delivered and the shareowner value we generated during 2007, while continuing to transform our company. We invested in new technologies and continued to expand our footprint beyond discrete control, evolving into the process control and manufacturing information markets. We continued to invest in new geographies and market access with sales outside the U.S. reaching more than 46 percent. We continued to invest in globalizing our business model and re-constituting our manufacturing footprint in order to put our resources closer to our customers. Finally, we made strategic acquisitions, providing access to new technologies, capabilities and people. I am extremely proud of the efforts of our leadership
10

global presence have created more worldwide opportunities for growth than ever before. As we look into 2008 and beyond, our strategy is to ensure that existing and planned growth investments are aimed directly at driving long-term, sustainable growth. We remain intensely focused on executing our growth and productivity initiatives and are committed to accelerating top-line growth while maintaining best-in-class returns. As we begin a new year, we are excited by the opportunities ahead to realize our tremendous potential as a company. On behalf of Rockwell Automation, I thank you for your ongoing support, and I look forward to the future with great optimism.

team and employees in delivering these results. Our company is in a strong financial position with significant operating leverage and outstanding cash flow. I believe our investments in technology leadership, expanded served markets and stronger Keith D. Nosbusch Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Sincerely,

1

Excludes 2007 special charges of $27.7 million after-tax or $0.17 per share and a 2006 gain on sale of investment of $12.0 million after-tax or $0.07 per share. For a complete definition and calculation of Return on Invested Capital, a non-GAAP financial measure, please see the supplemental section following the Form 10-K. Organic revenues exclude the effect of changes in currency exchange rates and acquisitions. See Supplemental Sales Information in Form 10-K for information on this non-GAAP financial measure.

2

3

