   2011
Chairman’s Letter
Investing in the Future of Manufacturing
To Our Shareowners:
Fiscal 2011 was a second year of robust recovery. We achieved 20 percent organic growth in 2011, reaching $6 billion in sales, $4.79 in earnings per share from continuing operations and 32 percent return on invested capital – all surpassing pre-recession highs1. This outstanding performance is confirmation that we have the right strategy, talented people and the financial strength to deliver sustained shareowner value. We thank our customers, employees and partners for another great year.
Historically, the automation market has grown faster than global
Gross Domestic Product (GDP). We expect this to continue to be the case in mature markets because manufacturers need to drive productivity and manufacturing flexibility, to address safety and sustainability needs, and to replace an aging installed base. According to industry research, unscheduled downtime from aging process automation systems costs approximately $20 billion annually, or about 5 percent in annual lost production. Process automation – including replacement of aging systems – continues to be our largest growth opportunity.
In emerging markets, where we expect to see the highest growth rates, the case for automation is even more compelling. There is still a need for infrastructure investment such as metro systems, cement and steel plants, and water/wastewater treatment facilities. Oil and gas and mining investments also remain healthy and are critical to the economic development of many emerging markets. Plus, wage inflation is a natural tailwind for additional automation investments.
Equally important, according to a McKinsey report on global forces, the global middle class will double to be roughly 40 percent of the world’s population and will generate $8 trillion in consumer spending power by the end of the decade. This will accelerate demand for cars,
3
 
  Process automation continues to be our largest growth opportunity

 packaged foods, and personal care products in places like China, India and Latin America. Our industrial automation and information solutions are ideally suited to support the related growth in consumer products manufacturing.
The time I spend with customers reinforces my confidence that we are extremely well positioned to capitalize on
these trends. Our relentless focus on developing innovative solutions to our customers’ business needs enables us to constantly expand the opportunities available to us. Across
a wide range of industries, we provide a broad continuum
of innovative products, and our global team of thousands of engineers provide solutions and services ranging from OEM machine builder support to plant-wide optimization. Our customers look to us for our innovative designs, deep domain expertise and thought leadership.
An intellectual capital business is only as strong as its people. Our dedicated employees – their ideas and ability to implement those ideas to benefit our customers – are one of our strongest differentiators. We are working diligently
to create a globally diverse culture that enables all of our employees to do their best work – in an environment that supports innovation, customer advocacy, inclusion and engagement. We are committed to building strong and capable leaders and developing our exceptionally
talented workforce.
People and intellectual capital are the foundations of our success, enabling us to create significant value for our stakeholders. All of this reinforces our goal to become a more globally diverse, highly effective organization that leverages our unique differences to better drive business results.
We are cautiously optimistic that the global economic recovery will continue, but it may be uneven. There
is considerable uncertainty in the macro-economic environment including sovereign debt concerns, continued high unemployment in mature economies,
Rockwell Automation employs over 21,000 people serving customers in more than 80 countries.
5

and the fact that we have not yet seen consumer demand rebound to the extent that would be normal at this point
in the business cycle. In this uncertain environment, we are staying focused on the things we can control – balancing
the company’s current financial performance with continued investments in longer-term growth initiatives and innovation – to ensure sustained growth and performance throughout the cycle.
Regardless of the macro-economic environment, our manufacturing customers will need to continue to do more with less – improve their costs, quality, speed and flexibility, and meet environmental, safety and other regulatory requirements. We help our customers address these difficult challenges every day. We are well positioned to make them more productive, to help them create a more sustainable world and to enable the next generation of 21st century smart manufacturing. These are all important business drivers for our customers and the keys to our future. With our broad market diversification, global geographic reach and unique technology differentiation, Rockwell Automation is one of the best “pure play” investments in the future
of manufacturing.
We have a strong balance sheet with very good cash flow generation. We’re an intellectual capital business with best- in-class returns. And we take a disciplined approach to cash deployment to fuel organic growth, fund acquisitions, and return excess free cash flow to our shareowners through dividends and share repurchases – which we did again in fiscal 2011.
Thank you for your support, and we look forward to continued success.
Keith D. Nosbusch Chairman & CEO
   6
 Our Mission:
Improve the standard of living for everyone by making the world more productive
and sustainable
 