  dear shareowners
During fiscal 2003, we saw clear validation of our balanced strategy of investing in sustainable growth while taking actions to maintain a globally competitive cost structure. Your Company’s strengthened global market positions have resulted in financial performance of which our entire team is proud. Highlights include:
• Sales growth (excluding the benefit of currency translation) of 2 percent in relatively stagnant markets.
• Margin improvement of 1.3 points, with Control Systems, in particular, driving a 1.5 point margin increase.
• Segment operating earnings increase of 19 percent.
• Free cash flow of $327 million (8 percent of sales and 114 percent of net income), reflecting high quality earnings and continued focus
on asset utilization.
These results are a reflection of a leaner, more efficient global enterprise poised to expand in existing markets—and enter new ones.
logix: foundation for growth
The Logix integrated control and information architecture remains the foundation of our strategy. It facilitates the integration of multiple control disciplines such as discrete, motion, process, drives and safety on a single platform. Logix thus helps our customers reduce costs, speed development and improve flexibility. In essence, Logix helps manufacturers be more competitive. And, in increasing numbers, our customers are realizing the benefits. Our Logix business grew 30 percent in fiscal 2003 to over $200 million.
o3

 logix helps
our
customers reduce costs, speed development
and
improve flexibility.
it grew 3o percent
in fiscal 2oo3
to
over $2oo million.
o4

  We have led the market in the integration of motion control into the control architecture. This capability allows Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) to achieve machinery improvements that provide a measurable value to their customers. We are winning new business from packaging, converting and material handling OEMs, particularly in Europe, with this capability. Revenues from OEM customers have grown to over 20 percent of our business.
The Logix architecture has enabled us to expand our discrete automation installed base by offering customers integrated solutions for batch manufacturing, process optimization and regulatory compliance. For the first time, manufacturers can adopt a single integrated control and information architecture for an entire plant. We generated revenue of nearly $90 million in these hybrid batch markets in fiscal 2003, with major wins in the pharmaceutical, food and beverage industries.
The Logix architecture is also the key enabler for our growth in the evolving manufacturing information solutions market. Logix allows our customers to integrate plant-floor data with their business systems and supply chains to increase productivity and make more effective real-time business decisions. Our manufacturing information business grew over 30 percent in fiscal 2003. This emerging market holds great promise for us.
global manufacturing solutions: optimizing operations
Global Manufacturing Solutions remains another pillar of our strategy. This business provides customers with a portfolio of software and services which help them optimize manufacturing, improve plant uptime and reduce time to market. In a difficult
o5

manufacturing environment, GMS sales grew 5 percent compared to a year ago. We formed two important types of strategic relationships in 2003. The first, with IBM, provides the global automotive manufacturing industry with collaborative technologies and services to allow seamless information flow through manufacturers’ enterprises. In the second, we are partnering with global brewing companies to supply a standardized set of solutions to improve their automation systems and decrease time to market.
power systems and firstpoint contact
Rockwell Automation Power Systems performed well, with profits up slightly despite difficult market conditions and lower sales. We have continued to drive our PowerLean program throughout the organization, resulting in productivity and cost improvements. Power Systems also continues to introduce new products to key markets. In addition, we are expanding assembly and repair operations in China and Mexico. These actions, combined with a robust service business, are positioning Power Systems for profitable growth.
Rockwell FirstPoint Contact maintained profitability in an extremely difficult telecom- munications market. This business continues to invest in its solutions portfolio, which includes intelligent routing, queue optimization and web powered tools for contact center agents. It also continues to improve the effectiveness of its channel model in delivering a wider range of solutions for its enterprise customers.
o6

 Our
global manufacturing solutions business provides
customers with a portfolio of
software and services which
help them
optimize manufacturing, improve plant uptime
and
reduce time to market.
o7

 the rockwell lean enterprise program targets
aggressive long term goals in
cost reduction, process time improvement
and
higher inventory utilization.
o8

  strategic business alliances and new initiatives
We worked hard to consummate several targeted business alliances and new
initiatives to support our growth strategies. Examples include:
• We acquired Interwave Technology, Inc.,
expanding our Manufacturing Information Solutions capability.
• We opened a center of excellence in Shenzhen, China to support OEM conversion applications.
• We formed a strategic alliance with Weidmüller Holding AG that enhances our position as a leader in providing IEC connection products.
• We enhanced our capabilities in the automotive powertrain market with the acquisition of software-based CNC technology from Power Automation GmbH in Germany.
continued productivity and lean cost structure
We continue to drive significant operating leverage through implementation of the Rockwell Lean Enterprise. This program targets aggressive long term goals in cost reduction, process time improvement and higher inventory utilization. In addition, we have established a major effort in component sourcing, product development and production capabilities in the Asia Pacific region to take advantage of cost reduction opportunities and the local expertise in electronics and software development. We have also expanded our low-cost production base in Mexico, the Dominican Republic and Eastern Europe.
o9

looking forward
Rockwell Automation’s growth prospects have never been better. With Logix as the foundation, we hold a powerful market position and are extremely well situated to benefit from a cyclical capital spending rebound and, more importantly, long-term factors driving global manufacturing. And we enjoy great financial strength, with significant operating leverage, outstanding cash flow and a strong balance sheet.
It is in this context of strength that the Board of Directors has initiated an orderly transition of leadership. Effective February 4, 2004 (the date of our annual meeting of shareowners), Keith D. Nosbusch, currently corporate Senior Vice President and President of Rockwell Automation Control Systems, will become the corporation's President and Chief Executive Officer. I will remain Chairman of the Board. Keith is a 29-year veteran of our company, and has an in-depth understanding of the global automation business. He is a strong leader who shares my priority of creating value for our customers and shareowners. We are fortunate to have such a talented executive to lead the next stage of the company's growth. I look forward to working closely with Keith as we move ahead.
I am extraordinarily proud of the hard work and accomplishments of our strong and dedicated team of people. We have weathered some tough times together; main- tained our integrity and our ethical foundation; and kept our sights trained solidly on our customers and our shareowners. We have adapted, innovated, re-engineered and re-focused. And we have emerged as an energized company, with a customer-driven focus and a bias for action.
To our fellow shareowners, we appreciate your ongoing support and will continue to focus our efforts on increasing the long-term value of your investment.
sincerely,
don h. davis chairman and ceo
 1o
