                  2012
CHaIRmaN’s lETTER
To Our Shareowners:
Again this year, Rockwell Automation achieved record sales and earnings, despite a continued challenging global macroeconomic environment. Sales reached nearly $6.3 billion, up 4 percent from 2011, despite a 3 point headwind from cur- rency translation with organic growth1 in all regions. Earnings per share from continuing operations were $5.13, a 7 percent increase compared to 2011. We also expanded operating margin by one full point while continuing to invest for growth. The company’s “best-in-class” after-tax return on invested capital remained above 30 percent. This performance continues our track record of providing superior long-term returns for shareowners, enabling the board of directors to increase the company’s dividend 11 percent and to authorize an additional $1 billion for share repurchases. We are grateful to our
customers, partners and employees for making these results possible.
We believe that Rockwell Automation remains a great investment.
To stay competitive in mature markets, manufacturers need to invest in automation to drive productivity and manufacturing flexibility, address regulatory, safety and sustainability needs, and to replace an aging installed base.
In emerging markets, the case for automation is even more compelling. Infrastucture investment will continue, and oil and gas and mining are critical to the economic development. Rising standards of living and a rapidly growing middle class increase the need for consumer products manufacturing. Wage inflation is also a natural tailwind for automation.
As a “pure play” automation company, Rockwell Automation benefits from these underlying growth forces in both mature and emerging markets. We operate in global markets that grow in excess of GDP.
  3

                   4
We believe that ethics must drive our business decisions every day.

                  Emerging economies now account for 22 percent of our global sales.
Our three platforms of Integrated Architecture, Intelligent Motor Control, and Solutions and Services provide a com- prehensive portfolio to serve both end users and OEM machine builders. We believe these platforms form the foundation for long- term sustainable growth. We estimate our addressed market at over $80 billion, which has grown significantly over the past decade,
primarily due to our expanding capabilities in process automation.
Our largest growth opportunity still comes from our highly successful process initiative that contributed nearly $900 million in sales in 2012, up about 20 percent from 2011. We continue to win strategic projects around the world in an increasingly diverse set of industries by leveraging our leading technology platform, industry domain expertise, and global
delivery capabilities.
Other diversification strategies continue to pay off as we intensify our focus on unmet customer needs. For example, by understanding the support needs of automation equipment through its lifecycle, our services organization has been winning an increasing number of contracts to extend the life of aging equipment and to help customers migrate to newer technology. This year we added network consulting and machine safety assessments and remediation to our broad range of services.
To support customers anywhere in the world they choose to invest, we also continue to expand customer-facing resources, our global manu- facturing footprint and technology development capabilities. Our world- wide PartnerNetworkTM framework helps us deliver the value-added potential of our solutions. To increase customer access to our growing portfolio, we developed more effective channels to market during the past year, especially in emerging countries. As a result of these and other actions, emerging economies now account for 22 percent of our global sales.
5

                  Our solid balance sheet and stable cash flow complement
our strong culture of integrity.
Our 22,000 talented employees provide another source of differentiation. Their leadership in executing our growth and performance strategy each day creates exceptional value for our customers. One of the backbones of our company is our commitment to integrity and corporate responsibility. We believe that ethics must drive our business decisions every day and will be one of the major contributing factors to our ability to deliver greater value for all our stakeholders – customers, partners, employees,
communities, and shareowners.
Our solid balance sheet and stable cash flow complement our strong culture of integrity. We maintain a disciplined cash deployment strategy that first funds organic growth and acquisitions. Two recent acquisitions, including one in China, strengthened the Control Products & Solutions segment. Our strong cash flow also enables us to consistently return cash to shareowners. During the past three years, the company returned more than $1.3 billion to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases. We also increased the quarterly dividend by over
60 percent in that same time frame.
Despite near-term uncertainty in the global economic outlook, we are confident in our strategy and our ability to execute. We remain focused on what we can control, seeking to ensure sustained growth and performance throughout the business cycle by balancing the company’s current financial performance with long-term investments in innovation and leadership.
Thank you for your ongoing support and trust.
Keith D. Nosbusch Chairman & CEO
   6
