To our Stockholders
We are very pleased with our exceptional performance in fiscal 2009. Strong execution of our value-focused strategies enabled us to deliver much better-than-planned revenues while achieving double digit operating profits as a percent of sales. These results reflect the resilience of our off-price business model and demonstrate that bargains are always in style!
Record Sales and Earnings
For the 52 weeks ended January 30, 2010, sales increased 11% to a record $7.2 billion, with same store sales up 6% on top of a 2% gain in the prior year. Dresses, Shoes and Home were our best performing merchandise categories in 2009, while the Mid-Atlantic and Southeast regions had the largest same store sales gains.
Net earnings for the year grew 45% to a record $442.8 million, up from $305.4 million in 2008. Earnings per share rose 52% to $3.54, on top of a 23% increase in 2008. Operating margin increased about 250 basis points to 10.1%. Key drivers of this significant improvement in profitability were much higher gross margin and increased leverage on operating expenses from the healthy gains in same store sales.
Strong Inventory Management Increases Profitability
As we ended 2009, average in-store inventories were down about 11% on top of a 14% decline in the prior year. We plan to further reduce in-store inventories in 2010, with average store levels targeted to be down in the mid-to-high-single digit percentage range compared to 2009.
Operating the business on lower inventory levels increases the percentage of fresh and exciting merchandise customers see when they shop our stores. By exceeding our sales targets with leaner inventories, we also realized significantly faster turns in 2009, which resulted in much fewer markdowns.
Looking ahead, we believe this ongoing focus on strict inventory management will continue to help us speed inventory turns and maximize merchandise gross margin.
Expansion Continues as Planned
We added 56 new stores in 2009, consisting of 52 Ross and four dd’s DISCOUNTS locations. We ended 2009 with 1,005 locations in 27 states and Guam. For 2010, we are planning total unit expansion of about 4% to 5%, with approximately 35 new Ross and 15 new dd’s DISCOUNTS stores.
Accelerating Growth at dd’s DISCOUNTS
Significant progress was made over the past year at dd’s DISCOUNTS, where sales and operating profits were also well ahead of our original expectations. In fact, the earnings
Earnings per share rose 52% to $3.54 on top of a 23% increase in 2008.
—2—

  impact, or drag, from dd’s was relatively neutral in 2009, compared to a 35 basis point drag in 2008.
This improvement was driven by a combination of higher average store volumes and much stronger gross margin performance. Like Ross, dd’s is benefiting from our ability to deliver a faster flow of fresh and exciting product to our stores while operating on lower inventory levels.
dd’s DISCOUNTS’ strong gains in sales and profitability also reflect that its value-focused merchandise offerings are resonating well with its target customers. Recent trends make us even more enthusiastic about dd’s DISCOUNTS’ long-term prospects and our plans to accelerate its expansion in 2010 and beyond.
Healthy Cash Flows Fund Growth and Enhance Stockholder Returns
Operating cash flow in 2009 continued to provide the necessary resources to fund new store growth and infrastructure improvements. We invested $158 million in capital including approximately $100 million to open new locations and renovate existing stores and about $58 million mainly for distribution infrastructure and information technology projects. We ended the year with $770 million in cash and short-term investments and $150 million in long-term debt.
We also continued to return cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase and dividend programs. In 2009, we repurchased 7.4 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $300 million, completing the two-year $600 million repurchase authorization we announced in early 2008.
In January 2010, our Board of Directors approved a new two-year $750 million stock repurchase program as well as a 45% increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $.16 per common share. These actions reflect our long-term commitment to enhancing stockholder returns and confidence in our ongoing ability to generate healthy amounts of excess cash.
Chain-wide Rollout of Micro-Merchandising
During 2009, we completed ahead of schedule the implementation of micro-merchandising tools across all merchandise categories in all Ross locations. The rollout went smoothly, and these new systems and processes are working as planned.
—3—

 Merchandise Model
30% Ladies
24% Home Accents, Bed and Bath
13% Men’s
13% Accessories, Lingerie, Fine Jewelry, Fragrances
11% Shoes 9% Children’s
9% 11%
13%
13%
24%
30%
Our micro-merchandising tools have been designed to help us more accurately plan, buy and allocate merchandise down to a local level. We believe this more detailed planning process will strengthen our ability to get the right merchandise to the right store at the right time. It is also expected to enhance sales and merchandise gross margin performance over the long term in both new and existing markets.
Resilient and Flexible Off-Price Business Model
Consumers responded to the challenging economic environment in 2009 by looking for more ways to save money. We were able to capitalize on our favorable position as a value retailer because of dedicated associates throughout all areas of our business who executed our off-price strategies with unwavering focus and discipline.
By consistently stocking our stores with great bargains, operating our business on lower inventories to drive faster turns with fewer markdowns, and by strictly controlling our expenses, we were able to deliver record sales and earnings in one of the most challenging economic and retail climates.
Looking ahead, we know that offering our customers the best values possible on a wide array of bargains is, and always will be, the key to our success. We continue to invest in our merchandise organization to help ensure that we have ongoing access to plenty of quality name brand goods to enable us to grow profitably in the future. This allows us to have hundreds of Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS merchants in the market daily, sourcing product from thousands of vendors.
Significant Opportunities for Growth
Today, we operate over 1,000 Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS locations combined in just 27 states, giving us significant room for future growth. Our planned unit growth of 4% to 5% in 2010 is projected to accelerate to about 7% in 2011, when we expect to enter new geographic markets for both chains. Plenty of expansion opportunity exists
Our planned unit growth of 4% to 5% in 2010 is projected to accelerate to about 7% in 2011, when we expect to enter new geographic markets.
—4—

 over the long term, as we believe that Ross ultimately can have as many as 1,500 locations and that dd’s DISCOUNTS can grow to approximately 500 stores. That would represent a doubling of our store base from current levels — an exciting prospect.
Our past results demonstrate that we can deliver solid sales and earnings gains in both healthy and challenging economic cycles, along with exceptional cash flow and very strong returns on equity and assets. While our 2009 operating margin is close to historical records, we believe that current levels of profitability are not only sustainable, but have the potential for incremental improvement.
As a result, for the longer term we continue to project annual earnings-per-share growth of 10% to 15%. This projection is based on our forecasts for store growth, comparable store sales gains, flat to slight improvement in operating margin and excess cash flow that can be used to fund our dividend and stock repurchase programs.
In closing, we extend our appreciation to all of our customers, business partners and stockholders for their continued support. We especially want to acknowledge and thank our more than 45,000 Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS associates who remain the primary drivers of our past, present and future success.
Sincerely,
Michael Balmuth Norman A. Ferber
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
  —5—
