Dear Fellow Shareholders
During 2005 we continued to transform our business, and our industry, as we expanded our unmatched ability to create global solutions for our customers, and to serve them across borders and across the printing and related services supply chains.
We began 2005 less than a year after RR Donnelley’s acquisition of Moore Wallace, a company that itself was the result of a combination completed less than a year before that. Our employees worked quickly to integrate processes, to achieve lasting cost reductions, and to expand customer relationships by cross-selling products and services. Customers embraced the benefits of
RR Donnelley’s offering, ranging from digital photography and other premedia services, to classic and digital printing, to comprehensive logistics capabilities, to business
process outsourcing. As a result we achieved our strategic, operational, and financial objectives.
RR Donnelley completed 2005 with non-GAAP earnings per share up 39% from the prior year. Revenues were up 17.8% from 2004, with pro forma organic revenue growth of 5.5%. Nearly a billion dollars in cash from continuing operations enabled RR Donnelley to fund dividends, share repurchases, capital expenditures, and other initiatives. Our strong balance sheet and liquidity position help to assure that RR Donnelley is in excellent financial condition.
As we entered 2005, one of our main goals was to make targeted acquisitions that would drive top and bottom line growth and enhance our product, service, and geographic offerings. During the year we achieved those objectives
by concluding six strategic and tuck-in acquisitions on three continents.
GLOBAL SOLUTIONS ENHANCE CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS
In 2005 we combined two acquisitions in the United States with nearly $470 million in global capital investments to redesign our manufacturing platform to respond to the fastest-growing opportunities in each of our segments.
The additions of Spencer Press, a respected catalog and direct marketing printer located in Wells, Maine, and of a retail inserts and direct marketing facility in Charlestown, Indiana, expanded our ability to serve customers’ needs
for regional and national publications and programs.
An increasing number of marquee publishing customers rewarded our added flexibility with multi-year contracts pursuant to which we will produce 100% of their titles. These multi-year agreements provide a recurring and pre- dictable base of business which will enable us to optimize
our production schedules and processes. Almost all of these customers who entrust their printing to RR Donnelley also draw on our comprehensive premedia and logistics capabilities. This facility for providing end-to-end solutions that include significant service components strengthens our ability to win and retain these exclusive agreements.
In many cases, our premedia services are delivered through on-site facilities management teams that report to work each day at our customers’ locations. For example, many of our on-site teams enable customers to outsource to
RR Donnelley the processes for storing, organizing and retrieving the digital pictures and other design elements that are used to compose printed pages. The savings that these outsourcing programs deliver differentiate RR Donnelley from commodity printers.
Similarly, our logistics expertise, scale, and reach enable us to help our customers minimize their postal expenditures and achieve the precise delivery dates that are so crucial to advertisers and marketers. Technology-driven programs such as co-mailing allow us to sort many different titles together to maximize the number of publications going to each carrier-route, thereby providing customers with the deepest postal discounts available. These innovative end- to-end solutions create lasting relationships with customers that open the door to increased cross-selling opportunities.
GLOBAL SOLUTIONS CREATE COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE IN FAST-GROWING SEGMENTS
With the acquisitions of Poligrafia, a long-run magazine and catalog producer based in Poland, and of Asia Printers Group, with a book manufacturing location in China and financial printing capabilities in Hong Kong, we strengthened our potent presences in Europe and Asia.
Our Asia platform is positioned to serve fast-growing segments in China and the Pacific Rim, and also creates distinct competitive advantage for us in Europe and North America. We produce for export from China books and other products of outstanding quality that enjoy a significant cost advantage. Our China facilities are superbly equipped and perform to RR Donnelley’s exacting standards. For example, during 2005 our facility in Shenzhen achieved
a remarkable safety milestone: nine million person-hours without a lost-time accident. In conjunction with our
North American production resources, we are able to offer solutions that help our customers achieve the best mix
of cycle time and cost advantages. We expect further to enhance our China platform in due course.
More than half of the printing that we produce in Poland also is destined for export, to as many as 30 countries, as we support international customers with pan-European programs. For example, we produce one leading magazine for European audiences in 14 languages, and a popular European consumer catalog in 19 languages.
2

Our worldwide platform also creates scale advantages in procurement and technology deployment that benefit each of our operations. As virtually all of the processes associated with preparing and producing printing become digital,
our global platform enables an around-the-clock resource that will further compress cycle times. For our customers, every day and every hour that we shave from production schedules provide opportunities to enhance communications, cash flow, and responsiveness.
GLOBAL SOLUTIONS IN BUSINESS PROCESS OUTSOURCING
Our acquisition of UK-based The Astron Group dramatically increased our international presence in the fast-growing business process outsourcing segment. Astron, now an
RR Donnelley company, is a leading provider of transactional print-and-mail services, such as billing statement processing. Importantly, Astron also processes inbound documents, provides services such as remittance processing, scanning and data entry, data analysis and database maintenance, and even call centers. The tuck-in acquisition of Critical Mail Continuity Services (CMCS), located in England, further strengthened Astron’s ability to support customers’ print-and-mail and disaster recovery requirements.
These services, many of which are provided by our excep- tional workforce in Asia, neatly complement RR Donnelley’s offering. For example, for a financial services provider, we can provide consultative design recommendations that shape a direct mailing that we produce to help generate new accounts. As the mailing’s recipients respond, we can receive and process the inbound mailings, enabling us
to build the databases that will be used to set up the new accounts. Then we can print and fulfill welcome packets that activate the new accounts as well as facilitate our customer’s cross-selling and up-selling efforts with new account holders.
State-of-the-art technologies connect our talented European and Asian business process outsourcing professionals to global audiences, making this model portable, so that we can introduce it to our many blue-chip, Americas-based customers, many of whom already rely on RR Donnelley
for a variety of document-related outsourcing services. During 2006, upon the consummation of the acquisition of OfficeTiger following regulatory approval, we expect to leverage these outsourcing capabilities to deepen our relationships with customers across a number of important vertical segments, including telecommunications, financial services, healthcare, utilities, publishing and more.
Our outsourcing capabilities will be enhanced to include sophisticated financial analysis and reporting, desktop publishing, creative services, word processing, credit analysis, claims processing, litigation support, market research, database services, managing creative services
for output and more.
 A MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
On behalf of your Board of Directors, I am pleased to report that RR Donnelley continued to build momentum in 2005 on what is now a long history of excellence.
Your Board is fully engaged working with your management in setting the company’s strategic direction. We are actively focused on our three vital constituencies – shareholders, customers, and employees.
All of RR Donnelley’s directors, officers, and employees regularly review clearly defined Principles of Ethical Business Conduct to ensure that your company’s business is conducted with the highest level of integrity and full transparency. Everyone associated with RR Donnelley is held to the very highest standards of behavior and practices as they conduct business in accordance with the letter and spirit of the law.
We join with RR Donnelley’s management in thanking your company’s employees for their focus, effort and commitment in creating value for our shareholders.
Sincerely yours,
Stephen M. Wolf
Chairman of the Board of Directors April 2006
 3

GLOBAL SOLUTIONS. GLOBAL RESPONSIBILITIES.
During 2005 RR Donnelley continued our more than 140-year history of being a good corporate citizen in the communities and countries in which our employees live and work. For example, we broadened our Forest Stewardship Certification (FSC) program to include all of RR Donnelley’s U.S. magazine, catalog, retail insert, directory and book facilities. Our book production plant in Reynosa, Mexico, and our commercial printing facility in Manchester, Connecticut also achieved this important certification. Our FSC status assures customers that the paper we use in these facilities originates from sustainable, legal, and verified logging.
Our employees’ exceptional attention to safe work practices yielded more than a 20% reduction in employee injury rates, against a baseline that is already more than 40% below the printing industry’s average. Our customers know, as do our employees, that safety is one of the key indicators of quality production processes.
The exceptional quality of the products and services we provide was recognized during 2005 with an industry-leading number of prestigious Gold Ink Awards. RR Donnelley’s excellence was recognized across the breadth of our platform, as the quality of our books, magazines, catalogs, short-run commercial printing, direct mail packages, and other products was honored.
Our employees take tremendous pride in producing and delivering exceptional products and services, and in meeting aggressive financial goals. We continue to foster a culture that is built around operating with integrity in everything we do, delighting our customers every day, and vigilantly controlling our costs. In 2005 we continued to align our employees’ compensation with our shareholders’ interests. At RR Donnelley we inspire effort and pay
for performance.
GLOBAL STRATEGIES
In each of the businesses that we operate and for each
of the segments that we serve, RR Donnelley develops solutions that surround products with value-added services. For example, in 2006 we will continue aggressively to
help our customers use digital technologies to enhance
the effectiveness of their printed communications. We will roll out in stages a digital initiative that we believe will create for our core Fortune 1000 customers a unique, worldwide ability quickly and affordably to print from virtually anywhere to virtually anywhere.
At the foundation of this initiative is our unmatched
array of Internet-based content access and management capabilities; our patented means of efficiently moving
files into digital print production; our international platform of high speed digital print engines; and our scale and expertise in fulfillment and distribution.
RR Donnelley’s digital platform will be part of a balanced offering that combines our advantages of scale, geographic reach, logistics and classic printing expertise with fast- emerging capabilities that use digital technologies to tailor communications to audiences of one, in new applications, at new quantities, at faster speeds, across borders, and through a new, redesigned Internet-based interface. The benefits to our customers will accrue from reduced costs — as we help them to address audiences with pinpoint accuracy — and from improved results — as we help our customers to deliver more quickly compelling communica- tions that speak to individual needs.
As we implement this and other initiatives to drive top-line and bottom-line growth, we intend in 2006 to:
• Operate with tight financial discipline and realize additional cost and selling synergies.
• Cross sell aggressively, including business process out- sourcing, and build on the strong momentum that we have established with customers.
• Accelerate the speed at which we address the best
growth opportunities through targeted acquisitions that are consistent with our global strategy. We will move quickly to integrate new businesses in order to achieve cost reductions and to introduce RR Donnelley’s broad product and service offering to new customers.
• Manage and invest our shareholders’ capital in order to maximize returns over the long term through a combination of dividends, acquisitions, capital investments, and
share repurchases.
Every day, in a variety of languages, and according to myriad business customs, RR Donnelley employees work to implement a common mission: to increase shareholder value by delivering exceptional global solutions to our customers. Our shared goal is to build on RR Donnelley’s outstanding tradition and recent successes in order to establish a long winning streak.
We are grateful to our shareholders for their confidence
in our strategy and execution, to our customers for giving us the opportunity to earn their business every day, and to our employees for the special will-to-win that characterizes RR Donnelley.
Very truly yours,
Mark A. Angelson Chief Executive Officer April 2006
 4
