 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
In 2006 we continued to deliver on our promise to grow RR Donnelley. With 2006 revenues exceeding $9.3 billion, our company’s net sales were up more than 10.5% as compared with 2005 and have increased by more than 30% since 2004. Income from continuing operations exceeded $750 million, an increase of 66.7% from 2005.
during 2006 of OfficeTiger. We are now even better positioned to provide judgment-based, end-to-end document management and business process outsourcing (BPO) services world- wide. Customers who already know
RR Donnelley as a great printer
are discovering that we are also an exceptional provider of business services. Our BPO capabilities include inbound-document, outbound- document, and facilities management services, as well as sophisticated financial analysis and reporting, litigation support, market research, database services, credit analysis, claims processing, desktop publishing, creative services, and more. Global Document Solutions and OfficeTiger create competitive distinction with an on-site, off-shore service model that combines a deep understanding of customers’ needs with a cost-effective ability to respond quickly from centers of excellence in Asia.
We also added during 2006 the financial printing assets and operations of Canadian Bank Note, including operations in Toronto and Montreal, and implemented a joint financial printing venture in the United Arab Emirates. The RR Donnelley Financial Services network now spans 43 countries to serve the world’s financial centers and is a leading provider
 Part of this growth has been fueled
by the strategic acquisitions that have added fresh talent, increased our geographic reach, and expanded the range of resources that we offer to our blue chip customer base. Organic growth, revenue increases that occur when customers choose to award new business to us, also plays a vitally important role in helping RR Donnelley to achieve our goals. Each of our reporting segments, Global Print Solutions and Global Services, posted pro forma organic revenue growth during 2006. Our earnings growth also reflects the financial discipline and cost control that we have ingrained into our corporate DNA. Each day,
our talented employees explore fresh options for increasing productivity
and reducing costs.
Expanding Capabilities.
Our magazine, catalog, book, retail inserts and commercial printing groups benefit from demand that
traditionally surges during the busy fourth quarter merchandising and advertising season. Our success in winning new multi-year contracts – many of which call for us to handle 100% of our customers’ print-related needs – created a need for additional production capacity. The strategic acquisitions of Banta Corporation, Perry Judd’s, and Von Hoffmann that we announced near the close of 2006 address this need. These acquisitions also, over time, will reduce capital spending requirements and create fresh opportunities for us to exercise our proven ability more efficiently to load our enhanced platform through- out the year.
In June of 2005 we acquired Astron, a UK-based provider of document management business process outsourcing services. Now re-branded as RR Donnelley Global Document Solutions, this business is complemented by our acquisition
2

 A MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
On behalf of your Board of Directors,
I am pleased to report that RR Donnelley continued to grow during 2006, as
the company expanded its geographic reach, introduced new products
and services, and added to its already impressive roster of customers.
Your Board is actively focused on three vital constituencies – shareholders, customers, and employees. We are fully engaged in working with your
management to set the company’s strategic direction.
Everyone associated with
RR Donnelley is accountable for the very highest standards of behavior and practices as they conduct business in accordance with the letter and the spirit of the law. All of
RR Donnelley’s directors, officers, and employees regularly review clearly defined Principles of Ethical Business Conduct to ensure that your company’s business is conducted with integrity and full transparency.
We are pleased to join with
RR Donnelley’s management in thanking your company’s employees for their performance and for their commitment to creating value for our shareholders.
Sincerely yours,
Stephen M. Wolf
Chairman of the Board of Directors April 2007
  of project management and printing of initial public offerings, mergers, equity and debt offerings, and US compliance filings.
Expanding Innovation.
Each day tens of thousands of people log-in to RR Donnelley-designed and other websites to access content and decision-support resources that we furnish. For example, we archive and host more than 4.4 billion personal- ized documents, such as billing statements, for Internet retrieval and viewing. Customers access our award- winning OneSiteSM Internet tool that connects RR Donnelley’s transportation tracking network with the US Postal Service’s scheduling data to provide
a diverse new range of tracking and reporting tools. Using OneSite, mailers can track their mailing campaigns as the finished mail pieces leave the production facility, travel through our unmatched logistics network and are processed by the USPS.
Precisely on our promised sched- ule, we introduced CustomPointSM,
a powerful new web-enabled solution that enables enterprise-level digital print ordering, on demand fulfillment, direct mail campaign management, document customization and compre- hensive print management.
CustomPoint is integrated with
RR Donnelley’s network of offset and digital print and fulfillment operations, providing the required scale and technology to serve enterprise clients with multi-faceted print customization, management and fulfillment needs.
It offers the capacity to activate customized printing, from anywhere
on the globe with Internet access,
and by leveraging RR Donnelley’s proprietary print-on-command soft- ware, optimally to route the output
to anywhere and everywhere in
RR Donnelley’s worldwide digital
print and fulfillment network.
With a foundation drawn from premedia, dynamic publishing, digital printing, and print management Internet tools developed originally
in several different business units, CustomPoint is characteristic of the way that we create fresh capabilities by blending the best-of-the-best technology elements from across
RR Donnelley.
Expanding Responsibilities.
As 2006 came to a close, the President of the United States signed into law the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act. We worked tirelessly, in cooperation with many of our leading customers and others, to contribute to the passage of this
landmark legislation. The majority of mail products that we handle – First Class, Standard, and Periodical – will have future rate hikes tied to the Consumer Price Index. The law’s effect will be to provide our customers with more predictable rates and fewer hikes over time, allowing mail to continue
to play its growing role as the leading medium for publishers, catalogers, and direct response mailers.
As a large producer of mail and other printed materials, and as a responsible corporate citizen of the world, we work to support sustainability in our supply chain. For example,
we continue to pursue initiatives that support renewable resource manage- ment. By the close of 2006 our entire North American platform as well as all of our facilities in China had earned Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certification. These certifications enable us to provide chain-of-custody accountability that assures that the paper used in a given project is drawn from responsibly managed forest resources. If you look at the back cover of our printed Annual Report you will see the respected Checkmark and
Tree FSC logo, indicating that the papers used to produce it originated in forests that were harvested with proven regard to responsible forestry practices.
3

The RR Donnelley brand connotes so much more than mere commodity printing. We are exceptionally well positioned
to deliver 360 degree solutions that help customers to enhance the effectiveness of their communications and the efficiency
of their transactions.
 These certifications give our customers another tangible option for demonstrat- ing their commitment to sustainability and renewable resource management.
Expanding Opportunities.
Throughout 2006 customers and professional organizations recognized RR Donnelley for exceptional quality, of product and of service. The
RR Donnelley brand connotes so much more than mere commodity printing. We are exceptionally well positioned
to deliver 360 degree solutions that help customers to enhance the effec- tiveness of their communications and the efficiency of their transactions.
In 2007, we intend to...
• Focus on customers. We will continue aggressively to pursue cross-selling opportunities with our diverse, global customer base, using our unmatched services offering and ability to create integrated end-to-end solutions for competitive advantage. Our Custom- PointSM, print-on-command, and many other proprietary value-added initiatives have just begun to scratch the surface.
• Emphasize operational excellence.
First among the measures of operational excellence is safety. In 2006
RR Donnelley’s metrics for OSHA- defined safety categories outperformed the printing industry averages by
between 38% and 56%. We apply the OSHA definitions for safety categories to our facilities worldwide and will continue to strive for a completely injury-free workplace.
During the past three years we have invested more than $1 billion to re-engineer our global platform. RR Donnelley’s talented employees are equipped to serve customers with exceptional premedia, production, logistics, and business services resources. We continue to seek and win projects and contracts that enable us most efficiently to utilize our capacity, throughout the year and during seasonal peaks.
• Strive to be the low cost producer in each segment. Cost control and financial discipline are not sometime things. At RR Donnelley, they are everytime things. We have demonstrated that we move swiftly to achieve promised cost savings as we integrate strategic acquisitions. However, cost reductions do not occur only as we eliminate redundancies. They arise from improving productivity, reducing waste, and assuring that the test for expendi- tures is whether or not they will help to increase sales and earnings.
• Continue to manage and invest our shareholders’ capital with a goal of maximizing returns over the long term.
The strategic acquisitions that we announced near the close of 2006 will expand our geographic reach, add fresh customer relationships and correspond- ing opportunities to cross-sell, and increase our manufacturing flexibility. RR Donnelley is well positioned to deliver value to customers across the breadth of the supply chain, and even to undertake management of our customers’ supply chains. We intend
to move swiftly in 2007 to realize value from cross-selling and other synergy opportunities as we integrate these exceptional organizations.
We are grateful to our shareholders
for your confidence in our strategy and execution, to our customers for the opportunities that they give us to create solutions that meet their needs, and to our employees who renew each day
RR Donnelley’s global reputation for integrity, quality, and performance.
All of us at RR Donnelley remain deeply committed to growth and expansion.
Very truly yours,
Thomas J. Quinlan, III
President and Chief Executive Officer April 2007
 4
