DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
In 2007 your company again achieved record revenues. RR Donnelley grew revenues for the full year by 24.4% to nearly $11.6 billion and expanded cash flow from operations by more than 30% to nearly $1.2 billion. Our “one RR Donnelley” strategy continues to deliver value.
As the year began, we completed the acquisitions of Banta Corporation and Perry Judd’s, and announced that we would acquire Von Hoffmann. These additions expanded our core printing offering of books, magazines, catalogs, labels, commercial printing, direct mail, and more. They also increased the scale of our prepress and logistics capabilities, extended our geographic reach, and added new customers
to whom we could sell the full range of our products and services. As the year drew to a close, we completed the acquisition of Cardinal Brands, which enhanced our office and consumer products offering.
These acquisitions involved integrating sales teams; multiple manufacturing, distribution and service sites; thousands
of employees; a variety of human resources policies, and
a number of different computer systems. As our results indicate, our employees were up to the challenge. These were among the fastest and most professionally executed integrations that our leadership team has ever been
involved with.
This was also the year during which “one RR Donnelley” publicly became much more than a vision for how we operate and how we present our unparalleled offering to customers and prospects. In June we honorably retired a variety of brand and other names that had been used by companies that
RR Donnelley had acquired in recent years. These were all renamed and unified under the RR Donnelley brand.
This change was not merely cosmetic. It reinforced the signal to our customers that through RR Donnelley they can draw on end-to-end solutions that deliver added efficiencies and cost savings.
We use the word “platform” to describe the facilities, capacity, and capabilities that we draw on to prepare, produce, and deliver printed products and to process transactions
and perform other knowledge-based work for our customers. Integrating our platform allows RR Donnelley to achieve significant internal efficiencies as we more centrally manage utilization rates across our facilities, leverage our own
buying power for equipment and raw materials, and standardize procedures to facilitate functions such as safety practices, training, and quality processes. RR Donnelley continues to be noted for exceptional quality as our employees’ craftsmanship was recognized with Gold Ink
and other prestigious industry awards. Customers too
value RR Donnelley’s quality. For the third year in a row Wal-Mart recognized RR Donnelley with a quality award,
this time as its Offset Tab Printer of the Year.
The Value Of Our Integrated Platform
The RR Donnelley platform offers important advantages to customers as well. Our platform helps us provide cost and cycle time reductions. For example, our book manufacturing platform features facilities in the United States, Latin America, and China. When a publisher has a longer cycle
7

time available, our facilities in Latin America and China offer a distinct cost advantage. At the same time, when a book’s sales take off, our domestic facilities can deliver copies to Internet and brick-and-mortar bookstores quickly. For example, when a title was selected by a popular book club, we helped the publisher respond to the ensuing surge in demand by coordinating production in three RR Donnelley facilities. They combined to produce more than 3.5 million copies of this #1 best selling title in just two weeks. The speed-to-market advantage that we deliver is highly prized by our customers.
Our integrated computer network permits customers to
use our proprietary CustomPoint® system to process self- service orders. For example, they can use virtually real time interfaces to order digitally produced documents that will be printed and finished on-demand, to release shipments from our warehouses, to view inventory and other reports on their own computer screens, and much more. Throughout a typical business day, a customer will access CustomPoint to place an order about once every five seconds.
Our proprietary systems are even integrated with select
third party’s resources to deliver added value to our customers. In 2007 the United States Postal Service presented RR Donnelley with its Partnership For Progress Award. Our OneSiteSM logistics reporting system was the first to combine a printer’s post-production shipment tracking with USPS network tracking into one synchronized report.
The Value Of Our Diverse Platform
Vendor consolidation is a continuing trend, as customers
look for innovative ways to group more of their purchases through a single supplier that can provide end-to-end solutions. No company in our industry is better positioned to help customers achieve the benefits of supplier consolidation.
RR Donnelley’s ability to help customers prepare, produce, deliver, and even process printed communications offers compelling supplier consolidation advantages. Even more, we use our innovative capabilities and expertise to make communications themselves more productive. For example, we integrate our direct response, sophisticated computer programming, production, and mail management capabilities to help customers use ‘transpromo’. Transpromo refers to
the growing trend of using transactional documents (such
as billing statements) to carry personalized promotional messages. We make transpromo more effective and affordable by using proprietary high speed color digital printing technology, developed and patented by RR Donnelley.
Customers often choose to enact their vendor consolidation strategies through longer-term contractual agreements.
Our financial strength, consistent performance, and continuing ability to develop and offer new capabilities are significant points of competitive differentiation. Customers seeking a stable and growing partner are presenting us with fresh opportunities.
The Value Of Social Responsibility
RR Donnelley was named among Corporate Responsibility Officer magazine’s Best Corporate Citizens for 2007.
This reflected their evaluation in categories including environment, human rights, and climate change. In 2007, we quickly helped facilities that we acquired achieve Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) chain-of-custody certifications. Our entire North America and China platforms offer customers the opportunity to use FSC papers, which originate from well managed and responsibly harvested forest resources. You will see the respected FSC logo on the back of this report. Four of our facilities recently achieved Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) chain-of-custody certifications, which offer our customers another means of demonstrating that the products that we produce on their behalf contribute to sustainability.
To promote sustainability we are working with customers
and with our supply chain across a broad set of programs that help to reduce waste and emissions, to encourage recycling, and to re-examine processes to make them more efficient.
We believe that sustainability initiatives do not require making a choice between being cost-effective and being conscious of environmental impacts – they integrate the two.
Among the many milestones that RR Donnelley reached during 2007, we regard those involving safety as the
most important. Many of our facilities were recognized for achieving safety records, and our facility in Shenzhen, China posted 16 million working hours without a day-away injury. We believe, as do many of our customers, that safety is a leading indicator of operational excellence. Since 2000,
RR Donnelley’s employees and processes have helped to improve our incident rate, a key safety measure, by 63%.
8

In 2008, we intend to continue to execute our strategy by ...
• Focusing on customers. We will continue to expand our existing relationships and win new customers by selling all of the products and services that our unsurpassed platform offers.
• Continuing to strive for operational excellence and to be a low cost producer. We have made financial discipline a pillar of competitive advantage. Cost control is not an initiative; it is how we do business every day.
• Managing and investing our shareholders’ capital with a goal of maximizing returns over the long term.
We are proud of our employees for their commitment to excellence in every aspect of performance. We are grateful to our customers for the opportunities that they give us
to serve them, and to you our shareholders for your continued confidence.
Across 14 different time zones, on four continents, and in nearly 40 countries, RR Donnelley employees remain committed to delivering exceptional value.
Sincerely,
Thomas J. Quinlan III
President & Chief Executive Officer April 2008
  A MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
On behalf of your Board of Directors,
I am pleased to join with RR Donnelley’s management in thanking your company’s employees for their performance in 2007.
RR Donnelley achieved strong financial
results, expanded the breadth and depth of
its offering, introduced innovative, proprietary products and services, and added to its enviable roster of customers. We have closely aligned employees’ interests with our shareholders’.
Your Board has taken a leadership role in assuring that RR Donnelley’s employees are provided regular training in the myriad and complex rules governing how your company conducts its business across the world. Online, interactive training and regular communications assure that our written policies regarding ethics and compliance are not merely concepts, but living guidelines in which our employees are regularly schooled. Our shareholders, customers, and other stakeholders deserve nothing less.
We continue to work with your management to set RR Donnelley’s strategic direction and remain committed to providing active counsel and oversight toward the goal of creating value for our shareholders.
Sincerely,
Stephen M. Wolf
Chairman of the Board of Directors April 2008
 9
