                dear fellow shareholders
In 2008 RR Donnelley was tested by unprecedented global economic conditions.
Though we were not satisfied with the year’s financial outcomes, we believe that the fundamental strategy that we pursued
as we responded to fast-changing conditions continues to be the right one. Our strategy is to continue to focus on two complementary objectives:
• Operate the business to maximize cash flow and deploy it prudently as we maintain a very strong liquidity position • Achieve operational excellence in serving our customers
As we execute this strategy, we will strive to take full
advantage of the unique benefits that we offer to our customers. These include our scale; diverse, integrated products and services; geographic reach; and extensive line-up of proprietary value-added capabilities.
Despite the uncertain environment, this focus will provide
RR Donnelley with the flexibility to take advantage of the best opportunities now and to emerge even better positioned for growth whenever the economy improves.
STRONG LIQUIDITY
At RR Donnelley, financial discipline was not suddenly put into place in reaction to the worldwide economic crisis.
Such discipline has been – and will continue to be – standard operating procedure throughout your company.
As a result, even in the face of demand that declined significantly during the second half of 2008 we were able to: • Generate cash from operations of more than a billion dollars. • Maintain your quarterly dividend.
• Reduce debt by more than $200 million. As 2009 began
we also used our continued access to capital markets to
issue a debt-neutral offering that increased our flexibility
and strengthened an already favorable maturity schedule.
• Adjust capital expenditures while keeping our industry leading
product and service platform synchronized with customers’ current and emerging needs. We reduced capital expenditures by nearly $160 million in 2008 as compared with 2007, even as we developed and deployed remarkable new proprietary digital printing equipment.
The challenges that manifested themselves in 2008 are expected to extend into the foreseeable future. As a result we have undertaken many difficult actions as we appropriately balance our costs with our revenues. Some competitors will
not survive the downturn at all, so we expect that economic conditions will actually consolidate the industry and perma- nently take out capacity. We are carefully calibrating short term requirements against longer term opportunities.
In general, we are seeing our customers respond to the uncertainty about the nature and duration of the economic downturn in two ways. First, they are reducing or postponing projects and programs, as advertisers and consumers cut their spending. Though we continue to be their provider of choice
– in some cases, providing 100% of their needs – they are simply buying less. Second, as they seek to achieve their own cost reductions, customers and prospects are taking a fresh look at RR Donnelley’s unique capabilities. The exceptional range of our proprietary solutions, to which we added consider- ably during 2008, enables us to help organizations reduce costs across the breadth of the supply chain.
In a growing number of relationships, we provide value-added Print Management services to our customers. Print Management involves helping customers reduce their total cost of ownership.
 7

                8
This addresses costs associated with preparing, producing, delivering and processing documents and communications. Here, RR Donnelley teams – sometimes on-site with the customer – use sophisticated, proprietary web-based systems to help manage inventories, manage the conversion of documents to print-on-demand, streamline document related processes, and even to source a variety of products on our customer’s behalf. Our Print Management offering is unique, in that our broad in-house platform helps us to deliver consistent quality across a full range of products and services. This reduces costs and supports our customers’ considerable investments in brand equity.
Our scale and value-added capabilities will continue to distinguish RR Donnelley’s approach to serving our customers.
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
During 2008 RR Donnelley developed new and enhanced capabilities that are extremely attractive to customers as they seek to manage their own costs.
• The Variable Trim Binding capabilities that we introduced help customers to minimize raw material and mailing costs for products such as catalogs. Creative engineering allowed RR Donnelley to remove publications’ finished size alignment as a barrier to gathering the maximum number of products from multiple customers into a single mailing pool. This innovation continues to be cited as a key difference-maker by a number of customers as they renew and expand their relationships with RR Donnelley.
• In May we unveiled a new press that leapfrogged the commercially available digital units. Our proprietary, high speed, four color inkjet web press prints digitally with 1200 dots-per-inch resolution. Customers quickly signed on to use this RR Donnelley innovation to enable them to include sophisticated, individualized promotional messages on statements and other transactional documents. Called “TransPromo” – this capability to affordably blend cross- selling and up-selling messages with statements is emerging as a key strategy for a broad array of customers.
• We made a number of enhancements to our Venue virtual data room. A virtual data room provides a web-based,
•
controlled means of reviewing confidential documents. This service is an ideal complement to the translation capabilities, compliance expertise, conventional printing, digital printing, and other resources that we provide to our financial printing clients across the world.
In addition to creating advantages by developing value-added capabilities, we enhanced our production and service platform with acquisitions. Early in 2008 we acquired Pro Line Printing, which rounded out our retail inserts and circulars offering. The acquired operations produce materials for regional promotions and perfectly complement the national capabilities we already had through our gravure (or long-run printing) facilities. Late in the year we took advantage of an attractive valuation to acquire the assets of a commercial printer in Toronto. This gave us a new presence in Eastern Canada, enabling us to provide more complete managed
print services to Canadian and North American customers.
We also fostered operational excellence by finding new ways to serve our customers by making our platform even more efficient. The integration work that we quickly executed with prior acquisitions enables our facilities to work seamlessly together, but in 2008 we signaled that we will create a new model for customer service. To reduce hand-offs even further and to save precious cycle time we are combining under
one roof in the Minneapolis and St. Paul area two existing RR Donnelley facilities that serve different but related functions. This footprint-of-the-future will create a single site that can provide comprehensive commercial printing, direct mail, specialty catalog, electronic media, select fulfillment and prepress capabilities.
•
MEASURES OF EXCELLENCE
We continue to believe that our employees’ safety is the
first and most important measure of operational excellence. Although we will never be satisfied until we achieve a perfect safety record, we are very proud that in 2008 our overall safety metrics outperformed the industry average by nearly 50%.
Throughout the year, our employees’ craftsmanship, innovative ideas, and outstanding service were recognized by a series of awards. These included prestigious industry recognitions, such as Gold Ink and Golden Cylinder awards. Our customers also

                 recognized our operational excellence. For example, Ikea presented RR Donnelley with its award as best global producer of flyers and brochures. As customers become even more cautious about their purchases during times of economic uncertainty, we believe that your company’s reputation for exceptional quality will become an even more important differentiator.
Economic conditions also reinforced the importance of our approach to sustainability. We believe that the very best sustainability initiatives accomplish two goals simultaneously. They mitigate environmental impacts and reduce costs.
For example, in one innovative program we are beginning to capture the heat generated used to set inks onto paper in order to warm the building in which the presses are housed. This reduces energy consumption and lowers our utility costs.
IN 2009
As of this writing, the economic uncertainty that accelerated throughout 2008 continues and there is no clear forecast as to when conditions will improve.
Economic turmoil produces both challenge and opportunity. We remain confident that the core disciplines that we have established will best position RR Donnelley to manage the difficulties and to take full advantage of the opportunities.
We will maintain our dual focus on maintaining strong liquidity and achieving operational excellence.
We are proud of our employees – and those who were unfortunately displaced as a result of these unprecedented economic conditions – for all that they achieved during 2008. We appreciate the continuing opportunity to serve our customers and remain grateful to you, our shareholders, for your confidence.
Sincerely,
Thomas J. Quinlan III
President & Chief Executive Officer April 2009
MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
2008 will be remembered as a sobering year for investors as share prices across all sectors of the economy ricocheted wildly, and closed the year with disheartening numbers in almost every industry. Financial services, banking and insurance saw many failures; the auto industry teetered on the verge of collapse as the year ended.
While the economic atmosphere remains troubling,
we at RR Donnelley are committed to careful steward- ship of this great company in order to protect the interests of our shareholders and our employees.
Your Board of Directors works closely with management to provide oversight and counsel especially during these perilous times.
Our employees have worked tirelessly to help us
remain strong. Last year, in a very uncertain environ- ment, RR Donnelley was able to introduce an impressive set of proprietary products and services, and to gain
new or expanded relationships with customers interna- tionally. All the while, our employees demonstrated continuous improvements in safety, productivity and sustainability. Our employees continued to complete our online interactive training on complex rules governing commerce around the world.
The coming year promises to be no less challenging than the last. Know that we, your Board of Directors, your management and employees, are committed to the continued health and viability of RR Donnelley.
Sincerely,
Stephen M. Wolf
Chairman of the Board of Directors April 2009
  9
