 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS: IN 2011 YOUR COMPANY CONTINUED TO
GENERATE STRONG OPERATING AND FREE CASH FLOW, DIVERSIFY OUR REVENUE OPPORTUNITIES, ENHANCE OUR OFFERING WITH INNOVATIONS AND ACQUISITIONS, AND FURTHER OUR TRANSFORMATION INTO A COMPANY THAT CREATES, MANAGES, PRODUCES, AND DISTRIBUTES CONTENT IN A VARIETY OF MEDIA.
 RR Donnelley is quick to respond to anticipated changes in general economic conditions. Tight financial discipline is built into everything that we do – every day. As a
result, even in the face of substantial global economic headwinds and changing demand in some segments that we serve, our operating cash flow was up more than 25% as compared with 2010 and we delivered operating cash flow less capital expenditures of more than $695 million for the full year.
ACQUISITIONS AND INNOVATIONS
During 2011 we continued to diversify our revenue base and expand our offering. Much of what we do involves helping our customers communicate. Increasingly, they want to execute these communications through a variety of different channels – ranging from printed pieces to apps on a tablet computer. Through acquisitions, organic expansion, and innovations, we continued to increase our ability to serve customers across the full range of communications media.
As the number of media choices continues to
proliferate, marketers are finding that the importance
and effectiveness of in-store graphics and packaging
is increasing. The acquisition of two companies during 2011 enhanced our presence in the packaging and display sector that serves retail, consumer packaged goods, health and beauty, pharmaceutical, consumer electronics, and many other customers. These operations produce printed corrugated displays that are used for
promotions in stores, decorative and regulatory labels that you will see on a variety of products, and folded paperboard boxes. This was a natural extension for RR Donnelley. It draws on our deep expertise in manufacturing management and complements our existing packaging production and service offering. These acquisitions also increased our position in a segment that is unlikely to be significantly impacted by digital alternatives.
An example of organic growth was reflected in the opening of a new RR Donnelley facility in Chengdu, China in the heart of the emerging high tech operations center for our global customers. This new facility is focused on supply chain management. Here we support customers with printing, sophisticated quick response assembly services, sourcing, and packaging design and execution. Many of the products that we are helping our customers bring to market from this and other RR Donnelley operations did not even exist just a few years ago.
This new operation complements capabilities that we have added to facilities in Hungary and Mexico, as part of our expanding global packaging and labeling network.
A series of acquisitions enhanced the resources that allow us to serve customers with digital solutions. During 2011 we added companies such as Press+, Helium, Sequence Personal, and LibreDigital. Together these new operations expanded RR Donnelley’s ability to help customers create, manage, distribute, and monetize digital content.
1

2
To illustrate how these new resources complement our offering, consider the capabilities that our LibreDigital acquisition provides. LibreDigital offers publishers a one-stop service for preparing and distributing content to the dozens of different e-reading devices available. In combination with our other capabilities, this new service means that we can provide publishers with an integrated end-to-end solution that includes ...
• producing books on-demand, using the ProteusJetTM digital ink jet presses that we developed
• drawing on our domestic and international platform to deliver the optimal mix of cost and cycle time
• providing an integrated book fulfillment and distribution solution
Taken together, these services offer a complete, single- source supply chain solution. We have replicated this value-added approach across a host of vertical segments. For example, for a Fortune 100 financial services organization we are executing a series of communications that draw on enhanced capabilities that we have acquired and developed in-house. These are multi-channel communications, which means that they are delivered
via print, email, and online vehicles. We provide data analytics services that help these communications become progressively smarter and more relevant as content flows back-and-forth between us, our customer, and the recipients of the communications.
Our multi-channel platform, informed by data analytics, will become increasingly important during coming years. Big data – the huge databases that are built out of people’s use of mobile, tablet, and other devices – will create significant demand for ways to use that information effectively. During 2011, our acquisitions and internal systems development continued to lay the groundwork to take advantage of the opportunities
that will emerge.
DIVERSIFYING OUR REVENUE OPPORTUNITIES
Last year, more than $1 billion of our revenue arose from providing business services to customers, including digital photography, copywriting, business process outsourcing, online intelligent meters for publishers, logistics, and
more. These services play two important roles. First, they continue to diversify our revenue base into offerings that
do not require significant capital expenditures to provide. For instance, RR Donnelley has been named a Top 100 provider of third party logistics services. Because we manage, rather than own the over-the-road resources, we do not have to invest capital in an expensive fleet. Second, these services change the dynamics of the relationships that we have with our customers. As they seek to reduce their supplier bases, employ new technologies, and achieve new efficiencies, our ability to provide end-to-end solutions is increasingly attractive. Our continuing transformation
has taken RR Donnelley from offering individual product sets – to providing bundled services – to evolving customer relationships to include the full array of our global resources.
RR Donnelley is also finding entirely new ways to employ our expertise in production management. For example, during 2011 we took an investment stake in a company called Solicore, which extended our reach into the emerging demand for printed electronics. Similarly, through a relationship with a press manufacturing company called KBA, we are bringing to market the next generation piezoelectric digital ink jet printing solutions that were developed in our R&D labs. These presses, which will debut this year, will be used in a variety of digital production applications.
IN 2012
We anticipate that in 2012 the rate of change will
continue to accelerate. New technologies will come to market even more quickly, consumers and businesses will be faster to adopt new concepts, and businesses will need to be more nimble to keep pace. To take advantage of the opportunities that this fast-changing environment will create, RR Donnelley will be guided by these elements of our strategy:

 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Your independent Board of Directors works to represent your interests by providing management with advice, counsel, and oversight. This active engagement encompasses two dimensions. The first is associated
with what RR Donnelley does, particularly with regard to strategy, performance, and accountability. The second, equally important, has to do with how RR Donnelley conducts its business. The Board’s focus is on maximizing value to shareholders while simultaneously building
a competitive business for the long term.
As a global corporation, RR Donnelley serves the best known businesses, medical and educational institutions, and other organizations in the world. Your company’s reputation for managing confidential information, offering best sustainability practices, and adhering to the highest standards for ethical business behavior plays a vital role in its ability to sustain long-lasting customer relationships.
To that end, the dimensions of RR Donnelley’s Global Social Responsibility policies and practices provide an important view into how RR Donnelley operates. We are proud that its employees’ workplace safety metrics internationally are dramatically better than industry averages, that its facilities worldwide have earned important sustainability certifications, that diversity and inclusion are fostered in its operations, and that its ongoing employee education initiatives include mandatory participation in a broad range of compliance training courses.
I invite you to review RR Donnelley’s Global Social Responsibility Report, which is always available on your company’s website. In an illustration of one of the many ways that your company is putting interactive technologies to work, you may conveniently reach the Report by activating the quick response code on this page.
Sincerely,
Stephen M. Wolf Chairman of the Board of Directors April 2012
www.rrd.com/globalresponsibility
  3
• We will win share by aggressively pursuing all appropriate print opportunities, across a diverse range of vertical segments, and by using the comprehensive range of our integrated offering as a key value-added differentiator.
• We will leverage our unmatched operating expertise, procurement scale, and customer relationships to achieve ongoing economies and efficiencies.
• We will build on our relationships with customers across the world to sell more services that can diversify and increase our revenue base.
• We will internally develop and acquire technologies that serve important communication and supply chain needs and that continue to diversify our product
and service offerings to enable us to serve a growing portion of our customers’ needs.
• We will drive free cash flow and margin through continuing, aggressive cost compression.
• We will achieve our objectives while maintaining industry-leading safety and quality performance.
In particular, employee safety will continue to be the first and most important measure of operational excellence at RR Donnelley.
We are grateful to our employees for the way that they work to serve customers every day, to our customers for allowing us the opportunity to help them achieve their objectives, and to our investors for your confidence.
Sincerely,
Thomas J. Quinlan III
President & Chief Executive Officer April 2012
 