To Our Shareholders
 Page 8
The year 2005 and the 2006 first quarter were quite exciting times
for Reliance. We reported record- breaking financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005. We completed the acquisition of Chapel Steel Corp.; entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire Earle M. Jorgensen Company; agreed to acquire the assets and business of a toll processing company; formed a joint venture company based in Singapore that acquired a metals service center company in China; acquired the remaining 49.5% of
our subsidiary, American Steel, L.L.C.; finalized a $600 million, five-year, unsecured revolving credit facility; amended and restated our Stock Repurchase Plan; expanded certain of our facilities and moved into new geographic markets.
For the 2005 fiscal year, net income was up 21% to $205.4 million, or $6.21earnings per diluted share.
This compares with net income of $169.7 million, or $5.19 earnings per diluted share for the 2004 fiscal year. Sales for 2005 totaled $3.4 billion, an increase of 14%, compared with 2004 sales of $2.9 billion.
As noted above, we announced on January 17, 2006 that we entered into a definitive merger agreement
to acquire Earle M. Jorgensen Company (NYSE:JOR) for about $934 million. If approved by Jorgensen’s stockholders, Reliance will acquire Jorgensen for about $13.00 per share, subject to a collar, with Jorgensen stockholders being paid approximately 50% in Reliance stock and 50% in cash. The transaction will be immediately accretive to our earnings and is expected to be completed in early April of 2006. Upon the closing of the acquisition, we will have total assets of about
$3 billion and annual revenues of more than $5 billion with

  David H. Hannah, Karla R. Lewis and Gregg J. Mollins
7,350 employees and more than
150 locations in 35 states and Belgium, Canada, China and South Korea.
At closing, we expect to issue between 4.5 million and 6.1 million shares of Reliance common stock. The cash portion will be financed under our $600 million syndicated credit facility that will be increased to $700 million upon completion of the Jorgensen transaction. Additionally, we will assume Jorgensen’s outstanding debt.
We are very excited about Jorgensen becoming a member of our Reliance
family. This will be our largest acquisition to-date and our first acquisition of a public company. This transaction will add a total of 40 facilities in the United States
and Canada to our existing network. We will significantly increase our geographic, product and customer diversification by combining with an industry peer that complements our reputation for excellence and our corporate culture. Jorgensen has an outstanding management group and they will continue to run the business as they have in the past. We believe that together, Reliance and Jorgensen will be well positioned to continue
Page 9

Page 10
to outperform our competitors going forward.
A more detailed explanation
of our key activities during 2005 and the first quarter of 2006, in addition to the pending Jorgensen acquisition follows:
• In March of 2006, Reliance Pan
Pacific Pte., Ltd., a joint venture company formed in October of 2005 that is 70% owned by Reliance and 30% owned by Manufacturing Network Pte. Ltd., a Singapore company, completed the purchase of Everest Metals (Suzhou) Co., Ltd., a Chinese metals service center company. Everest Metals was formed in
2001 and began processing and distributing primarily aluminum products to the electronics industry in 2002. Everest’s 2005 revenues were approximately $5.5 million.
• During the 2006 first quarter, Phoenix Metals Company
•
completed its move to a new, larger, upgraded facility with added capabilities to better serve its growing customer base in Birmingham, Alabama and opened another new facility near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Phoenix also expanded into a facility near Cincinnati, Ohio in late 2005. Phoenix processes and distributes primarily flat-rolled aluminum, stainless steel and carbon steel products.
In February of 2006, our toll processing subsidiary, Precision Strip, Inc., entered into an agreement to acquire certain assets and business of Flat Rock Metal Processing, L.L.C. Flat Rock is
also a toll processor with locations in Perrysburg, Ohio and Eldridge, Iowa. Precision Strip also expanded its facility in Talladega, Alabama
in 2005.
Additionally, on the international front, we are in the process of doubling the size of our AMI
 •

Metals facility in Belgium that services the growing European- based aerospace industry. We are also expanding our Valex Korea operation to support the growing semiconductor business in Asia.
• Domestically, we are increasing
the size of our Allegheny Steel Distributors, Inc. facility in Pennsylvania and are purchasing facilities that were previously
leased at Reliance Steel Company in Los Angeles, California; Viking Materials, Inc. in Minneapolis, Minnesota and Pacific Metal Company in Portland, Oregon.
In 2005, Siskin Steel & Supply Company, Inc. expanded its facility in Chattanooga, Tennessee. Also, in February of 2006, Liebovich Bros., Inc. opened a new facility near Green Bay, Wisconsin, to further penetrate that geographic market.
• Effective January 3, 2006 we acquired the remaining 49.5%
of our subsidiary, American Steel,
L.L.C. from American Industries, Inc. The 2005 net sales of American Steel were approximately $107 million. American Steel operates metals service centers
in Portland, Oregon and Kent, Washington and processes and distributes primarily carbon steel products.
• In July of 2005 we acquired Chapel Steel Corp., headquartered in Spring House (Philadelphia), Pennsylvania, for about $94.2 million in cash plus the assumption of approximately $16.8 million of debt. Chapel was a privately held metals service center company founded in 1972 that processes and distributes carbon and alloy steel plate products from five facilities
in Pottstown (Philadelphia), Pennsylvania; Bourbonnais (Chicago), Illinois; Houston, Texas; Birmingham, Alabama;
and Portland, Oregon. Chapel also warehouses and distributes its
 Page 11

products in Cincinnati, Ohio and Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Chapel’s net sales for the year ended December 31, 2005 were approximately $268 million. Chapel services the construction, defense, heavy equipment, shipbuilding, energy and other industries.
• In June of 2005 we entered into a $600 million, five-year, unsecured revolving credit facility that replaced our previous $335 million credit facility. We will use this credit facility for working capital and general corporate purposes, internal growth initiatives and the funding of acquisitions.
• On May 18, 2005, our Board of Directors amended and restated our Stock Repurchase Plan to authorize the purchase of up to
an additional 6,000,000 shares
of common stock and to extend the term of the Stock Repurchase Plan for 10 years to December 31,
2014. As of March 31, 2005, Reliance has repurchased a total
of 5,538,275 shares of its common stock, since the initial Stock Repurchase Plan was adopted in December of 1994.
In July of 2005, the quarterly dividend rate was increased 11% to $.10 per share of common stock. Over the past eight quarters, the regular quarterly dividend payment has increased in total $.04 per share or 67%. We continue to believe that our 46 years of dividend payments represent a key factor in our efforts to provide a favorable return on investment for our shareholders.
Effective January 1, 2006, Richard J. Slater, 59, joined our Board of Directors. Mr. Slater is the President and a director of ORBIS L.L.C., an investment and advisory firm, and
is an advisor to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Jacobs
 Page 12

Engineering Group, Inc., a New York Stock Exchange listed company that provides global technical professional services. Mr. Slater previously served in various positions with Jacobs Engineering Group from 1980–2003, most recently as Executive Vice President of Worldwide Operations.
We are very pleased with our position in our industry. There are many opportunities for continued acquisitions in the still fragmented metals service center industry.
We are proud of what we have accomplished so far, and are eager to pursue those opportunities that we see for successful growth of our Company into the future.
For the sixth year, Reliance was named to the Forbes “Platinum 400 List of America’s Best Big Companies” for 2006. We would like to say “thank you” to our shareholders, customers, suppliers
and employees for supporting our efforts. Their contributions have enabled Reliance to be a premiere metals service center company. We are excited about our future and our opportunities for continued success as a leader in the industry.
Sincerely,
David H. Hannah Chief Executive Officer
Gregg J. Mollins President and
Chief Operating Officer
Karla R. Lewis
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
March 28, 2006
    Page 13
