  Message to Our Shareholders:
Our strong performance in 2015 was a result of the increasingly sharpened execution of our strategy of Growth through Differentiation, building on the foundation we put in place five years ago.
Republic Services laid out a strategy several years ago to achieve profitable growth through a renewed focus on industry differentiation—combining the best people and the best products to drive unit growth and to earn a higher price per unit.
We know that true differentiation in the marketplace doesn’t happen overnight. To do this, we must make a sustained effort to attract and retain the best talent, engage more customers, increase loyalty, and ultimately drive higher revenue and sustainable, profitable growth. Our strategy is based on five strategic pillars: (1) Market Position, (2) Operating Model, (3) People & Talent Agenda, (4) Customer Zeal, and (5) Digital Platform.
Looking back on the momentum and performance of 2015, we were pleased to see the results of our ongoing work in these key areas truly making a difference.
2015 Financial Performance
As a result of successfully executing our strategic plan, in 2015 the Republic team delivered higher levels of pricing, reported positive volumes, grew earnings and free cash flow, improved return on invested capital, and increased cash returns to our shareholders.
Our financial highlights for 2015 include full-year adjusted EPS of $2.06 and adjusted free cash flow of $813 million— both exceeding the upper end of the guidance we provided at the beginning of the year.
We returned $808 million in cash to our shareholders during the year, which represents a cash yield of nearly 6 percent. This includes approximately 10 million shares repurchased for $409 million. We finished the year with a total shareholder return of 12.4 percent, which out- performed the S&P 500 average by more than eight times.
Building on Our Success
In 2015, we made significant progress on our multi- year strategic initiatives designed to profitably grow our business, enhance the quality of our revenue, improve the customer experience, and reduce costs.
• We invested $193 million in tuck-in acquisitions, nearly two times our original goal. The transactions completed in 2015 represent an annual revenue contribution of approximately $143 million at a post-synergy EBITDA purchase price multiple of 4.3 times.
• WeacquiredtheU.S.assetsofTervita.Theseassetsserve as a platform acquisition in the E&P waste sector with attractive long-term fundamentals and opportunities for future growth.
• Our revenue-enhancing initiatives realized significant value. During 2015, we reported our highest level of average yield in more than five years.
• Our customers see the difference in our products and services, which is reflected in our customer satisfaction metrics. Our Net Promoter Score, which measures customers’ willingness to recommend a company’s products and services, improved for the third year in a row.
• We further enhanced our fleet-based productivity and cost-saving initiatives. Approximately 16 percent of our total fleet now operates on compressed natural gas (CNG), 72 percent of our residential fleet is automated with single-operator vehicles, and 78 percent of our total fleet has been certified under our OneFleet standardized maintenance program, up from 60 percent one year earlier.
 4

 • Approximately 1.2 million customers have enrolled in My ResourceTM, our online customer portal and mobile app, which significantly enhances our customer interaction and connectivity.
• We launched Click-to-Buy capabilities in approximately 50 percent of our residential subscription markets. Click-to-Buy addresses the evolving needs of our customers’ buying preferences and provides yet another way for them to do business with us.
These initiatives require investment, but the payback is compelling, and our financial performance reflects the benefits of our commitment.
Maximizing the Opportunities Ahead of Us
Although we made substantial progress in 2015, with strong results and many accomplishments, we will continue to refine our Growth through Differentiation strategy in the months and years ahead.
Early in 2016, we announced a realignment of our organizational structure. This included eliminating our three Regions, consolidating 20 Areas into 10, and streamlining select positions at our Phoenix headquarters.
We are reinvesting in our 10 Area offices by creating additional operational and functional support roles, which puts resources closer to our business and our customers.
In addition, we are investing in our customer service capabilities and are in the process of consolidating over 100 customer service locations into three Customer Resource Centers. The new state-of-the-art facilities and technology will enable better levels of customer service across several touch points, including voice, email, text, social media, and live chat.
The savings from the realignment are funding the investments we are making in our customer-focused initiatives in 2016 and 2017. We expect these initiatives and the realignment will contribute approximately $35 million of annual cost savings beginning in 2018.
Differentiating Ourselves in All That We Do
Our ability to make these organizational changes is a natural evolution and logical next step for our Company. As a result of developing standardized processes with rigorous controls, we are further leveraging our scale to continually improve our service offerings for customers.
We call this approach The Republic Way, and we believe it is the best way to create durable operational excellence and lasting value for all of our stakeholders. We are confident that our customers will select us and reward our
commitment to offering them differentiated products and services of superior value.
The importance of positive differentiation also extends to our commitments to the communities we serve and to the environment we all rely upon. If we are to achieve our goal of becoming America’s preferred recycling and waste services partner, we must first and foremost be a good neighbor.
Through our Blue Planet sustainability platform, we strive to support the health and sustainability of our communities through recycling, generating renewable energy, and helping our customers to be more resourceful. Additionally, we lead by example, from reducing fleet vehicle emissions and embracing innovative landfill technologies to protecting our employees and communities through our distracted driving initiative.
We are measuring our performance in a number of ways, including through the Carbon Disclosure Project. In 2015, our score of 98 for Disclosure and an A- band for Performance placed Republic Services in the top 10 percent of companies globally on climate change performance. Additionally, our scores were higher than any other company in our industry.
None of this would be possible without attracting and retaining the best people in the business. In 2015, we made great strides in making Republic Services a great place to work through our continued investment in our 33,000 dedicated employees. Whether through enhanced training programs, our diversity and inclusion initiatives or offering competitive benefits and compensation plans, we are committed to creating an environment where the best people come to work. And with that, I would like to thank the entire Republic team for the work they do each day to better serve our customers.
And, of course, better serving our customers and our communities is the key to generating long-term value for you, our owners. We believe that through focused execution of our strategy, we are well-positioned to continue delivering for you in 2016 and beyond.
Best Regards,
Donald W. Slager
President and Chief Executive Officer
ENDNOTE: Adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow are defined in Republic’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 11, 2016.
  5
