 



Dear Shareholders:
I am pleased to report that good progress was made in 2003 as the people of Republic Services worked very hard to improve our Company. The results: greater financial strength, more efficient operations, better customer service, and more value for you
-	our shareholders.
We ended the year pretty much as we began it - with our industry's best balance sheet and strongest financial position. We  achieved good internal growth and we generated more free cash flow than ever before -- a proven indicator of the quality of our earnings.
Our record cash flow enabled us to improve our Company financially and operationally and at the same time reward sharehold­ ers. We put the cash back to work in our operations and made selective acquisitions. We repurchased $184 million of Republic com­ mon stock, and we initiated a quarterly dividend.
Like most companies, we weren't immune to the ill effects of the nation's lackluster economy. Still, our people did an admirable job controlling costs and improving productivity. These improvements will serve us well this year and in the future as the economy brightens.
We have promised our employees they will have a workplace that rewards integrity, respect, enthusiasm and mentoring. We value our management system and know our team appreciates the decentralized work environment in which they operate. We believe this environment fosters an entrepreneurial spirit and local competitiveness among our people and unlimited opportunities for them. We are proud that we have created a great place to work and, in turn, grateful to attract the best talent around.
"Doing It Better" has become our rallying theme this year and a cultural phenomenon in our organization. "Doing It  Better"  means having the discipline to stay focused, the drive to reach challenging goals, and the dedication to achieve the results we expect.
While we are not an old company, Republic has for several years enjoyed recognition as an admired industry leader. Republic's financial performance and our people's dedication to meeting very high standards no doubt have contributed to that reputation and earned us inclusion on Forbes magazine's list of Best Managed Companies in America. We are grateful for this distinction.
But we recognize, too, that our leadership role carries with it a continuing responsibility. We know we must continue to improve our business, enhance service for our customers, take care of our people, contribute to our industry and, of course, meet our share­ holders' expectations. We intend to work hard at all of these things.
We have a good  plan, and we are going to stick with it.  We will stay focused on internal growth and making acquisitions  that  add value to  our asset base.  We will concentrate  our attention on existing markets,  improving our efficiency and making the most  of our facilities. And as always, we will continue to recruit  the smartest,  most knowledgeable, professional,  and motivated  people we can find.
We expect to continue to generate strong and predictable  free cash flow in 2004.  Like last year, we plan  to use the cash to  cre­ ate long-term value and return value to our shareholders. AI, I write, we expect to repurchase  up to $200 million of Republic com­ mon stock, pay a quarterly dividend and repay a $225 million debt that matures in May.
We have high expectations for the year. Achieving these expectations will take the same hard work and discipline that has always been our hallmark.
We have a capable and enthusiastic management team and we believe Republic Services has the right strategy, the right resources and people, and a winning attitude. We look forward to another year of meeting high expectations in 2004.
Sincerely,
·	r	-	\
James E. O'Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 31, 2004
