 L E T T E R T O T H E S T O C K H O L D E R S April 1, 2011
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
The people of Republic Services are dedicated to continuing our positive momentum. We entered 2011 stronger financially and operationally and, as always, committed to delivering to our customers high-quality service. With a leading industry position, we are confident in our ability to increase value for our stockholders in the years ahead. Managing waste is a sound business. We provide an essential service focused on managing our customers’ entire waste stream. Today, customers are growing more concerned about the environment and sustainability and they are looking to us for solutions. We serve as advisors helping customers make good environmental decisions for their businesses and communities. The United States’ non-hazardous solid waste services industry generates annual revenue of approximately $54 billion.
    Looking Back
at 2010
Despite economic challenges, we worked hard to make 2010 a success. We faced the rolling aftershocks of an anemic economy and effectively managed costs, including rising expenses for fuel, trucks, labor and disposal.
Here are some highlights of our 2010 financial perfomance:
• Earnings per share and free cash flow exceeded our original guidance.
• Our strong, sustainable cash flows allowed us to pay off approximately $400 million of debt, increase our dividend and initiate a $400 million stock repurchase program. In 2010 we repurchased more than 1.4 million of our shares. We expect to complete our existing repurchase authorization before the end of 2011.
• We achieved price increases
and retained existing business at appropriate returns. Higher prices for
commodities offset weakness in the construction and demolition volumes.
• Revenue for the year decreased only slightly to $8.1 billion compared with $8.2 billion a year earlier. Excluding revenue from operations that we were required to divest as a result of the Allied Waste acquisition, core revenue was unchanged.
Republic has always had a solid balance sheet. Since the Allied acquisition, we have reduced our debt by $1.3 billion and maintain our commitment to our investment grade rating.
 
 LETTER TO THE STOCKHOLDERS
      Finally, in 2010 we successfully completed the two-year integration
of Republic and Allied, which broadened our reach and resources and strengthened our core business. The integration achieved a total of approximately $190 million in annual run-rate synergy savings – well above the $150 million we originally targeted.
the Year ahead
Good financial results naturally flow from good operations, discipline and a good plan.
Looking ahead, our objectives for 2011 are to grow the business internally
and through selective acquisitions, to manage costs, and to expand margins and free cash flow.
We will continue our broad-based pricing program across all business lines to recover increasing costs and earn an appropriate return on our invested capital.
We have a healthy pipeline of potential acquisitions that could be integrated into our already strong network of facilities, adding volume and value
in the process. We are eager to strengthen this infrastructure, and particularly to enhance our recycling capabilities.
In operations, we will continue to emphasize increased productivity and route efficiency. Proprietary software is driving smarter collection routing, which will cut collection time and lower fuel costs. The increasing use
of automated collection trucks and automated, single-stream recycling facilities also will increase productivity.
Based on recent statistics, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency estimates that Americans generate approximately a quarter-billion tons of solid waste annually. Of this total, about 54 percent is disposed of in landfills while about 34 percent is recovered through recycling and about 12 percent is combusted for energy recovery.
The total volume of waste generated in the United States increased about 17 percent from 1990 through 2009. During the same period the total volume of waste disposed of in landfills decreased about 5 percent. As the number of landfills fell dramatically from 6,300 facilities in 1990 to 1,900 facilities in 2009, most landfills became much larger in size, accepted much greater volumes of waste and managed waste from larger geographic areas.
The increasing volume of materials being recycled is what we refer
to as the “evolving ton” and we continue to increase our capabilities and investments in recycling and processing activities which will further enhance our growth strategy.
Republic is committed to an on-going strategy of enhancing cash returns to stockholders. Over the long-term, we will increase our dividend payout and repurchase stock in order to improve total return to stockholders.
We have been an environmentally responsible company since we started, and environmental excellence will forever remain part of our mission.
governance
Since January 1, 2011 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles
have been separated. Following
Jim O’Connor’s upcoming retirement from our Board, we will have a non-executive, independent Chairman. The Board unanimously selected Jim Crownover to serve as Chairman for
a two-year term commencing at the conclusion of the Annual Meeting. Jim has been a director of Republic since the merger in 2008 and was a director of Allied from 2002 through 2008.
 
      His experience on the boards of directors and board committees of several major public companies, as well as his leadership role at McKinsey & Company, Inc. before his retirement there in 1998, have prepared him well to serve as our next Chairman.
We are certain we have a solid strategy, an experienced management team and a high quality operating platform. Our plan is sound and we are confident we can meet our goals.
We appreciate your support, and we look forward to the coming year and the opportunity to make Republic
a stronger, better and even more valuable company.
Sincerely,
JAMES E. O’CONNOR
Chairman of the Board
DONALD W. SLAGER
President &
Chief Executive Officer
Jim O’Connor (left), Chairman of the Board and Don Slager, President & Chief Executive Officer
LeadershiP
Jim O’Connor retired as chief executive officer effective January 1, 2011. Jim will continue to serve as a director and as the chairman of the board until the Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 12, 2011. We offer
Jim our sincerest thanks and appreciation for his 12 years of service to Republic and for the success we achieved under his leadership, and we wish him all the best in retirement.
Don Slager succeeded Jim as chief executive officer. Don also became a member of the board of directors in June 2010 when this transition was announced. Don was the long-time president and chief operating officer
of Allied before the merger
and then of Republic. He is an industry veteran and exceptional leader with deep knowledge of every facet of the business. Don’s leadership will provide the steady hand directing and delivering growth. His appointment was
the result of a comprehensive succession planning process led by our board of directors.
      