            SERVICES, INC.
A message to the shareholders of Republic Services, Inc.
Dear Fellow Shareholder:
2005 was a very successful year for Republic Services. We enjoyed solid growth as we worked to improve our operations and enhance our services to our customers. Additionally, we proactively managed increasing costs, including the rise in fuel prices. And importantly, we continued our efforts to develop our team of professionals who are fully committed to adding value to the organization. These efforts have laid the foundation for what we believe will be more improvement in 2006 and beyond.
As part of our commitment to increasing shareholder value, we made a strong financial showing, delivering record revenue and earnings in 2005. For the full year, we earned a $1.75 per share. Revenue grew 5.8 percent to more than $2.8 billion. And our net income grew 6.6 percent to $253.7 million.
We continued to return value to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In 2005, we repurchased 16.3 million shares, or approximately 11 percent of our shares outstanding at the end of 2004. Since the inception of our share repurchase program, we have applied $1.3 billion to buy back 51.5 million shares, or approximately 29 percent of our outstanding shares at the commencement of the program.
Additionally, as shareholders you should be pleased that we increased our annual dividend by approximately 17 percent to 56 cents per share (effective October 2005).
In January 2006, Forbes magazine recognized Republic as a member of its Platinum 400 — a list of America’s Best Big Companies. In the same issue, we were recognized as a top ten performer in the Business Services category based on a five-year total return to shareholders. We were also honored in February 2006 when Institutional Investor magazine named Republic as the Most Shareholder-Friendly Company in the “Environmental Services” category. This recognition by Forbes and Institutional Investor reflects the high quality of Republic’s people who are dedicated to fulfilling our mission.
Looking ahead, we will continue to work hard to merit the distinction of being among the nation’s best companies. And we will do so by concentrating on the basics: great service, skilled employees, effective controls, thorough planning and strong execution.
Our business objectives for 2006 are straightforward and clear:
• We will continue to increase prices where appropriate in order to improve margins, return on capital and free cash flow.
• Republic will evaluate opportunities for improving individual market positions and vertical integration of our services. This will include looking at acquisitions, landfill expansion projects and asset exchanges with the same disciplined approach that we have used in the past.
• We will continue to use our “CustomerFirst” program to help grow our business and ensure that we are a company that is easy to do business with.
• Wewillcontinuetotrainanddevelopourpeople—theverybestinourindustry—toensurethat they are equipped to perform at their highest capabilities.
Our Company theme in 2006 is “Adding Value at Every Stop.” This effort goes across all functions and disciplines in Republic. Internally, we want to be sure we are fully utilizing all of our resources. And externally, we must be certain that every level of our organization is providing greater value to our customers.

This year, we intend to meet our customers’ needs and excel at service quality by “adding value at every stop.” Our entire team of 13,000 people knows that the good work we do at the curb, in the alley, on the loading dock and at the transfer station and landfill is the real road to achievement.
We know the importance of managing waste responsibly and serving our customers in a friendly, professional manner. We understand great service relies on a great workforce. That is why we maintain our special focus on improving the Republic team through an emphasis on training, safety, mentoring, leadership development and recruitment.
We believe that the combination of our integrated services, operating infrastructure, technology, financial strength and, of course, people provide a strong basis for future growth and added shareholder value. Republic’s people are committed to meeting our goals and adhering to our core principles of integrity, trust, and teamwork. That is what will set us apart in our industry and help us to “add value at every stop.”
We thank you for your confidence in Republic and our team. We know we must work hard to earn your faith in us, and that is why we will remain focused every day on adding value to this great company.
Sincerely,
James E. O’Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 30, 2006
 