   Fellow Stockholders:
Over the last several years, Republic Services has taken important steps to strengthen our foundation and position us well for future growth opportunities. Each year, our business plan advances our multi-year initiatives designed to profitably grow the business, improve service delivery, and manage our cost structure. 2013 was no exception.
We executed our strategic plan to create long-term shareholder value, while leveraging an improving economy to report the first full year of positive volume performance in seven years. We delivered strong financial results that exceeded our full year guidance for adjusted earnings per share and adjusted free cash flow. After reinvesting in the business, and consistent with our underlying approach to cash utilization, we returned a majority of free cash flow to our shareholders. In fact, we have returned approximately $2 billion to our shareholders over the last three years.
We are extremely pleased with our achievements, motivated by our outlook going forward, and ever grateful for our employees’ tireless dedication to achieving success.
Staying the Course:
Investing in the Core Business
Last year, we invested approximately $82 million in acquisitions for a post-synergy EBITDA purchase multiple of approximately four-and-a-half times. These transactions were tuck-in acquisitions in existing markets with annual revenue of approximately $60 million. We anticipate maintaining a steady pace of
acquisition investment of approximately $100 million per year.
We also were awarded several privatizations of municipal solid waste services during 2013, with total annual revenue of approximately $11 million. These are profitable growth opportunities for Republic Services while lowering costs and mitigating risks for the municipalities we serve.
We exited 2013 with 66 percent of our residential routes now automated, expanding our ongoing commitment to creating a safer work environment, improving driver productivity, and enhancing the customer experience. Cost savings generated from the addition of 1,000 automated trucks over the last three years was approximately $12 million.
To date, approximately 45 percent of our fleet has completed and been certified under our OneFleet maintenance initiative. We expect that 50 percent of the fleet will be certified by mid-2014, at which point we will begin realizing benefits. Additionally, we expect to cost-effectively extend the useful life of our fleet by one year, reducing future capital requirements by approximately $200 million over a four-to-five year period beginning in 2015.
Stewarding our Blue PlanetTM:
Expanding Environmental Outcomes
We remain committed stewards of the planet’s natural resources, finding opportunities to reduce our footprint, while expanding capabilities to meet customers’ evolving needs and generate returns. In
Message from
Don Slager, President & CEO

2013, our recycling volume grew 8.5 percent, primarily due to recent investments made in strategic markets. We anticipate further investment in select and prioritized markets.
We continued to invest in our compressed natural gas (CNG) fleet and natural gas infrastructure, with 12 percent of our fleet now operating on natural gas. CNG creates a cleaner environment for the communities we serve, while lowering our costs. During 2013, about 50 percent of the trucks purchased were fueled by CNG.
Growing Employee Engagement
All of our 31,000 employees are vital links in the chain that delivers an exceptional customer experience. Strong engagement also goes hand in hand with having a diverse workforce and inclusive work environment.
We define inclusion as actively and intentionally creating an environment in which all individuals are welcomed and valued. In 2013, we launched the MOSAIC Council (Mission of Supporting an Inclusive Culture), an internal advisory group made up of representatives from across geographies and functional areas to oversee the development of strategy and activities that result in a more diverse workforce and more inclusive environment.
With drivers making up nearly 50 percent of our workforce, they are both the life blood of our company and a critical touch point with our customers. We celebrate driver achievements regularly, particularly when they are recognized as the industry’s best. Over the last four years, Republic drivers have been recognized 10 out of 12 times as “Driver of the Year” for their safety and performance records by the National Waste & Recycling Association, more than any other company.
2014: Looking Ahead
We have the right focus, the right approach and the right team in place to build off our momentum in 2014. Our strategy remains dedicated to generating cash flow growth and improved returns on invested capital. We are steadfast in our commitment to an
effective cash utilization strategy, which includes increasing cash returns to our stockholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Looking ahead, we expect to enhance revenue quality through a targeted market approach, improved pricing tools that enhance both sales and service level transactions, and service offerings that differentiate Republic Services, expand our reach, and build customer loyalty. Plus, with a strong commitment across the organization to magnify our customer- focused approach, we will create greater value for all stakeholders.
We will continue to manage our cost structure through programs designed to achieve operational excellence, including efficiencies gained through fleet automation, CNG conversion and standardized maintenance practices.
Along with many industry veterans in our ranks, we have recently strengthened our expertise in such crucial areas as customer service, revenue management, recycling and diversion, alliance development, talent acquisition, and procurement. These individuals, together with everyone from our field leadership to our front-line employees, are committed to creating an even stronger company in 2014.
My sincere thanks to all of our employees for their collaboration and dedication to service excellence, to our customers for the opportunity to serve them, to our Board of Directors for their insightful leadership, and to our stockholders for your continued investment and trust in Republic Services.
We are all committed to delivering for you.
Donald W. Slager
President and Chief Executive Officer
 