                  FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,
As I reflect on 2012, it can be best defined as a year
in Republic’s history when we took strategic steps to strengthen our foundation in preparation for growth
and innovation in 2013 and beyond. Despite a less
than favorable economy, we executed on our long-term strategy and maintained our track record of generating strong cash flow from the business. Consistent with our balanced approach to cash utilization, we reinvested in the business and returned a significant portion of free cash flow to our stockholders. This included dividends of $329 million and share repurchases of $325 million.
We are extremely pleased with the progress we have made and value our employees’ hard work that contributed to our 2012 successes.
Our strategy has not changed. It is designed to generate cash flow growth and improve returns on invested capital.
DELIVERING STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
We delivered adjusted free cash flow of $768 million and closed the year with a total stockholder return of 9.9%. Additionally, we proudly returned $654 million in total cash to our stockholders during the year, a cash yield of 6.3%.
In the second half of 2012, we experienced two sequential quarters of core price improvement. This was an encouraging indicator as we entered 2013. We expect full year 2013 price to exceed our 2012 performance.
We also delivered positive results from initiatives to
grow the business, including positive unit growth in
all collection lines of business while maintaining high levels of customer retention. We believe this is a positive indicator that there is some level of economic stability and improvement occurring in the marketplace. And, our marketing efforts are beginning to take hold.
INCREASING EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT AND PRODUCTIVITY
Strong company performance begins with employees who believe—believe in the company and in the role they play to deliver results. In 2012, we optimized
our organization to ensure we have the right people
in the right roles to achieve our goals. This means
more accountability, wider spans of control and more meaningful work for everyone. We strengthened our internal performance management system, improved our learning and development capabilities, and simplified business processes and decision making so all employees are working to achieve “The Republic Way.”
INVESTING IN THE BUSINESS
We completed approximately $100 million in acquisitions in 2012, which was our highest investment in four
years. These acquisitions have annual run rate revenue of approximately $65 million and an expected annual EBITDA contribution of approximately $23 million.
Our financial flexibility enables us to complete these accretive transactions and gives us the capacity we need to pursue future deals.
We finished 2012 with 62% of our residential routes now being automated, single-operator trucks. Operating an automated fleet is more than increasing productivity. It also greatly increases driver safety and engagement, broadens our driver recruitment demographic, and improves customer experience.
ENVIRONMENTALLY RESPONSIBLE INVESTMENTS
We are focused on being good stewards of the planet. Republic has a substantial recycling business and we intend to continue expanding our capabilities in this growing segment. We believe that waste streams from recycling and diverted materials will continue to grow. Two years ago, we identified 25 of our existing markets that we could invest in to build our recycling capacity. We are doing this by expanding into three to five of these markets per year. In 2012, we made improvements at three existing recycling facilities, opened a new facility in Jacksonville, Florida, and broke ground on a new single-stream facility in Dallas.
We are also pleased with the strides we have made in gradually converting our fleet to natural gas. Natural gas allows us to take advantage of the cost savings
of running a fleet on this clean alternative fuel source. Approximately 55% of our vehicle purchases during 2012 were vehicles fueled by natural gas. Further, we added seven fueling stations to our portfolio giving us
a total of 21 stations, four of which we share with our municipal partners to help gain a wider acceptance and use of this abundant alternative fuel.
    
                2013 – A CONTINUED STEADFAST AND FOCUSED PACE OF CHANGE
Our strategy has not changed. It is designed to generate cash flow growth and improve returns on invested capital. We remain committed to an effective cash flow utilization strategy that includes increasing cash returns to our stockholders through share repurchases and dividends.
To deliver on this strategy and to create value for all stakeholders, in 2013 we are focusing our attention on what we do best. This includes executing our long- term plan of profitably growing and operating our North American solid waste and recycling businesses. We will accomplish this by continuing our pricing programs and utilizing our return on investment-based tools. We will grow the business through sales, acquisitions and investments in recycling processing capability. We also will enhance the customer experience by continuously improving our service delivery and differentiating our service offerings.
We continue to manage our cost structure through programs designed to gain operational efficiencies, including fleet automation, CNG conversion and standardized maintenance practices.
Most importantly, we will continue investing in our people, building our talent and improving team engagement.
As we have demonstrated year after year, our strategy and performance are solid. We have consistently demonstrated the strength of our core business, and executing our strategy will ensure we maintain our
2012 SUCCESSES:
position as a market leader. I believe with a lot of focused determination over the next few years, we can earn five stars – from our employees, customers and stockholders – if we continue to be guided by just one: our Republic Star.
My deepest thanks go to our employees for their unwavering focus on teamwork and showing our customers that we work for them, to our customers for the opportunity to serve them, to our Board of Directors for their wisdom and counsel, and to our stockholders for your continued investments and trust.
We are all committed to delivering for you.
Don Slager
President & Chief Executive Officer
       $768M in Adjusted Free Cash Flow $654M in Cash Returned to Stockholders $329M in Dividends
$325M in Share Repurchases
$100M in Strategic Acquisitions
