                                                         Table of Contents 1 Letter to Stakeholders
4 Government and Defense
Financial flexibility
Customer-Focused Leadership
5 Missile Systems
Raytheon achieved a solid performance overall in 2002 from continuing operations. Operating cash flow from continuing operations was nearly double our initial plan. While we still have challenges, the achievements are real and are part of an ongoing transformation that began four years ago. We’ve changed the nature of the company. This letter will tell you how far we’ve come and will describe the strategy we’re pursuing now to build for the future.
6 Integrated Defense Systems
Following the defense industry’s merger and acquisition activity of the mid-1990s, from which Raytheon emerged as a top tier competitor, the company’s combined net debt rose to more than $13 billion during 1998. We had to reduce the debt, and by the end of 2002, it had been cut to $6.9 billion. This was a function of driving Raytheon Six Sigma disci- plines throughout the company by engaging the entire workforce to systematically identify and eliminate whatever gets in the way of productivity and profitable growth; disposing of non-essential businesses; and issuing equity. Our balance sheet is now much stronger, and that gives us the resources and flexibility to grow faster than our markets.
7 Intelligence and Information Systems
Working through challenges Transformation
8 Space and Airborne Systems
Sharpening the defense focus
9 Network Centric Systems
At the same time, Raytheon has sharpened its focus on defense, shifting the strategic profile of the company from a diversified industrial company to more of a defense company, espe- cially strong in defense electronic systems and services. We have identified four Strategic Business Areas in defense – Missile Defense; Precision Engagement; Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance; and Homeland Security – which reflect key defense priorities of our customers and a number of our world-class capabilities.
10 Homeland Security
In 2002, we announced a reorganization of our government and defense businesses. The new leaner organization, a natural evolution of a process to remove management layers and bureaucracy, gives these businesses even greater alignment with our customers – and greater accountability to do what’s needed to grow and prosper.
11 Raytheon Technical Services Company LLC
Bill Swanson, who headed our largest defense business under the old structure, was named president of the company in July 2002 and leader of the reorganized government and defense businesses. He is one of the most experienced and respected defense business leaders in the world.
12 Raytheon Aircraft Company
14 International
Raytheon’s first goal is the Customer. Our customers are not ambiguous about what they want from us; we ask them and they tell us. They want us to listen. They want us to provide solutions – not just products or technology. They want us to provide the best of what our entire company has to offer, as one company. They want us to be partners, to worry about what they worry about, to feel the buy-in, the knot in the stomach they feel when commit- ments are on the line. They want quality. They want us to be credible in our commitments – not to be unrealistic. They want us to execute and deliver on our promises. If something goes wrong, they want us to identify the problem, get to the root cause, and fix it – fast and correctly. And they want us to follow through, to make sure it stays fixed.
15 Corporate Governance and Commitment
16 Investor Information
17 Board of Directors, Leadership Team, and Additional Company Leaders
Dan Burnham
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Sharpening the defense focus Sharpening the customer focus Raytheon Six SigmaTM success Employee focus
Dear Fellow Stakeholders:
Raytheon’s values
February 20, 2003
Financial flexibility
Sharpening the customer focus
1

                     Vision
Here’s what we have done to focus on the customer:
• Reorganized our government and defense businesses to align the company with the
Fair enough, you say, but what happens when the integrity of a company’s own products is called into question, or its organization is being investigated, or it is engaged in contentious litigation? To me, that’s the moment of truth; that’s the test of all the hard work, team building, leadership, and integrity. That’s when the Board of Directors, the chief executive officer, and his or her Leadership Team must stay true to their values.
Strategic Business Areas
To be the most admired defense and aerospace systems supplier through world-class people and technology
critical needs and missions of our customers;
• Emphasized “One Company” customer solutions through our Strategic Business Areas;
• Launched a customer-focused initiative built on the pillars of performance, relationships,
Strategy
the results so far are quite encouraging;
• Implemented disciplined processes – the Integrated Product Development System,
The company has its challenges. The discontinued engineering and construction business has been a drain, contributing to our net loss position for 2002. We’re working through the challenges of completing these projects. The company also faces a persistently difficult aviation market. However, we have a strong and proven aircraft management team in place, and I am pleased with Raytheon Aircraft’s performance in meeting its commitments for the year. We intend to again intensely manage Raytheon Aircraft in the face of extremely difficult markets going forward.
Achieve above market growth in our four Strategic Business Areas:
Missile Defense; Precision Engagement; Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance; and Homeland Security
the Earned Value Management System, Capability Maturity Model®, and Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI®) – to deliver greater value and predictability to our customers;
Missile Defense
Earn the customer’s confidence as a company that listens, anticipates, responds, and performs – a Customer-Focused Marketing company
We initiated Raytheon Six Sigma four years ago, and today it is firmly established. Raytheon Six Sigma has achieved a cumulative gross benefit of some $1.8 billion in its first four years. So far, 14,000 employees have been trained as Raytheon Six Sigma Specialists and 1,100 as Experts. Raytheon Six Sigma operates on a very simple principle: envision the desired end state, define the current state, then fill the gap. This is how our employees seek to meet our customers’ needs and grow our company.
It’s been quite a ride over the last few years as Raytheon has moved from a diversified industrial company to the defense company we are today. While the ride’s not over yet, as the engineering and construction situation shows, it’s amazing how far we’ve come. But we’re not looking back. We’re looking ahead to the opportunities we see for our company, and we are using our values as our guide.
Restore Raytheon Aircraft to preeminence in aviation, showcasing the Beechcraft® and Hawker® brands
Raytheon strives to treat people with respect and dignity, to welcome diversity and diverse opinions, to help our fellow employees improve their skills, to recognize and reward accom- plishment, and to foster teamwork and collaboration. I am pleased to report that the compa- ny has made progress in all of these areas.
Raytheon’s employees provide systems for our men and women in uniform, support air-traffic controllers around the world, make business and special mission aircraft, provide support services for scientists in the Antarctic, and develop systems to defend against missile attack.
Continually demonstrate operational excellence through Raytheon Six Sigma
We’ve enhanced communications throughout the company at all levels of the organization. We’ve implemented contemporary practices to evaluate, attract, promote, and retain our tal- ent. We’ve strengthened Raytheon’s commitment to learning, including our commitment to executive education. More than 3,800 Raytheon managers have graduated from executive programs since we ramped up strategic learning for Raytheon leaders in 1999.
We know what’s at stake.
We feel it in our hearts every day. Sincerely,
Work as “One Company” to leverage our strengths in technology, integration, and services for superior customer solutions
Four years ago, we embarked on a program to increase the diversity of our workforce – because diverse groups make better decisions. Today, there is a new energy in the company. Employee surveys show we are approaching benchmark levels in employee attitudes toward supervisors’ commitment to diversity, employee confidence in supervisors, and career develop- ment. Moreover, the vast majority of Raytheon employees surveyed say the company is com- mitted to conducting its business ethically.
Build a global presence
Goals for 2003
Daniel P. Burnham
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Customer Growth
Raytheon’s values are People, Integrity, Commitment, and Excellence. We’ve already talked about People, Commitment, and Excellence in the context of the changes of the last few years. Let’s turn to Integrity. We expect our employees to be honest, forthright, and trustworthy; to use straight talk, with no hidden agendas; to respect ethics, law, and regulation.
People Productivity
and solutions – Bill Swanson will say more about this in his letter that follows mine;
• Established regular surveying of our customers to monitor and measure our success –
Working through challenges
• Encouraged our people to go study and learn with the customer, and invited customers to work with us to enhance their success, especially by using Raytheon Six Sigma.
Raytheon Six Sigma success
Raytheon begins 2003 with a strong defense portfolio focused on the customers’ priorities, with contemporary business practices, and with a clear, focused strategy. We’re continuing our con- centration on productivity and working capital management. We’re cutting waste in the supply chain. We’re building on our foundation.
Employee focus
Precision Engagement
Raytheon’s values
Raytheon’s values are also reflected in our corporate governance practices. The Board has put a lot of effort into these practices, including the appointment of a lead director. We believe we have fully contemporary Board practices in line with New York Stock Exchange standards and proposals and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Homeland Security
23
Transformation
Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance
