 Dear Fellow Shareholders,
My 31 years with Raytheon have instilled in me a deep pride for what we do for our customers. Driven by purpose, we act as one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place. Therefore, on behalf of the Raytheon team worldwide, I am proud to present this record of Raytheon’s performance during 2014.
Raytheon continued to deliver solid financial results in 2014, despite a challenging environment, and I am pleased with our overall performance. Bookings, operating income and earnings were all up compared to 2013, and cash flow was strong. In 2014, we had solid net sales of $22.8 billion, and bookings totaled $24.1 billion. Our full-year 2014 EPS from continuing operations was $6.97, operating income was $3.2 billion, and operating cash flow from continuing operations was $2.1 billion after a $600 million pretax discretionary pension plan contribution. At the end of 2014,
our backlog was $33.6 billion, and the funded backlog was $23.1 billion. Confidence in these results led
to Raytheon’s stock outperforming the Standard
& Poor’s 500 index again in 2014, the fourth consecutive year.
As stewards for our shareholders, we continued to drive our balanced capital deployment strategy. For the full-year 2014, the company repurchased 7.7 million shares of common stock for $750 million. Additionally, we increased our dividend by 10 percent in 2014–our 10th consecutive year with an increase.
Given the global threat environment, our international strategy continues to be a strength. I have heard again and again from customers I have met with around the world that national security remains a top priority. As a result, our international bookings in 2014 increased by 27 percent compared to 2013, and our backlog at the end of 2014 included 40 percent international business. A case in point, we added the 13th country to the global PatriotTM family with the $2.4 billion award to provide the State of Qatar with the Patriot Air and Missile Defense System.
In 2014, we had solid net sales of $22.8 billion, and bookings totaled $24.1 billion.”
 
Global Demand for Our Advanced Solutions
Our strong bookings reflect the demand for
our diverse range of advanced solutions from our domestic and international customers. This was evidenced by our many key contracts, competitive awards and technology achievements during the year. Furthermore, to stay aligned with our customers’ priorities for the long term, we continue to make investments in game-changing technologies that differentiate our solutions in the marketplace.
MISSILE DEFENSE: In the area of Missile Defense, the continued momentum for our combat-proven Patriot system also included a $655 million contract to provide Kuwait with two new-production Patriot fire units and a $160 million award to provide Patriot Guidance Enhanced Missile-Tactical (GEM-T) missiles for another international customer. Our many successful tests in 2014 included the Standard Missile-6 destroying a target in the longest-distance surface-to-air strike in naval history, the Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle ground-based interceptor with the latest hardware and software upgrades, and the first flight test
of the Standard Missile-3 from the Aegis Ashore weapon system. We also booked $634 million for the SM-3® for the Missile Defense Agency, and the U.S. Navy deployed the second-generation SM-3 Block IB for the first time.
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS, COMPUTERS, INTELLIGENCE, SURVEILLANCE AND RECONNAISSANCE: We further strengthened our leading position in C4ISR systems when the U.S. Air Force selected Raytheon in the competitions for both the Family of Advanced Beyond Line of Sight Terminals (FAB-T) program and the Three-
Dimensional Expeditionary Long-Range Radar program. Additionally, the Federal Aviation Administration awarded us $350 million to modernize air traffic control centers at 135 airports with our Standard Terminal Automation System platform, and the U.S. Army began an exercise in the National Capitol Region with our JLENS tethered radar blimp, which can detect cruise missile, drone and airplane threats at extremely long ranges.
CYBERSECURITY: In the cyber market, we are winning new business and seeing significant opportunities developing both domestically and internationally as we seek to unlock the value of our cyber capabilities to meet the growing global demand. For instance, we booked a $260 million award for an international cyber program during the year. We further enhanced our capabilities by acquiring Blackbird Technologies–strengthening our offerings in persistent surveillance, secure mobile communications and cybersecurity solutions in intelligence and special operations markets.
In the cyber market, we are winning new business and seeing significant opportunities developing both domestically and internationally.”
 
 Given the global threat environment, our international strategy continues to be a strength. I have heard again and again from customers I have met with around the world that national security remains a top priority.”
ELECTRONIC WARFARE: For more than 50 years, our jammers, decoys and other electronic warfare products have earned a worldwide reputation for performance and reliability. Now we are innovating to develop the next generation of EW systems such as the Next Generation Jammer. In 2014 we established a new electronic warfare mission area, which combines technologies and capabilities
to support our customers’ future vision of EW, including mission solutions that access and control the electromagnetic spectrum and equip them with the strategic advantage to operate unimpeded in the modern threat environment.
PRECISION WEAPONS: In a new era of warfare, our precision weapons are accomplishing the mission with a level of accuracy once only imagined. Our systems incorporate satellite navigation, laser guidance, high-definition radars, advanced seekers and other technologies to continually enhance their capabilities. Notable awards in this area included $893 million for our tube-launched, optically tracked, wireless-guided (TOW®) missiles for the U.S. Army, U.S. Marines and international customers, $706 million for AMRAAM® for the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy and international customers, and $316 million for Tomahawk® for the U.S. Navy and international customers.
TRAINING AND SERVICES: In 2014, Raytheon captured large new awards that build upon
our leadership in training, design, contract manufacturing and other services for customers worldwide. Canada awarded us a contract to operate and maintain 47 radar sites across the Arctic for the North Warning System that supplies tracking data to the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD). The U.S. Air Force awarded a joint venture of Raytheon and General Dynamics a $1.5 billion contract with nine additional one-year options to operate, maintain and sustain launch ranges at Florida’s Space Coast and Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.
Achieving Competitive Advantage
Having advanced technology is a key discriminator; providing it at an affordable cost is just as crucial. To that end, we continue to aggressively implement lean manufacturing initiatives. We are executing our strategic sourcing plan across our supply chain. We are optimizing our global shared services and pursuing operational excellence via commercial best practices. We are reducing our footprint. The bottom line is that we are focused on driving cost savings and affordability for customers and returns for shareholders, which enables us to drive competitive advantage.

 We continue to make investments in game-changing technologies that differentiate our solutions in the marketplace.”
Committed to Our Core Values
We also believe that we gain a competitive advantage from our strong company culture–a culture firmly rooted in our vision and values, which emphasize trust, respect, collaboration, innovation and accountability.
When our vision and values are put into action, they inspire our team to impressive results and recognition in areas such as ethics and integrity; diversity and inclusion; health and safety; and corporate responsibility. We were awarded the 2014 Corporate Leadership Award by Transparency International–USA for our commitment to shape initiatives that promote high business standards, transparency, and anti-corruption in the U.S. and internationally. We were named one of the 2014 Global Aon Hewitt Top Companies for Leaders and a 2015 Best Place to Work by the Human Rights Campaign–marking the 10th year in a row we have achieved a 100-percent rating. We achieved the best safety record in our history, significantly reducing both lost workdays and recordable injuries. We received the ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence Award from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. We were also recognized as one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens
by Corporate Responsibility Magazine. To continue as a recognized leader in these areas, we know we need to continue to build on these successes.
Ready for the Future
In summary, we had another great year at Raytheon in 2014, and we have a solid outlook for the future. Our strong position owes much to the dedicated service and leadership of William H. Swanson, who stepped down from the Raytheon Board of Directors in September 2014, after serving more than a decade as our chairman and CEO. We are deeply indebted to Bill for all he did for our company, customers and shareholders during his 42 years with Raytheon. We would not be the company we are today without him, and we wish him all the best for the future.
As we look ahead, we will continue our focus on top-line growth, investing in innovative technologies, building on our capabilities and maximizing shareholder value.
I want to thank the Raytheon team worldwide for making it all possible. Like me, they are proud of what they do every day, for our company, customers and shareholders.
Thomas A. Kennedy Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer March 2015
  