 JURE SOLA RANDY W. FURR
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
5
      Letter to our shareholders, customers, suppliers, associates and friends:
Fiscal 2004 was a year of accomplishments on many key fronts as we emerged from the worst technology downturn in history. We strengthened our balance sheet, expanded our global foot- print in three key low-cost regions, improved the quality of our services and delivered on our ODM initiatives. Yet, reaching these milestones is just the beginning. There is still much work to be done.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
We once again turned in record revenues, achieving sales of $12.2 billion for the year, up nearly 18% from the previous year. The revenue gain was primarily driven by increased demand from our existing customers in the communications, computing and multimedia markets. At the same time, we made improve- ments in both our gross and operating margins. On a non-GAAP basis, our operating margins for the year improved from 1.4%
to 2.1%. We continued to tighten our spending and realign
our facilities, which are reflected in our year-end non-GAAP earnings per share that rose to $0.24, up from $0.06 last year.
Revenue is growing and we are clearly benefiting from our customer-focused strategy implemented nearly three years ago. We continue to serve diverse end markets and deliver the quality our customers expect, which have now become the hallmarks for our organization and vertical-integration business model. As a result, we ended the year with a strong balance sheet as cash
and short-term investments were approximately $1.1 billion.
Financial achievements included a year-over-year improvement in our DSO, which improved to 49 days on average for the year compared to 52 days in the prior year. We also posted a full turn improvement in our average inventory turns to 10.5x. These improvements together reduced our average cash cycle days to
30 from 39 days, helping us to generate positive operating cash flow of $194 million.
Each of these milestones represents our commitment to creating shareholder value by further improving our mission to deliver quality end-to-end solutions to technology companies around the world. Even more, these milestones provide the momentum for future success and growth. Notwithstanding these advancements, we still have more improvements to make.
INCREASING OPERATING EFFICIENCIES
During 2004, we took many steps forward to meet our customers’ demands for increased efficiencies, improved time-to-market and superior quality. From design to component manufacturing, full- system assembly, and logistics and post-manufacturing end-of- life services, we realigned our organization and created dedicated design and engineering, manufacturing, supply chain and logistics teams tailored to each of the targeted end markets we serve. These are diverse and robust end markets, and Sanmina-SCI has a unique strategic advantage in the areas of advanced technology, product innovation, quality manufacturing, supply chain management and customer relationships.
  SANMINA-SCI
 
6
     Our 48,000 worldwide employees are dedicated to delivering results, providing customer satisfaction and increasing shareholder value.
 This year, in response to market needs, we transferred manufacturing capacity from North America and Western Europe to lower-cost regions in Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America. As a result, we completed the second phase of this optimization plan and will complete the third phase of the plan next year, which will result in a leaner more nimble organization that offers higher utilization of existing capacity. Additionally, we executed well on the details necessary to complete the Pentex-Schweizer Circuits Limited trans- action, enabling us to close the deal early and hit the ground running with respect to this important strategic acquisition. We are begin- ning what will be a multi-phase move into China and other parts of Asia. Pentex-Schweizer, a China- and Singapore-based fabrica- tor of printed circuit boards (PCBs), further solidifies Sanmina- SCI’s advanced PCB technology and services offering, expanding customer end markets and programs today and into the future.
EXPANDING CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIPS
At the same time we expanded our operations in low-cost regions, we also invested in our global technology and manufacturing leadership. We are clear about our goals in this area – that is,
to continually focus on developing best-in-class technologies, processes and performance tailored to the unique requirements of each customer.
Today’s OEM market environment requires that we reduce product cycle time and increase profitability. As a result, OEMs are partnering with EMS providers like Sanmina-SCI to design, deliver, ship and repair their products. Because of our build-to- order (BTO) and configure-to-order (CTO) leadership in the EMS industry, advanced technology leadership and synchronized manufacturing, we have successfully capitalized on this market shift. In fact, a significant portion of our customers rely on our complete end-to-end product life cycle services to improve their operations and bottom line.
Overall, Sanmina-SCI has one of the largest and most talented technical groups in the EMS industry, with more than 3,000 design and engineering professionals strategically located around the world. In addition, our network of New Product Introduction (NPI) centers enable us to work closely with OEMs during early stages of product development, serving as gateways to high- volume manufacturing in Asia, Eastern Europe or Latin America. We further support our customers with world-class facilities
and component technologies, which include PCB fabrication and assembly, backplanes, memory and optical modules, cables, precision machining and enclosures.
ORIGINAL DESIGN AND MANUFACTURE (ODM)
Last year, we launched our ODM program. By designing prod- ucts, we are able to leverage Sanmina-SCI’s vertical integration of components and technologies, and therefore generate higher margins. Newisys®, our ODM enterprise-class server division, finished the year at an annual revenue run-rate of approximately $200 million. OEMs are able to either brand or incorporate our ODM products into their own systems and programs as needed. Our primary focus is to develop more profitable, higher-end products targeted to the enterprise computing and storage, and communications markets. As a result, the ODM segment of our business is one of the fastest growing for Sanmina-SCI and is expected to grow further during fiscal 2005.
LOOKING AHEAD
We are excited about the future. We are committed to focusing on our customers, delivering superior quality, improving all of our operations and getting our various business units of the Company working at optimal efficiency. We realize customer satisfaction drives our business and we are unyielding in our promise to meet their expectations in quality, delivery and performance.
At the same time, we continue to look for ways to improve upon our world-class global infrastructure, low-cost manufacturing presence and capabilities, IT tools, and supply chain and logistics management. The goal of these efforts are the continued improvement of our balance sheet, overall profitability and returns to our investors. With a team of passionate, talented
and dedicated employees, who are committed to flawless service and corporate integrity, we believe we have the momentum for continued success.
Analysts expect the EMS industry to continue to expand.
We believe we are well positioned to exceed industry growth and capture additional customer programs. And while we have reached many significant milestones, we welcome the opportu- nity to meet new challenges, grow our business and manage a world-class organization.
We look forward to addressing you again next year.
  Jure Sola
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Randy W. Furr
President and
Chief Operating Officer
SANMINA-SCI
