       Dear Shareholders,
In Starbucks earliest days, we began a journey to build a different kind of company, one committed to delivering shareholder value while embracing values and guiding principles that served our people, our customers, and the neighborhoods where we did business.
As Starbucks has grown and the world has changed, so have our thoughts about what it means to be “different.” The Third Place concept, for example, is no longer novel; having a respite between home and work is now a way of life. And no more is it enough to provide health insurance and stock ownership to part-time workers, a practice we pioneered; in addition to these benefits, younger generations especially want to be a part of something larger than themselves, and that includes working for employers with a meaningful purpose beyond making a profit.
At the same time, it’s becoming harder for many people to achieve their dreams amid gaps in racial equality and economic uncertainty.
These changes, and an increasingly complex world, have prompted us to think beyond the type of company we want to be and consider the type of company we need to be.
That’s why, at our 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, I posed a more sweeping question: What is the role and responsibility of a for-profit public company?
The heart of this question is a belief that the private sector must begin to hold itself more accountable in ways that include but go beyond fiscal responsibility. More than ever, the fragility of the times we live in requires us—as individuals and as corporate citizens—to extend ourselves in expected and unexpected ways. Companies such
as Starbucks have the financial, intellectual, and human resources to step in and try to create new solutions for a multitude of communities.
In 2015, Starbucks own journey reached new heights. Never before have we brought meaningful value to so many, including record earnings for our shareholders; paid college tuition for our partners; pathways to employment for

veterans and underserved youth; and, as always, a sense of community for our customers. Along the way, we’ve learned what’s possible, and found the courage required to stay the course.
One facet is becoming clear: Redefining our company’s own role and responsibility goes hand in hand with what it means to be a different kind of corporate citizen. In this year’s letter, I humbly frame the discussion of our record-breaking fiscal year in the context of five qualities that, I believe, are required to build a great, enduring company while living up to new responsibilities of corporate citizenship.
Delivering Exceptional Financial Performance
Sustained, profitable growth is the foundation for every successful company.
In fiscal 2015, Starbucks Coffee Company once again delivered outstanding financial performance with record results and record cash returned to shareholders.
For full fiscal 2015, consolidated net revenues grew 17%, to a record $19.2 billion, over last fiscal year. Non-GAAP operating income* was up 19%, to $3.7 billion, over FY14 non-GAAP operating income.
Our non-GAAP operating margin* of 19% expanded 50 basis points compared to FY14 non-GAAP results. And non-GAAP EPS* of $1.58 was an impressive 19% increase more than the previous year’s non-GAAP EPS.
These record financial results provided the ability to reinvest in our business while returning a record $2.4 billion of cash to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks, up more than 50% from 2014 levels.
Globally, we drove 7% rise in comparable store sales and opened 1,677 net new stores in fiscal 2015. Specifically, our Americas segment delivered 7% comp growth, and throughout the China-Asia Pacific region, our new class of company-operated stores are generating record profit. China is already our largest market outside of the U.S., and future investment in the region will secure our premium leadership position. In Japan, following the acquisition
of our company-operated stores, and as we celebrate our 20th anniversary there, we are positioned for growth as never before. In Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA), our improvement efforts are yielding success, as demonstrated by fiscal 2015’s remarkable 14% margin.
We also saw impressive growth beyond our stores. Our Channel Development segment has more than 1 million points of distribution worldwide, including grocery stores, restaurants, hotels, and airplanes. In the at-home category, we are gaining market share, and in Q4, for the first time ever, Starbucks was the share leader in both the premium Roast and Ground and K-Cup® categories. Overall, as we applied ever-more thoughtfulness and discipline, Channel Development grew operating income 17% in fiscal 2015.
Our exceptional performance would not be possible without the dedication and passion of our partners. They deserve our gratitude, and so much more.
Creating a Culture of Opportunity
Doing the right thing for your people is the right thing for your business.
More than 300,000 partners (employees) in 70 countries wear the green apron. Their collective commitment to delivering the highest levels of service, coffee knowledge, and sense of community is core to differentiating the Starbucks brand. In fiscal 2015, we continued to create a world-class partner experience by giving our people more ways to plan and save for their futures, grow their careers, and achieve on the job.
More partners than ever before are now eligible for Bean Stock grants, which in 2015 yielded more than $163 million in pre-tax gains. Through Future Roast 401(k) plan, eligible U.S. partners will now receive a guaranteed 100% match of the first 5% of their contributions each pay period. Also in fiscal 2015, our partners contributed more than $2.5 million to support fellow partners in need through our CUP (Caring Unites Partners) Fund.
* Non-GAAP measure. For GAAP results and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures, please see the table at the end of this letter.

Since Starbucks College Achievement Plan was introduced last year, 4,000 partners have enrolled to receive full-tuition reimbursement for up to four years of online college with Arizona State University.
On the job, we’re empowering our people and enhancing their experience with new digital tools, upgraded technology, customized scheduling, and direct access to support.
These investments in our store partners are not only the right thing to do, they matter more than ever for our business: As consumer behavior continues to shift away from traditional bricks-and-mortar retail, our 23 consec- utive quarters of global comp-store sales growth of 5% or more is directly related to the connection our people have with the company, and the 80 million customers who pass through our stores each week globally.
Today, turnover is down and revenue is up, as more partners stay with Starbucks longer. Partners are also our most important coffee ambassadors, bringing our reason for being to life every day—one beverage at a time.
Honoring the Core
Staying true to your reason for being yields a reservoir of loyalty and trust.
In fiscal 2015, we continued to do an extraordinary job sourcing, roasting, and blending some of the highest- quality arabica coffee in the world.
Brewed coffee and handcrafted beverages performed exceptionally well, while new and improved favorites like Toasted Graham Latte and Pumpkin Spice Latte exceeded expectations in 2015. Holiday in calendar 2015 also saw the return of seasonal favorites like Eggnog Latte, Gingerbread Latte, and Christmas Blend.
With the expansion of the Starbucks Reserve brand, our assortment of rare, small and micro-lot coffees sourced from around the world, we’re strengthening our premium coffee leadership and creating new, spectacular proprietary blends like GravitasTM Blend No. 1, Pantheon Blend No. 1, Micro Blend 11, and Paradeisi Blend No. 1. Starbucks Reserve® coffee is now available in thousands of Starbucks® stores globally, and we’ll go further in bringing Starbucks Reserve® coffees to life with hundreds of educational and immersive Starbucks Reserve® coffee-only stores in key global markets.
One of my personal highlights from fiscal 2015 was the success of the acclaimed Starbucks Reserve® Roastery and Tasting Room in Seattle. This immersive, magical coffee experience has exceeded our expectations in traffic and revenue, and every day attracts people from around the world. Plans to open equally inspiring Roasteries at prime locations in major cities, including more cities in the U.S. and Asia-Pacific, are underway.
Our commitment to ethical sourcing and supporting farmers was further advanced as we announced critical advancements in research and transparency benefiting the entire specialty coffee industry, and verified that
99% of Starbucks Coffee supply chain is ethically sourced. With seven farmer support centers, and an eighth in Mexico scheduled to open in 2016, we continue to promote sustainable, best-farming practices and augment our comprehensive approach to ethical sourcing. To date, more than 1 million farmers and workers on four continents have benefited from our support program, and in 2015 we proactively sought to address a significant threat to coffee farmers—coffee rust, a plant fungus that damages millions of coffee treesper year—by committing to plant one new tree for every bag of coffee purchased in a U.S. store*.
Going forward, our commitment to elevating the coffee experience is a priority as we stay true to our coffee core while continuing to embrace reinvention and renewal.
*For each bag of coffee purchased from participating Starbucks® stores, Starbucks will donate $0.70, the average cost of a coffee tree, to Conservation International to help foster thriving coffee communities. Visit conservation.org/onetree for details.

Innovating Ahead of Customer Expectations
Constantly challenge the status quo.
Seismic shifts in consumer behavior are unfolding at an unrelenting pace. In 2015, exciting innovation throughout Starbucks continued, across disciplines.
Our 23,000+ stores around the world remained a welcome Third Place as we further elevated the in-store experi- ence by incorporating local flavors, adhering to a high environmental standard, and creating stunning new designs inspired by our mission. We also continued to reimagine the retail experience around the world, launching new formats like express stores and drive-thrus.
Today, Starbucks occupies a front-row seat at the intersection of the physical and digital worlds. Our social, digital, and mobile applications are a strategic advantage as they extend our reach, strengthen our connection with customers, and drive profitability. In October 2015, mobile pay accounted for 21% of all transactions in our U.S. company-operated stores, just incredible, and we’re seeing a pattern of swift adoption as we roll out Mobile Order & Pay at participating stores across the U.S., the U.K. and Canada. From payment to original content, Starbucks will maintain our lead by continuing to innovate ahead of expectations.
Digital and mobile innovations also fuel the success of our powerful loyalty program, My Starbucks Rewards (MSR), which has 10+ million members in the U.S., up 28% from FY14, Card loads in the U.S. and Canada alone totaled $5.1 billion in fiscal 2015, up 19% year over year. During holiday in calendar 2015, MSR members enjoyed a chance to win Starbucks for Life.
In our expanding beverage business, we’re seeing ongoing success of our Teavana brand of handcrafted teas, which in fiscal 2015 generated nearly $1 billion of sales throughout our U.S. stores, up 12% over the last year. And, we’re just getting started as we plan to bring Teavana to the China /Asia Pacific and EMEA regions. By applying our unique assets and innovative muscle to the tea category, we will continue to tap tea’s tremendous global opportunity.
Our diverse food program is transforming Starbucks into a destination for meals, snacks, and sweet treats. Revenue from food grew 19% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 alone, led by our breakfast sandwich platform, which has doubled in size from just three years ago. We also completely reimagined holiday in fiscal 2015, a transformation we continued through the most recent holiday season with solid red cups, a beautiful Dot Collec- tion of serveware, and the Gift Card mall.
Constant innovation and a commitment to playing the long game let us make the big bets that are essential for growth. But today more than ever, we know that growth for growth’s sake cannot be our company’s only goal.
Creating Opportunities for Others
Success is best when shared with communities beyond your own.
Starbucks aspiration to be among the world’s most respected brands and admired companies has never been higher, and our strong performance in fiscal 2015 gave us permission to keep exploring more ways to use
our scale for good.
In 2015, Starbucks and more than 35 U.S. companies launched the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative to help build new pathways to employment for America’s “Opportunity Youth,” the 6 million young people not in school or employed, but whose participation in the workforce is key to the economy’s health.
This unprecedented collaboration—among the private sector and local governments, community-based organizations, and foundations—kicked off with job fairs in Chicago and Phoenix. These inspiring events attracted thousands of eager young people, who received job offers, training and connected with local support organiza- tions. Long term, in addition to hiring 100,000 Opportunity Youth, the coalition aims to create a blueprint so more young people in cities across America can achieve their potential.

We also recognize that America’s veterans and military spouses have made some of the biggest sacrifices to protect and serve our country, and possess skills and leadership qualities that businesses and communities need. Unfortunately, transitioning into the civilian workforce remains a challenge for too many, and in 2015 Starbucks and I reached out to serve our veterans by committing to hire at least 10,000 veterans and military spouses by 2018, and by writing the book For Love of Country: What Our Veterans Can Teach Us About Citizenship, Heroism, and Sacrifice. The widely acclaimed book profiles post-911 veterans’ challenges and achievements on the battlefield as well as at home, and has been credited with advancing understanding about America’s veteran community.
In 2015, Starbucks also refused to be a bystander by embracing our role as a catalyst for conversation and empathy. Internally, we held nearly a dozen Open Forums–near Ferguson, Missouri, in Chicago, and elsewhere– so our partners would have an opportunity to share their own experiences around issues related to race. The emotion, insight, and human connection these gatherings generated encouraged us to extend the conversation in our stores, and while the execution and reaction were not what we hoped, we remain proud that our intentions sparked much needed dialogue.
We also brought Bryan Stevenson’s acclaimed memoir Just Mercy into select U.S. Starbucks® stores to showcase his powerful perspective on inequality of opportunity. Well-received, the book represented another way we are trying to stimulate conversation in meaningful ways.
As they have for decades, our store partners volunteered actively in their communities, and this past year we focused our collective energies on serving youth around the globe. In fiscal 2015 alone, some 88,000 partners spent almost 350,000 hours donating time, talent, and energy to some 5,000 community projects–ultimately impacting more than 200,000 young people around the globe.
As we begin fiscal 2016, Starbucks is driven by a greater sense of purpose than ever before. Not growth for growth’s sake, our aim is to achieve meaningful results that include but go beyond shareholder value. In the process, we hope we are showing the world what’s possible when for-profit public companies go beyond what is expected and also do what is right—and what is in their hearts.
Thank you all for another year of support, and for continuing to join us on this incredible journey.
Warm regards,
chairman and
chief executive officer
  