 Dear Shareholders,
On almost every level, fiscal 2011 was a remarkable year for Starbucks. Our global business delivered the highest levels of service to our customers, a truly rewarding experience to our partners (employees), and a record-level performance to shareholders. As of the end of calendar 2011, Starbucks stock price had increased 43 percent from a year earlier.
What’s more, we achieved this success without losing sight of our core values. I cannot think of a more authentic way to have honored our 40th Anniversary than by living up to our long-held mission of balancing profitability with a social conscience. This is such a powerful coupling, and I say with confidence that Starbucks has never been so well positioned for profitable growth.
Last year, I wrote to you that the company’s improved operational foundation, invigorated innovative muscle,
and heightened customer relevance presented us with an opportunity to build a different kind of organization.
One that would leverage and extend our strengths both inside and outside our stores. I am pleased to report that in fiscal 2011 we delivered.
During the past year global revenues reached a record $11.7 billion, an 11 percent increase on a comparable 52-week basis. That revenue growth was driven by an 8 percent rise in global comparable store sales as Starbucks stores welcomed more visitors than ever before—approximately 60 million each week—and by growth in CPG revenues. By leveraging efficiencies and tightly managing spend, we flowed sales increases through to the bottom line,
setting new records for operating income of $1.7 billion, up 22 percent, as well as for consolidated operating margin, which was 14.8 percent, up 150 basis points from last year.
We ended fiscal 2011 with record earnings per share of $1.62, up 31 percent from last year’s $1.24 per share. Through share repurchases and dividends, we returned approximately $945 million to shareholders, more than doubling the amount returned in fiscal 2010.
It is significant that we achieved these results against the backdrop of stubbornly higher commodity costs and a difficult global economy. Our momentum is also worth noting, as fourth-quarter global same-store sales grew at a rate not seen since 2006.
This strong performance is attributable to our unique business model, which continues to leverage our emotional connection to consumers, our global retail footprint, our diversified CPG channel distribution capabilities and ongoing innovation across all areas.
Breakout, Relevant Innovation in Coffee, CPG and the Customer Experience
In 2011, we continued to evolve into a truly dynamic global organization, offering a portfolio of products to serve customers in our retail stores, at home, at work, on the go and online. Coffee remains our core and continues to drive our global business, and last year we launched fantastic new products while dramatically improving the ways in which those products reach customers.
Our evolving channel-development strategy continues to extend our portfolio of branded products. Among our most significant moves in 2011 was transitioning our packaged coffee business in-house to a direct distribution model, allowing us to take control of our powerful relationship with grocery, drugstore, club and other sales channels. In addition, our continued growth of Starbucks VIA® Ready Brew and fiscal 2012 launch of K-Cup® packs position us
to lead in the multibillion-dollar single-cup category. By the end of December, more than 103 million Starbucks® K-Cup® packs had already been shipped to U.S. food, drug, mass, club and specialty retailers. Meanwhile, Starbucks VIA® continued its acceleration, with an expanded platform of Starbucks VIA® branded products at 70,000 points of distribution generating $250 million in systemwide sales in fiscal 2011, a remarkable achievement for a product less
than two years old.
In these ways and more, fiscal 2011 was a breakout year for CPG, which remains on track to one day rival the profitability of our retail business.
In our stores, new products continued to generate excitement as well as sales. Personalized Frappuccino® blended beverages launched across the globe, and we just introduced Starbucks® Blonde Roast in the United States, providing a light roast coffee that—along with K-Cup® packs and Starbucks VIA®—each represents another $1 billion opportunity for the company. In food, we answered consumers’ desire for more choices with wholesome ingredients by introducing our Bistro Box platform, and response has been strong.
Our loyalty program also continues to distinguish us from competitors, with participation in My Starbucks RewardsTM now reaching more than 3.6 million active members. The 20 million mobile payments made at Starbucks stores in fiscal 2011—plus another six million by December’s end—were fueled by our hugely popular Starbucks Card Apps for the AndroidTM and iPhone,® once again reflecting our ability to respond to the constantly changing marketplace in ways that strengthen our connections with customers.

Among our most exciting moves in 2011 was our November entrance into the $1.6 billion super-premium juice segment through the acquisition of Evolution Fresh, Inc., which also represents our intentions to more fully enter the $50 billion Health and Wellness sector.
I have always believed that effective innovation is about responding to, predicting and creating customers’ needs while staying true to our core values. In this regard, Starbucks performed exceptionally well in 2011.
Growth on a Global Scale
Around the world, our brand continues to resonate and business continues to grow. We ended fiscal 2011 with more than 17,000 stores in 55 countries.
Our U.S. Retail segment delivered against all operating and performance metrics, and outside North America the number of transactions in our stores continued to accelerate, with disciplined execution enabling us to leverage that growth into higher profits. Looking ahead, China remains on track to become Starbucks second home market, where we currently operate more than 500 stores across 44 Chinese cities and plan to open approximately 150 net new stores in 2012.
Globally, we plan to open 800 net new stores in 2012—including our desire to open our first Starbucks store in India. Additionally, approximately 1,700 existing stores in the United States will be remodeled, and I encourage you to visit our new Times Square flagship store, which is a terrific example of our ongoing retail innovation.
Finally, our global performance is already being enhanced by our new three-region leadership structure, which applies more focused leadership at the helm of each of the Americas, China and Asia Pacific, and EMEA regions, enabling our partners around the world to drive results more effectively to further our worldwide momentum.
Using Scale for Good
One way to measure our incredible success this year is certainly the shareholder value we have built. Our balance sheet has never been stronger and our profits never higher. However, I strongly believe that today’s times require that companies be evaluated by more well-rounded measures.
I still believe that shareholder value must be linked to creating value for a company’s people, value for its customers and— perhaps now more than ever—value for the communities it serves. Balancing profitability and social conscience is as much a part of Starbucks core as coffee. As we continually ask ourselves how we might use our scale for good, we have answered by proactively addressing environmental issues and supporting our partners’ volunteer efforts, among many other things.
Most recently we have focused on the high unemployment plaguing the United States, and I am proud that, as an organization, Starbucks is doing its part while appropriately supporting our business. We added approximately 3,700 net new jobs last year, and plan another 12,500 globally for 2012. But we can do more. That is why, in association with the Opportunity Finance Network, we launched Create Jobs for USA through which our customers can donate toward restarting the nation’s jobs engine through loans to community businesses. In addition to $5 million seeded by The Starbucks Foundation, approximately $2 million has been raised in the first two months and loans have begun flowing to small companies and community businesses across the country. Like Starbucks ethical sourcing, environmental and volunteer efforts, the Create Jobs for USA initiative is right for Starbucks because it authentically reflects the times we live in while being relevant to our brand.
Thank You
Fiscal 2011 was a remarkable year for Starbucks. We powerfully asserted our coffee authority across multiple channels while creatively enhancing the food and beverage experience for our customers, further differentiating ourselves from competitors. These feats are, as always, due to the incredible talent of our nearly 200,000 partners, and I thank them for their dedication to
bringing value to our customers every day in more ways than ever before.
I also thank you, our shareholders, for yet another year of believing in us. Starbucks future has never been brighter. Our foundation never more solid. We are remarkably well positioned to pursue our diversified, multichannel, multibrand business model in the year ahead.
Warm regards,
Howard Schultz
chairman, president and chief executive officer
  Ben Baker/Redux, courtesy of FORTUNE magazine
  