 Dear Shareholders,
When we brought 10,000 partners together in New Orleans last October, Starbucks was at a crossroads. We had just completed a very difficult fiscal 2008, and after 16 years of continuous growth as a public company, we were for the first time talking about slowing growth, store closures and cost reductions. Consumer confidence was approaching all-time lows, and both Wall Street and Main Street were reeling.
In the face of these challenges, we made what many believed to be a controversial decision to invest in our people. For me, the decision was obvious. The core of our brand and of our success for more than three decades has been our partners. Our future growth depends on them, and on staying true to the values that made Starbucks the world-class brand it is today.
At our Leadership Conference, we asked our partners to make a commitment to doing business in a new way. (What you see on the cover of this report is the Commitment Wall—which 10,000 partners from all over North America signed.) We asked them to operate their stores as if they
were their own businesses, to deliver an experience that would engage
our customers and to get involved with their communities as never
before. We also introduced them to new tools and technology we knew
they needed to meet these objectives. Most important, we reenergized
our partners and sent them back to their stores to deliver results.
Our store partners are now better equipped to operate in a different environment, with a renewed focus on what has defined Starbucks
for all these years: our coffee, our customers, our stores and the communities we serve. Starbucks, too, is ready for the realities of today’s difficult business environment, with a relentless focus on remaining true to who we are and on our responsibility to shareholders.
While the year presented us—along with most other retailers—with
significant challenges, it also gave us the best evidence yet that
the Starbucks brand remains relevant and powerful, and that our
customers remain loyal and invested in our success. In spite of the economy, as I write this, Starbucks business fundamentals are strong: we have more than 160,000 partners who handle approximately 50 million transactions every week in our nearly 17,000 stores in 49 countries. We generate strong cash flow and have solid liquidity, and we are executing rigorous cost-containment initiatives to improve our bottom line.
We have a differentiated and diversified revenue mix, including consumer packaged goods (CPG) and foodservice and licensed stores businesses, as well as the Seattle’s Best Coffee brand. Our profitable CPG business is expanding internationally, and the ready-to-drink piece of that business is steadily gaining market share around the world. Customers purchased nearly half a million Starbucks Gold Cards and more than
5 million Starbucks Cards at Costco during the holiday season. They have loaded a record number of dollars on their traditional Starbucks Cards, and we expect to see the results of this throughout fiscal 2009. All of this gives me confidence that Starbucks—unlike many other retailers—has what it takes to endure as a vital part of the fabric of every community and neighborhood where we do business.
In fiscal 2008, we invested in the Starbucks Experience and what we know our customers are looking
for when they visit our stores. We put a significant emphasis on coffee—starting with the launch of
Pike PlaceTM Roast, our new everyday brewed coffee. This emphasis included the introduction of the
TM
Starbucks Mastrena, our new, lower-profile espresso machines, and the purchase of the company that
  
  makes the Clover® brewer, a state-of-the-art single-cup brewing system that allows us to serve the best cup of brewed coffee available anywhere. Our customers also told us they are looking to Starbucks for more in the health and wellness space, and in response, we launched our nutritious VivannoTM Nourishing Blends and extended our breakfast platform with choices like Perfect Oatmeal, one of our most successful food introductions ever.
Not surprisingly, our customers have asked us to reward their loyalty and provide value, and we did just that through our Starbucks Rewards program. Value continues to be key to meeting the needs of our customers, and we have our sights set on more ways to provide it—all while not diminishing our brand, which stands for quality above all else.
Our customers have consistently expressed that they want to be part of something bigger. And to that end, we worked diligently to tell the world exactly what kind of company Starbucks is, and has always been. We launched StarbucksTM Shared Planet,TM our platform for delivering on commitments to the ethical sourcing of coffee,
the environment and the communities we serve. We established significant partnerships with Fair Trade and (PRODUCT) REDTM–both names that influence consumer purchasing behavior in a significant way. We did all of this not just because it’s the right thing to do, but because it’s good business.
Our stores, the iconic third place for meeting friends and family, enjoying a quiet moment alone with a book
or simply finding a familiar place in a strange city, were also a focus this year, but in a different way. We have taken a more disciplined approach to managing our existing portfolio, and we committed to closing approximately 600 underperforming company-operated stores in the U.S. and 61 stores in Australia. We entered into fiscal 2009 with a more rigorous and disciplined approach to managing our store portfolio.
During last year’s annual meeting of shareholders, I outlined our Transformation Agenda, a blueprint for Starbucks to return to its roots: a focus on partners, coffee, customers and the Starbucks Experience. We were beginning to feel the effects of what we now know to be a recession, and we were building a strategy to withstand a difficult economy.
Today I can say, with pride in the management team and in our more than 160,000 partners, that we aggressively delivered on that agenda. And while we did not know how severe the economic downturn would become, we immediately took a hard look at our business and what it would take to weather that storm. We made some very difficult decisions during the process, and undoubtedly we will need to make more. I’m confident, however, that these actions, combined with our sharp focus on transformation, will help ensure that we emerge from the current economic environment positioned to deliver on our commitment to shareholders for sustainable, long-term growth.
I remain passionately enthusiastic about our company’s future. You have my personal commitment that we will make you proud of how our continued dedication to the heritage and the tradition of Starbucks delivers value to everyone we touch—that we are a company you can trust and believe in—even in these difficult times.
On behalf of the Starbucks leadership team, I would like to thank our shareholders, our customers, our business partners, the farmers and suppliers who grow our coffee, and especially our partners for their support and belief in our future.
Warm regards,
Howard Schultz
chairman, president and chief executive officer
 