* Fiscal 2013 non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating margin and non-GAAP earnings per share exclude a pretax charge of $2.8 billion resulting from
the conclusion of the arbitration with Kraft Foods Global, Inc. For GAAP results and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures, please see the Fiscal 2013
Financial Highlights on page iv of this 2013 annual report. i.
 IDear Shareholders,
am honored to share with you that Starbucks has once again delivered record performance in fiscal
2013, exceeding expectations on almost all fronts as we continued to drive growth across geographies, categories, and our multiple channels of distribution. As you review the highlights of our 42nd year, I hope you will agree that we are achieving our goals in ways in which we can all be extremely proud.
In fiscal 2013, Starbucks consolidated revenues reached a record $14.9 billion, a 12 percent increase over last year driven by a 7 percent rise in global comparable store sales and the opening of 1,701 net new stores around the globe. Our non-GAAP operating income* was $2.5 billion, a 23 percent increase, with record non-GAAP operating margin* of 16.5 percent, an impressive 150 basis points higher than last year.
This strong revenue growth, coupled with excellent margin improvement, led to record non-GAAP earnings per share* of $2.26, up 26 percent over fiscal 2012. Through dividends and share repurchases, Starbucks returned a record $1.2 billion of cash to you, our shareholders.
Today, Starbucks is healthier and more diverse than at any time in our history. In addition to the incredibly hard work of our more than 200,000 partners (employees) who proudly wear the green apron, as well
as our leaders in Seattle and throughout the world, our success would not be possible without our bold, strategic vision; a dedication to disruptive innovation and operational excellence; and a foundation of strong values. Together, these tenets are driving our performance.
Our Foundational Values
A distinctive set of values has always shaped how we engage our customers, our partners, and the communities where we do business. This past year, given the tenuous economic and political environment we continued to observe in the U.S. and around the world, Starbucks was particularly cognizant of our responsibility to stay true to our guiding principles, and to lead by example.
The complexity of these times requires, in my view, that businesses complement their main goal of profitability with actions that can help our society move forward in ways that benefit as many people as possible. With this in mind, those of us who lead public companies, in particular, have a duty to share our organizations’ success with our people and reach out to the communities we serve, in addition to creating shareholder value.
       
 At Starbucks, we are proud that, in 2013, we continued to reward and invest in our full- and part-time partners by helping them to realize more than $230 million in value from equity awards, and by retaining industry-leading health care benefits regardless of changes to the U.S. health care laws. Our efforts to serve communities included a company-wide volunteer effort of more than 600,000 hours to help foster long-term improvements in neighborhoods around the world. And in November 2013, we made the strategic business decision to commit to hiring 10,000 veterans and military spouses over the next five years, a talent base with demonstrated leadership, discipline, and operational skills.
Taking these and other steps during 2013 reinforced once again that we can stand for something more than just profitability, while also delivering record performance. Indeed, that harmonious achievement is threaded into the equity of the Starbucks brand, creating a reservoir of trust with our customers, partners, and communities that is deeper than at any time in our history. In the years to come, we will—indeed we must—continue to ask ourselves how we can use our scale for good.
A Core of Innovation and Operational Excellence
Our laser focus on disciplined execution and robust innovation was key to the success we experienced across our business this past year.
Global performance. In fiscal 2013, Starbucks had more than 3 billion customer visits to our more than 19,000 stores in 62 countries. The Americas, our largest segment, produced revenue growth of 11 percent, led by the strength of the U.S., where comparable store sales have grown 7 percent or higher for 15 consecutive quarters, which is particularly noteworthy given the size of the market. In addition, Canada exceeded $1 billion in full-year revenues for the first time ever, while our dynamic Latin America business grew to nearly 700 stores, an 18 percent increase, with sales growth in all 12 markets.
The China and Asia Pacific segment, now comprising 13 countries including India and Vietnam, was once again our fastest growing region, delivering a healthy 27 percent revenue growth in 2013. We expanded our loyalty program to additional markets during the year, as well as recently opened our 1,000th stores in both China and Japan, all of which added to our sales success in this segment. We also are pleased that our EMEA segment—Europe, the Middle East, and Africa—is once again positively contributing to the company’s performance as a result of ongoing efforts to transform this business.
Looking ahead, our plans to open 1,500 net new stores, paired with continued financial discipline and productivity improvements, will fuel momentum in every region.
Innovative concepts. Sustainable growth requires that we preserve the integrity of our core business as we carefully expand our products and expertise into new channels, brands, and markets. Throughout 2013, we once again delighted our customers with iconic beverages as well as new menu choices. Pumpkin Spice Latte celebrated its 10th year, while new creations debuted, including Hazelnut Macchiato, a fantastic single-origin coffee from Ethiopia, and a wonderful Starbucks Reserve® coffee from Colombia. And in our Channel Development segment, revenues grew by 10 percent to $1.4 billion as we continued to provide consumers more opportunities to enjoy their favorite Starbucks® products outside our retail stores.
Beyond our coffee core, the grand opening of Teavana® Fine Teas + Tea Bar, our reimagined Teavana® store in New York City, with its unique tea bar concept, extended our Teavana retail platform while heralding our plans to do for the $90 billion global tea industry what we have done for coffee. In juice, we exceeded
our aggressive growth plans for Evolution FreshTM, which is now available in more than 8,000 locations,
while the opening of our state-of-the-art juicery in California will help us further increase our share of the
      ii.

                  $1.6 billion super-premium juice category, while bringing more manufacturing jobs to the U.S. We also began exploring the potential of handcrafted carbonated beverages, another exciting concept that leverages Starbucks® beverage and retail expertise while expanding our refreshment options.
What’s more, delicious new food offerings, led by the rollout of La BoulangeTM bakery items in more than 3,500 U.S. company-operated stores today, are receiving strong customer response and lifting sales.
Customer connections. The relationship that we have with our customers has always been core to
our brand. Today, these connections are more powerful than ever because of the combined, complementary influence of our global retail footprint, our world-class digital and mobile technologies, and our innovative loyalty programs.
Consider the depth and scope of our reach: In our thousands of stores, our engaging, talented baristas and beautiful new store designs are enhancing the Starbucks Experience; indeed, our fleet of new stores
is among the best performing in the company’s history. What’s more, nearly 7 million people are active
My Starbucks RewardsTM members in the U.S., with $4 billion loaded onto cards in fiscal 2013 globally, and one in every three U.S. transactions paid for with a Starbucks Card. What’s more, our customers are using our mobile payment apps to make, on average, more than 4 million mobile transactions per week in the U.S.
The value that these assets and capabilities bring to our brand, and how that is translating into record financial performance, cannot be understated. Few if any companies can match the diversity of our customer touch points. Like a flywheel effect, the momentum from the intersecting nature of this unique network drives our business every day, giving Starbucks a potent competitive advantage.
Responsible Growth
To realize our ambition of ranking among the world’s most admired brands and enduring companies, we understand more than ever what it means to grow responsibly—with fiscal discipline grounded in our guiding principles. Today, I have no doubt that our values are driving our ability to deliver increased value to our stakeholders, and I want to thank our partners for all they do every day to contribute to our success.
Finally, thank you, our shareholders, for your trust in us as we do our best to exceed expectations and enter the most exciting period of our existence.
  Warm regards,
chairman, president and chief executive officer
 Howard visiting our first international Community Store in Bangkok, Thailand.
iii.
