          An Unforgettable Experience
My trip to Asia in May 2000 to open four new stores reaffirmed what I knew in my heart - Starbucks truly touches the lives of people around the world. On Tuesday, May 2, I arrived in Seoul, South Korea and went immediately to the largest Starbucks Coffee store in the world, located in the trendy Myundong shopping district. This beautiful glass-fronted store is located on a corner and is five stories tall, with 200 seats. I was awestruck by the sight. After our official opening ceremony, all five stories quickly filled with customers who were eager to savor the Starbucks Experience. I had been skeptical when our partners in Seoul suggested their ambitious plan for Myundong. I couldn’t imagine a Starbucks Coffee store this large - but was happy to have my doubts erased by the presence of so many customers.
After this inspiring experience, we went to Hong Kong to open the city’s first Starbucks Coffee store at Exchange Square, Central. The store was packed with people, including many members of the press who had come to document the event. To celebrate the opening, I joined with our partners in Hong Kong to pour heart shapes into a giant coffee press to symbolize pouring our hearts into this bustling new store. We continued on to the opening of Hong Kong’s second store at Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay, where a traditional lion dance was performed to commemorate the event. The acrobatic dance was so remarkable that it stopped traffic. Afterwards, I joined our partners in dotting the eye of the lion to bring good luck. At the opening of each store, I witnessed the excitement and enthusiasm of our partners and customers in these new markets. As we prepared to move on, I couldn’t help but reflect on this amazing journey.
On Thursday, May 4, 2000 between 9:30 p.m. and 9:45 p.m., the world came together at Starbucks. It was near closing time on the opening day of the first Starbucks Coffee store in Shanghai, located at Luwan, a prestigious shopping district in the city. I returned to the store to thank our partners for a job well done. As I drove up, I noticed that the Starbucks logo illuminated the darkness. To my delight, the store was still packed with customers.
              P. 14 starbucks coffee company An Unforgettable Experience
                   
  As I have done a thousand times before, I asked a customer how he had heard about Starbucks. The customer said, “Everyone knows about Starbucks!” He added that he visits our stores daily in his home city, Beijing. Behind him, two women were waiting in line. One of them was a consultant from Philadelphia who worked in Shanghai. A Starbucks customer in the United States, she had brought her friend, a native of Shanghai, to the store for her first cup of Starbucks coffee.
A moment later, two women from Taiwan joined the conversation. They had just bought Pour Your Heart into It - How Starbucks Built a Company One Cup at a Time, which had been translated into Chinese and was sold in our store there in Shanghai. I happily signed a copy for them.
Simultaneously, as I was chatting with them, three American women ran into the store. One woman lived in Pudong, a suburb of Shanghai, located about 25 minutes away. The other two were friends of hers, visiting from California and Minnesota. They were so excited a Starbucks Coffee store opened that they drove all the way into the city for their favorite coffee. They thanked me repeatedly for bringing Starbucks to Shanghai.
Just when I thought it couldn’t get any better, a young couple who had been on a passing bus came into the store. She was from Germany and he was from Mexico. They had asked the driver to stop the bus when they saw the bright, green glow of the Starbucks logo. Both of them knew Starbucks from their travels and they didn’t want to miss the opportunity to have some Starbucks coffee. (By the way, we have yet to open stores in Germany or Mexico.)
In those 15 minutes before closing and throughout my trip to Asia, I realized that people around the world have embraced Starbucks, and was reminded of the power of the Starbucks brand and experience.
From Seattle to Shanghai, Starbucks is bringing people together through coffee and a sense of community. I feel truly fortunate to be part of this incredible company, which touches the lives of so many people worldwide.
Sincerely,
                                                An Unforgettable Experience starbucks coffee company P. 15
           