 Dear Shareholders,
Perhaps more than any other time in Starbucks history, I write to you feeling extremely proud of what Starbucks has accomplished not just in these past 12 months but also in the past three years.
We began our transformation journey in 2008 when I returned as ceo. In 2009, the seeds of that transformation took root. Fiscal 2010 marked the transformation’s defining year as we delivered record financial results.
During this past fiscal year, revenues increased to a record $10.7 billion. Operating income increased by $857 million from fiscal 2009 to $1.4 billion. Our full-year operating margin of 13.3 percent represented the highest full-year consolidated operating margin in our history. We ended 2010 with the highest full-year comparable store sales growth that we have seen in the recent past, while our earnings per share also grew significantly from fiscal 2009, more than double on a comparable 52-week basis. I am thrilled that we were able to further share our success with a first-ever dividend for shareholders and, for our partners, maintaining health care coverage while renewing our focus on elevating the partner experience through recent enhancements to our broad-based equity plan and our 401(k) program. We were also able to offer a special cash award to eligible partners in recognition of their contribution to Starbucks strong performance in 2010.
For these reasons and more, we begin 2011 healthier than we have ever been and with the capabilities, talent, resources and passion to continue our momentum. The internal obstacles we overcame, while simultaneously navigating the ongoing economic challenges and staying true to our values, have made us a stronger company.
Today our operational foundation—coupled with a heightened level of innovation and customer relevance—presents us with an opportunity not just to grow but also to build a different kind of organization. Not a new Starbucks, but one that will leverage and extend our core strengths both inside and outside our stores.
A Strong Foundation
Momentous positive changes inside the organization drove our success this past year. In fiscal 2010, we built upon the nearly $600 million of cost savings in fiscal 2009 while driving many of our key financial metrics to record levels. We have improved the efficiency and effectiveness of our supply chain toward world-class levels. In our U.S. business, revenues and operating income are growing again, with our store partners working passionately to elevate the Starbucks Experience. We had broad-based revenue growth in our Global Consumer Products Group (CPG) and we are also well on our way to building a world-class sales organization and back-of-the house infrastructure to support profitable CPG growth, which will enable us to present one brand voice for Starbucks entire portfolio.
Internationally, the foundation of our brand remains strong, and the work we did in 2010 brought more discipline, ideas and leadership to local markets and helped deliver record financial performance in fiscal 2010, setting the International business up to be a profitable growth engine going forward. Specifically, after a decade in China, Starbucks is being embraced by customers as a welcome third place between home and work in major, secondary and even tertiary cities. We continue to stay true to our brand while finding fresh ways to be locally relevant in a market that we expect to be Starbucks second largest after North America.
In customer-facing initiatives, we are enriching our connections on many fronts. The My Starbucks Rewards loyalty program continues to have significant traction, driving incremental transactions to our stores. Using social and digital media, we are further expanding how we engage our customers. Our more than 27 million fans around the world have made us a top brand on Facebook. And with the October unveiling of the Starbucks Digital Network, we tapped into the value of our vast Wi-Fi network to bring customers in our stores free premium content, from daily news in The Wall Street Journal to music downloads from Apple’s iTunes.® During the first two months after its launch, the Starbucks Digital Network received nearly 8 million visitors and overwhelmingly positive customer feedback.
Innovation remains a cornerstone of our growth. With the launch of Starbucks VIA® Ready Brew and its current platform of products—Iced, Flavored, Christmas Blend—we have already created a business with system-wide sales of approximately $180 million in fiscal 2010 with more than 50,000 points of distribution, bringing new customers and new occasions to the marketplace as well as growing Starbucks share of the premium single-cup coffee category. In addition, based in part on the positive response to Starbucks VIA® and its early success in Canada, the United Kingdom, Japan and the Philippines, we continue to believe that the global opportunity for Starbucks VIA® is significant and yet to be fully tapped. Stay tuned for more Starbucks VIA® developments in the coming year.
Also in our stores, the adoption of new technology platforms and Lean principles are helping to improve the partner and customer experience. Customer satisfaction scores for partner friendliness, speed of service and taste of beverage continue to increase.
The one-on-one connections that we make with the more than 50 million visitors around the world who come into our stores each week define our heritage, and are critical to creating the future we envision.

A New Blueprint for Growth
Going forward, we will be combining the company’s unique strengths in ways that will allow us to go to market in a way that only Starbucks can.
We believe we have the potential to build a portfolio of $1 billion brands inside and outside our stores using a unique strategy. Sourcing, roasting and serving high-quality coffee will remain our core, but we are also pursuing sustainable, profitable growth with a more diversified, multi-channel and multi-brand business model. In the near term, we are focusing on Starbucks VIA® Ready Brew, Frappuccino® beverages—which is already a $2 billion platform—and the Tazo® tea brand. In addition we have also made significant progress with Seattle’s Best Coffee.® After unleashing its exciting new brand identity and expansion strategy, a freshly brewed cup of Seattle’s Best Coffee® is now offered in more than 40,000 locations, up tenfold since 2009.
Our new go-to-market strategy leverages Starbucks unique business structure: our global footprint of retail stores; our distribution network and presence in grocery stores; and the authentic emotional connections we establish with our customers in stores, with our loyalty programs and through digital media. Each of these points of connection complements the other, encouraging our customers to try new products, adopt new rituals and make more frequent purchases. We saw this model play out extremely well with Starbucks VIA® Ready Brew, and we are tremendously optimistic about its potential to drive growth with our other brands.
Starbucks 40th Anniversary
It is hard to believe, but March 2011 marks Starbucks 40th year in business since we opened our first store in Pike Place Market in Seattle. This is a major milestone, and we will be celebrating in a variety of ways that honor our past and reflect where we are headed.
One of the most relevant ways to celebrate our anniversary is by giving back to our neighborhoods. Community involvement is central to Starbucks mission, and soon our partners and customers around the world will more actively initiate and participate in a new array of local community-service projects that we believe will result in longer-term community support. Personally, I can think of no better way to celebrate and I hope you will all join us in these efforts.
This year, we will roll out our elegant new brand identity with an evolved logo that embraces our history while granting us more freedom and flexibility to think beyond coffee and even beyond our stores. A great deal of thought went into creating the new design, and we believe it sets the stage for our next chapter. Finally, because anniversaries are also a time to reflect on the past, a book documenting our transformation will be published in late March. In Onward: How Starbucks Fought for Its Life without Losing Its Soul, I candidly share our journey, both the highs and the lows, because understanding and better appreciating how we transformed will, I feel, enhance our future.
This is a very exciting time for Starbucks, yet we have emerged from our past humbled, refusing to take anything for granted, and determined to grow with as intense a level of discipline and innovation as we have ever demonstrated. As a global consumer brand with almost 17,000 stores and growing businesses outside of our stores, we believe that we are in a rare position to internally offset external pressures from what will likely continue to be a very challenging global economy in the near term.
At every stage of our journey, we have been fortunate to receive the support of our partners, our customers, our shareholders, business partners, farmers and suppliers. Thank you all for standing by us, and for continuing to believe in what Starbucks stands for and in our ability to deliver.
Warm regards,
Howard Schultz
chairman, president and chief executive officer
    