   LETTER FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER / 3
 To My Fellow Stockholders
At the close of each year, I am honored with the opportunity to craft a letter to you, my fellow stockholders. This letter is my chance to share perspectives on how your company performed and offer a glimpse into our future.
In my opinion, these types of corporate communications are too frequently dominated by corporate speak, fancy
phrases, and meaningless buzzwords. My commitment to you, as in past years, is to speak clearly and candidly—as if I were providing the update to a colleague or friend—and to keep it straightforward and free of spin and jargon.
In that spirit, three things come to mind when I think about how to summarize 2014: success, some frustration, and optimism.

4 / LETTER FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Success
Any discussion of success at Charles Schwab should start with a description of our strategy—“Through Clients’ Eyes”—which is the foundation of everything we have achieved. These three words mean we operate our business with the interests of our valued clients top of mind, in the belief they will in turn reward us with more business and refer others to Schwab.
For example, when we develop new products and services, the first thing we ask ourselves is what would be ideal for clients, not how much profit we can earn. We reject the notion of building complex, illiquid solutions laden with high fees. Instead, we opt for solutions that are transparent, liquid, lower in cost, and sensible for investors. I’ve sat in many product development meetings where the most important question asked was: “Walt, would you recommend this to your mother, or to your daughter and her husband?” Challenging ourselves to put our clients’ interests at the forefront is a rare trait in financial services, and one we believe makes long-term sense for both clients and stockholders.
In an era of quarterly earnings pressures and a drive in many industries to squeeze the last dollar of profit from every client, some might call our strategy naïve. But the results it delivers and the success it has helped us attain prove just how wrong that viewpoint is.
In 2014, we:
•
Received top workplace awards in each of our primary employment locations—capped off by earning the Military Friendly® Employer title for the third consecutive year;
Grew revenue 11% over 2013, despite the ongoing low interest rate environment that is depriving us of billions of dollars of revenue as it persists;
Expanded earnings by 23% over 2013 to a record level of $1.32 billion.
  TOTAL CLIENT ASSETS (IN BILLIONS AT YEAR-END)
     $1,575
 2010
$1,678
2011
$1,952
2012
$2,249
2013
$2,464
2014
  NET INCOME (IN MILLIONS)
     $454
 • • •
•
Added $124.8 billion in net new client assets—our third consecutive year of core net new assets in excess of $100 billion—a remarkable reflection of investor trust;
Grew total client assets to $2.46 trillion—within a whisker of making us the largest publicly traded investment services firm in the United States;
Continued to win billions of net dollars in client assets from our competitors to increase our market share;
Reached record high Client Promoter Scores in our largest business, Investor Services, with even higher scores among our more affluent clients and those opting for our assistance in managing their investments;
•
•
2010
$864
2011
$928
2012
By virtually every measure, 2014 was a year of success. Double-digit growth in revenue, record earnings, growth in client assets and market share, delighted clients, and engaged employees across our firm are simply some of the proof points.
$1,071
2013
$1,321
2014
  2014 Top Workplace Recognition
We are proud of our culture of service, teamwork, and seeing challenges and opportunities “Through Clients’ Eyes.” Our culture truly differentiates Schwab and makes our company a great place to work. We place great value on the recognition we receive as an employer of choice, particularly those awards that are based on the feedback of our employees. In 2014, we were pleased to receive multiple awards.
Regional Awards
“Top Workplace” recognition based
on employee feedback in seven major markets where Schwab has significant concentrations of employees: the San Francisco Bay Area, the state of Arizona, Denver, Austin, Indianapolis, Cleveland, and Chicago
 
Frustration
Although your company enjoyed great success in 2014 and we have many reasons for optimism that I will discuss shortly, the past year also had its share of frustration.
Low Interest Rates
2014 was the sixth consecutive full year that the Federal Reserve experimented with unprecedented approaches to keeping interest rates at record lows. Those actions cost us billions of dollars in revenue relative to the historical interest rate levels measured since the inception of the Federal Reserve just over a century ago.
Given record low short-term interest rates, we waived $751 million in money market fund management fees in 2014. We did so to ensure our clients wouldn’t receive negative interest yields on their money market fund holdings. To that end, we have waived $3.24 billion in money market fund management fees since the beginning of 2009.
In addition, the spread we earned on client cash that is held on our various corporate-wide balance sheets in 2014 was 1.64%. This compares to the spread of 3.84% we earned in 2008, the last year before the Federal Reserve’s interest rate experiments began. With total client cash on our balance sheet of approximately $140 billion as of year-end, the impact on our revenue is dramatic—and frustrating.
How frustrating? Over the past six years, we have more than doubled total client assets from about $1.1 trillion to almost $2.5 trillion. And yet it took until the end of 2013 for our revenue to return to 2008 levels. This rather astonishing fact paints a clear picture of the impact the Federal Reserve’s interest rate policies have had on your company’s revenue, as well as how much upside revenue potential exists at Schwab as rates eventually normalize.
Regulatory Environment
We also operate in a rapidly evolving regulatory world. Virtually everyone who works in the world of banking and financial services understands and respects the importance of quality, professional, and balanced regulation. In a post-Dodd-Frank world, new regulations and heightened expectations from regulators are a regular occurrence. Many of these efforts are important ones that reduce risk to our stockholders and clients.
As a result, we are now spending over $100 million annually to comply with Dodd-Frank and other new rules. In addition to increasing our operating costs, these regulatory expectations divert focus from serving clients, limit other investments that we would prefer to make in our clients and employees, and ultimately reduce stockholder returns. Of course, one of the most important drivers of regulatory oversight is to ensure financial services firms, and particularly banks, are well managed and adept at managing risk. All of us at Schwab support this objective.
Falling Short
And last but not least, any discussion of 2014 should include areas where we, as a company, fell short of the standards we set for ourselves. One example is a misstep we made around requiring our clients to waive their right to join class action litigation against us and instead rely exclusively on individual arbitration of disputes. Several years ago, the United States Supreme Court decided that businesses could require clients to waive their rights to participation in class action litigation in favor of arbitration. After that court decision, we researched the actual client financial recoveries in actions they had initiated against us over the years in both arbitration actions and class action litigation. Our research indicated that our clients benefitted financially more when they opted for arbitration. That’s
LETTER FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER / 5
   3.84%
2008
NET INTEREST MARGIN IN 2008 AND 2014
 1.64%
 2014
 Gallup® Great Workplace Award
Gallup® Great Workplace Award for the third consecutive year, which recognizes the most productive and engaged workforces in the world
Military-Friendly Workplace
Multiple awards recognizing Schwab as a military-friendly workplace and our commitment to hiring veterans, including Military Times EDGE magazine’s “Best for Vets” for the fifth consecutive year
Corporate Equality
A 100% rating on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index for the 11th consecutive year
   
6 / LETTER FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
because in class action litigation, far too much of any settlement was lost in fees to class action lawyers, as opposed to going to our clients.
As a result, we amended our account agreement to include a waiver of access to class action litigation in favor of arbitration. Looking back, this was a mistake. A combination of our clients, attorneys who specialize in bringing class action lawsuits, politically driven groups, and one of our regulators all criticized our decision. When we stepped back and reviewed the situation, we realized that some could see it as reducing the available means by which a client who felt aggrieved could pursue redress. Our decision was not wholly consistent with our “Through Clients’ Eyes” strategy—and so we reversed it in 2014.
As always, we will continue to contest the frivolous class action suits we periodically face, but we have restored our clients’ options in this area.
Optimism
An optimist by nature, I tend to see the best of any situation or in any person. Over the years I’ve been accused at times of being too optimistic. However, there is no doubt in my mind that as we enter 2015 there are many reasons to be optimistic about the future of your company.
I’ll discuss three in this letter.
1. We continue to expand our capabilities in ways that a wide variety of prospects and clients are embracing, thereby moving further beyond our discount brokerage heritage;
2.We have tremendous scale and efficiency advantages over many of our competitors;
3.We appear to be closer to a more normalized interest rate environment than at any time since 2008.
Capabilities
When Chuck Schwab founded your company over 40 years ago, he brought Wall Street to Main Street with discounted commissions for buying stocks. As a result, the Schwab name became synonymous with discount brokerage and low-cost transactions. We have since moved far beyond the discount brokerage model. In fact, half of all client assets at Schwab are now receiving some form of ongoing
advisory service. And in 2014 those client assets grew faster than total client assets at Schwab, reflecting investors’ desire for more of our help and advice.
As we have expanded our services, we have done so in the Schwab way: “Through Clients’ Eyes.” We are now a full- service investment services firm delivering modern wealth management—all in a way that is designed to minimize conflicts and that delivers a better value than almost any national firm.
Over the past quarter century, our services that support independent investment advisors have helped create a multi-trillion-dollar industry in which we maintain the largest market share and continue to grow faster than any competitor.
Our 401(k) recordkeeper continues to develop innovative, groundbreaking programs like the first and only 401(k) plan that offers low-cost exchange-traded funds (ETFs) with intraday transaction processing within a plan’s core investment lineup.
And our asset management unit, in addition to being one of the world’s largest managers of money market funds,
 0.60%
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management
0.56%
Bank of America Global Wealth & Investment Management
EXPENSES AS A
PERCENTAGE OF AVERAGE TOTAL CLIENT ASSETS IN 2014
Source: Publicly available company reports for the period
     0.41%
 E*Trade Financial
0.29%
TD Ameritrade
0.17%
Schwab
  2014 Innovation Highlights
Our belief in the power of investing was evident when Chuck Schwab set out more than 40 years ago to challenge Wall Street and deliver a better investing experience. Today, Schwab continues to challenge the traditional Wall Street model
by innovating and advocating on behalf of investors, advisors, and employers because we believe there is a better way to invest. We continued to uphold that commitment in 2014.
SIA-ETF
Launched the exchange-traded fund (ETF) version of Schwab Index Advantage® (SIA), a full- service 401(k) program based
on fully integrating low-cost ETFs as core investments in
the plan, and that provides clients commission-free intraday investing along with the ability to transact in partial shares
182 ETFs
Added 65 ETFs to Schwab ETF OneSourceTM, the largest commission-free ETF platform where investors can now trade 182 ETFs covering 65 Morningstar Categories for $0 online trade commissions
  
offers some of the most efficient and lowest cost ETFs in the industry.
Discount brokerage might be our heritage, but full service is what we are today and a true cause for optimism about our future.
Scale and Efficiency
Scale and efficiency are essential in the financial services industry. Collectively, they allow us to make important investments and be disruptive with innovative actions that benefit investors. We operate your company incredibly efficiently, with a ratio of total expenses to average total client assets of only 0.17%, a fraction of any publicly traded competitor. As interest rates rise in the future, this operating efficiency is a powerful tool that creates options for us from a competitive standpoint and enables a continuing stream of client-friendly innovations.
A perfect example of how we can leverage our efficient model through innovative approaches is our introduction of Schwab Intelligent PortfoliosTM—offered through Schwab Wealth Investment Advisory, Inc.
Schwab Intelligent Portfolios uses sophisticated computer algorithms to manage money for investors based on their selected risk profile. Low-cost ETFs are used to build the investment portfolios, which are automatically rebalanced*. Best of all, the annual advisory fee is zero. That’s right—we don’t charge account service fees, commissions, or portfolio advisory fees. Period. Never before have investors, with large and small balances, been able to receive sophisticated portfolio management services for nothing more than the low cost of exchange-traded funds!
Interest Rates
As I write this letter, most observers expect the Federal Reserve to begin raising interest rates later this year. It is difficult to overstate the potential impact of this on your company. As rates rise, our revenue should rise too, giving us the opportunity to both grow earnings and make investments that will further enhance our competitive position. When rates do rise, you should expect us to be aggressive, putting our structural advantages to work to build market share and pave the way for future growth.
Conclusion
In 2015, I will reach my 20th anniversary at Schwab. Over the past two decades I’ve seen a lot: the impact of technology on buying and selling stocks and investing; the Internet and NASDAQ bubble inflating and collapsing; markets just as volatile as they are proving again now; the dramatic decline of the cost of equity trade commissions; and the steady march to this period of historically low interest rates. I’ve also been privileged to contribute in a small manner to your company’s growth from an upstart to one of the largest and most profitable investment services firms in the world.
And yet, I believe we are just getting started. Our “Through Clients’ Eyes” strategy is winning in the marketplace. We are expanding our capabilities and introducing groundbreaking offerings like Schwab Intelligent Portfolios. Our revenue streams are diversified and growing, and higher interest rates appear to be closer than they have been in the past six years.
Success, frustration, and optimism—three words that sum up 2014 for your company. But by far and away the most important of those three is the last one—optimism. There are so many reasons to be optimistic. Yes, it’s been another special year for Schwab, but the best is yet to come!
Thank you for your confidence! Warmly,
Walt Bettinger March 6, 2015
linkedin.com/in/waltbettinger twitter.com/waltbettinger
*Automated rebalancing for clients with invested assets of at least $5,000 in their account.
LETTER FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER / 7
  3- and 4-leg online options trading
Launched 3- and 4-leg online options trading capabilities on StreetSmart Edge®, enabling Schwab clients to trade sophisticated strategies in a workflow inspired by optionsXpress’ All-In-One Trade Ticket® tool
Schwab Advisor Mobile ConnectTM
Launched Schwab Advisor Mobile ConnectTM, a customizable app that registered investment advisors can use to create a turnkey, branded mobile presence for their firms, as well as tools that enable secure electronic signatures and wire transfer authorizations
Schwab
Intelligent PortfoliosTM
Announced the planned launch of Schwab Intelligent Portfolios, a new automated investment advisory service that will provide sophisticated, diversified portfolios with no advisory fees, commissions, or account service fees charged
   