Letter from the President & CEO To our valued investors and stakeholders:

Thank you for your role in helping us successfully launch Spectra Energy in its first year! We could not have done it without you ­ our investors, employees, customers and communities. Your confidence and dedication helped us realize our vision of becoming one of North America's premier natural gas infrastructure companies. Together, we delivered a debut year rich in accomplishment: We defined Spectra Energy as a company committed to innovating, investing and delivering. We made giant strides in expanding our footprint of pipeline and storage assets across North America, responding to the critical need for increased, reliable natural gas infrastructure. We exceeded the financial goals we set for ourselves, and we set a clear course toward creating long-term value and growth for you, our investors. And as we focused Spectra Energy on the bright future ahead, we continued to conduct our business with the level of integrity, stewardship and respect that has been our hallmark for close to a century.
2007 Accomplishments

We made a number of commitments to you when we launched Spectra Energy, and we've delivered. On the financial front, we achieved diluted earnings per share of $1.51, and we generated net income of $957 million. We've maintained a strong balance sheet that enables us to execute on expansion plans and seize emerging opportunities. We reduced ongoing corporate and administrative costs by more than $20 million ­ surpassing our pledge to achieve that level of savings by year-end 2008. We enhanced our competitiveness and ability to grow shareholder value by launching our master limited partnership, Spectra Energy Partners (NYSE: SEP), at a record yield of 5.45 percent, and with net proceeds to Spectra Energy of $345 million.
Fred J. Fowler, president and chief executive officer

4

In January 2008, we announced a four cent increase in our annual dividend, bringing it to 92 cents per share ­ a 4.6 percent increase squarely in line with our targeted 60 percent payout ratio. We told you we were going to invest in expansion projects ­ and we did just that: In 2007, we invested about $1 billion in capital expansion, placing 13 strategic new pipeline and storage projects into service. These projects include key efforts like our Northeast Gateway pipeline project, connecting Excelerate Energy's new LNG regasification terminal in Massachusetts Bay to our Algonquin system; our TIME II project in Pennsylvania that expands our Texas Eastern mainline; capacity increases at our Egan and Moss Bluff salt cavern storage facilities; and the second phase of an expansion to the Union Gas transmission system. Those are just a few of the projects we're developing and delivering. They are high-quality projects, underpinned by firm contracts and poised to deliver the 10 to 12 percent return on capital criterion we've set for Spectra Energy. As you would expect, we're exercising discipline and diligence in our review of opportunities. We're evaluating a lot of them... aggressively pursuing those that make sense... and delivering the ones that create strong earnings growth

for investors. We also maintained our steady focus on operational excellence. Our 2007 maintenance program was intensive, with eight successful plant turnarounds in Western Canada, the largest in-line inspection program conducted in the history of our U.S. business, and Union Gas' continued work on both its transmission integrity management program and its replacement of aging distribution system infrastructure. Clearly, the men and women who operate and maintain our assets are dedicated to ensuring a safe and reliable system. In 2007, we continued to protect and build upon our competitive position in all segments of our business: In the U.S., we enjoyed increased throughput in all of our pipelines and a 95 percent contract renewal rate on our Texas Eastern and Algonquin systems. Union Gas continued to grow its customer base, connecting approximately 24,000 new customers during the year. In addition, Union Gas was able to grow its business as a result of pipeline expansions, enhancement to its energy conservation programs and building on market opportunities in its storage business. Our Western Canadian assets proved to be well positioned to capture the drilling that occurred in 2007, and our Empress natural gas liquids business continued to deliver outstanding financial results.
Capital and Investment Expenditures by Segment US Transmission $1,250 $625 $2,500 $1,875 2008 (projected) 2006 2007 Distribution Other Western Canada In millions

Spectra Energy 2007 Annual Report 5

In 2007, DCP Midstream, our joint venture with ConocoPhillips, completed approximately $800 million in acquisitions, including the addition of gathering and processing assets that bring us into the important Fort Worth, Piceance and Powder River basins. We also focused on leadership in 2007, continuing to build a culture of high performance and employee empowerment. The safety of our team, contractors and public is of utmost importance to Spectra Energy, and while we made steady progress on safety performance in all our businesses, we were deeply saddened by the tragic death of a teammate at DCP Midstream. We are honoring his memory by taking quick preventive measures in line with our zero injury and work-related illness goal, and by redoubling our efforts to keep one another out of harm's way. Despite our strong financial and operational results, we are disappointed that our stock price hasn't fully reflected this positive first year. While the volatility and dynamics affecting the economy and equity markets have not been conducive to our stock's performance, we are also a new company with a new story that needs to be told. We will continue to inform investors ­ through action and results ­ about the tremendous potential and value proposition of Spectra Energy. And, as our story continues to unfold, and external factors readjust, I'm confident that

investors and the marketplace will increasingly recognize Spectra Energy's compelling value proposition. In the meantime, we'll continue to be laser-focused on executing our business plan, adhering to disciplined financial management and delivering exceptional results every day.
2008 and Beyond

2007 was a great year ­ but we've only just begun! We see great promise and possibility on the horizon, and we will continue to stretch ourselves to seize opportunities and create value. We're taking an expansive view of the future, and our entire team is motivated to deliver results on your behalf: Our 2008 employee incentive target of $1.56 per share represents an 11 percent increase over our 2007 target. We expect to see growth in each of our businesses in 2008 and through 2010. From 2007 through 2010, we project seven to nine percent EBIT growth at Spectra Energy Transmission. And we expect to enjoy significant earnings and cash flow at DCP Midstream for the next several years ­ cash flow that will help us finance ongoing capital expansion efforts.

"Your new company is thriving in this transformational era of energy. We are well positioned in the fastest growing markets on the continent. We have the financial wherewithal and flexibility to fund continued growth. We have the best fleet of natural gas assets in North America, managed by the best employee team in the business."
6

During 2008, we expect to complete and bring into service some $1.5 billion in new pipeline, gas processing, storage and distribution projects. We will invest more than $1 billion annually through 2010 ­ investment that will total more than $4 billion and deliver more than $500 million in additional annual EBIT by 2011. You will see us expanding our presence in the high-growth markets of the Northeast and Southeast United States and in Ontario and Western Canada. We will assess consolidation opportunities that might arise, and we'll continue to evaluate other opportunities in our sector, such as crude and products pipelines. We have a clear and pragmatic view of the future as well, and we're tackling the challenges head-on. As you may know, we've seen an escalation in material and labor costs associated with our sector's massive infrastructure build-out. It's something we're focused intently on, and we've implemented a number of measures to ensure we effectively manage through external cost pressures. We're starting to see these efforts pay off. Another challenge relates to the need for environmental ingenuity that allows us to unite efforts around the climate change debate. In Western Canada, our greenhouse gas sequestration projects rank among the world's largest and

have been recognized by the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. We're also working hard to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from our midstream natural gas operations, and we'll continue to build on the significant gains we've made in lowering methane releases. Increasingly, we're engaging at a policy level, providing leadership on climate change and other key issues that affect our business, our industry and our world. We'll continue our push to expand our intellectual talent, developing leaders at every level within our organization. The competition for experienced personnel in our industry is growing fierce. We enjoy a talent advantage today ­ and we're working to maintain that advantage well into the future. Your new company is thriving in this transformational era of energy. We are well positioned in the fastest growing markets on the continent. We have the financial wherewithal and flexibility to fund continued growth. We have the best fleet of natural gas assets in North America, managed by the best employee team in the business. And we are inspired by the trust you have placed in Spectra Energy to drive this good company to greatness. On behalf of the dedicated men and women I am proud to work alongside, thank you for your continued confidence in Spectra Energy. We are excited and invigorated and look forward to our shared future. Fred J. Fowler President and Chief Executive Officer

