To Our Shareholders:
Spectra Energy is proud of the work we do to deliver critically needed energy to North America. The energy infrastructure we build and operate enables progress ­ and brings us within reach of the important goals of economic prosperity, energy independence and a healthier environment. Such ambitious undertakings require a collaborative spirit. We are fortunate to have many respected partners working with us ­ stakeholders like you who share our commitment to delivering a future fueled by clean-burning, job-creating, homegrown energy while earning a solid return on their investments. In this report, you'll hear directly from individuals living and working across North America ­ men and women dedicated to a safe, clean and sustainable energy future. Some you will recognize, others you may not, but all inspire us and move us to action on your behalf every day. 2012 was a year of milestones for Spectra Energy. We built upon a century-deep foundation of serving North America's growing need for natural gas. We added new pillars of growth to our expanding portfolio. We upheld our tradition of stakeholder engagement, reaching out to our neighbors and benefiting from their perspective and input. And we continued to generate strong and sustaining cash flows that allow us to reinvest in our core businesses, extend our reach into new segments and reward our investors with dividend growth.

Financial Performance
At this time last year, in a period of robust commodity prices, we shared with you our 2012 earnings per share (EPS) target of $1.90. The commodity price environment collapsed quickly, particularly with respect to natural gas liquids, and we did not achieve our $1.90 goal. Our year-end earnings per share came in at $1.43, short of the target we had aimed for. And while virtually the entire delta between our EPS goal and the result was related to lower commodity prices, we nonetheless share your disappointment. Over the last year, the lower than expected commodity prices resulted in a one-year decline in our stock price. Despite this, we have provided investors with a total shareholder return of more than 50 percent through the three years ending Dec. 31, 2012, while the S&P 500 returned 36 percent over the same period. In 2012, our core fee-based businesses performed as expected. These businesses generated strong earnings and cash flow, helping to offset the effects of lower commodity prices in our other businesses, and providing

Gregory L. Ebel
President and Chief Executive Officer

the means for future investment, growth and value creation. Of note, our fee-based businesses fund Spectra Energy's dividend, which increased by 10 cents a share in the fourth quarter of 2012, bringing our annual dividend to $1.22. We are committed to continuing to grow our dividend each year as we grow our earnings and cash flow.

2 Spectra Energy

3

2012 Annual Report 3

Financial Highlights
(In millions, except per share amounts and percentages)

2012 20112010

Our continued strong financial position is the muscle behind our reach, allowing us to pursue and finance attractive investment opportunities throughout business cycles. Our consistent record of cash generation allows us to execute on our $1 billion-plus annual capital expansion program and fund $700 to $800

Common Stock Data

Earnings per share Basic Diluted Dividends per share Shares outstanding Year-end  Weighted average ­ basic  Weighted average ­ diluted 
Income Statement

$1.44 $1.43 $1.145

$1.82 $1.81 $1.06

$1.62 $1.61 $1.00

million in maintenance capital annually to ensure our existing assets continue to safely and reliably generate earnings on your behalf. Our two master limited partnerships, Spectra Energy Partners (NYSE: SEP) and DCP Midstream Partners (NYSE: DPM), are important contributors to our overall financial flexibility. Together, they allow us to expand our assets and footprint by using the lowest cost financing available for our growth activities. Looking forward, we are committed to delivering $1.50 earnings per share in 2013 and are confident in our ability to deliver dependable, long-term shareholder value through earnings and dividend growth. `Long term' deserves underscoring here. The expansion plans we're pursuing today are large in scale and scope. We've taken a long view in assessing investment opportunities that will yield benefits over time and over a range of market conditions. And we are focused on the efficient use of capital to achieve superior returns on your behalf.

668 651649 653 650648 656 653650

Operating revenues Total reportable segment EBIT Net income ­ controlling interests
Balance Sheet

$ 5,075 $5,351 $4,945 2,035 2,3672,101 940 1,1841,049

Total assets Total debt
Capitalization

$30,587 $28,138$26,686 12,833 11,72311,320

Expanding Our Portfolio's Reach
In 2012, we invested $1.3 billion in capital expansion across the enterprise, delivering six projects into service for aggregate returns consistent with our 10 to 12 percent goal for return on capital employed. We also are expanding our reach into complementary growth sectors that will provide substantial long-term shareholder value. We did this by committing more than $2 billion to the natural gas liquids and crude oil pipeline sectors last year.

Common equity ­ controlling interests Common equity ­ noncontrolling interests and preferred stock Total debt

39% 39%39% 5% 5%5% 56% 56%56% $2,309 $1,848

Capital and Investment Expenditures, including Acquisitions$ 2,575

in millions

2012 EBIT by Business Segment

in millions

Net Income - Controlling Interests

First, our acquisition of the Express-Platte Pipeline System gives us a firm foothold in the rapidly expanding crude oil pipeline sector, and we are pleased to welcome the Express-Platte team to Spectra Energy. Express-Platte is one of three major pipelines moving crude oil from western Canada to refineries and

Field Services

$279 $995 U.S. Transmission

2012

$940

Western Canada Transmission & Processing

$387

2011

$1,184

markets in the U.S. Rockies and Midwest. Our timing on this bold move couldn't be better. Crude oil flows are undergoing dramatic, positive change, similar to the growth dynamics investors are benefiting from in the natural gas and natural gas liquids sectors. Canadian oil production is expected to double in the next 15 years. Production in the Bakken basin likely will increase 250 percent by 2032. And in the next two

Distribution

$374

2010 0 300 600

$1,049 900 1,200

years, U.S. demand for crude oil from western Canada will grow by 50 percent. Huge shifts are occurring on both the supply and demand sides of crude oil, and Spectra Energy is ideally positioned to respond.

4 Spectra Energy

2012 Annual Report 5

We plan to replicate our natural gas `steel in the ground' advantage in the crude oil space and aggressively pursue continuing investments in oil and refined products pipelines, storage tanks and terminals ­ investments that will serve our investors now and in the future. Second, with Phillips 66, we each agreed to invest approximately $800 million in two natural gas liquids (NGL) pipelines being completed by our joint venture DCP Midstream. This fee-based NGL infrastructure will add a new growth platform for Spectra Energy beginning in 2013. Equally important, in September, we announced another stride forward with our plan to build a major new natural gas pipeline in British Columbia to serve BG Group's planned liquefied natural gas (LNG) export terminal in Prince Rupert. The new pipeline represents a key element of our next wave of investment opportunities in B.C., and allows us to create value by leveraging the region's surplus natural gas supplies and facilitating its export to high-demand international markets. We expect to make a final investment decision on this multibillion-dollar project in the 2015-2016 time frame, and we continue to seek additional ways to serve the growing LNG export sector. LNG development activities, in both B.C. and the U.S. Gulf Coast, align well with our asset footprint and our proven expertise in gas processing and pipeline transportation. All told, Spectra Energy is pursuing more than $25 billion in investment opportunities through the end of the decade ­ investment driven by escalating demand growth, power generation needs, LNG exports, gas-to-liquids facilities, the ongoing industrial and petrochemical resurgence and crude oil production gains.

culture that have long defined Spectra Energy: stewardship; integrity; respect for the individual; safety; high performance; win-win relationships; and initiative. Our most essential commitment involves keeping our employees, contractors and community neighbors safe. We realized some good gains in 2012, with fewer workforce injuries and fewer vehicle injuries than we experienced in 2011 or 2010. We remain fully committed to further improvements on our march toward achieving our goal of zero injuries and zero work-related illnesses. We're proud of what we accomplished in 2012, building upon a strong foundation, extending our reach into complementary business segments, generating healthy returns on the capital we employed and providing dividend growth to you. For 2013, our plans include securing additional expansion projects in all of our business segments, completing those already under way, as well as growing earnings per share and the dividends we pay our fellow shareholders. By doing so, we will ensure that Spectra Energy remains the investment opportunity of choice for you, our owners. We're energized by what lies ahead. Energy is a transformational force, fueling progress, prosperity and human potential. We are committed to our role of safely delivering energy, providing exceptional service and creating enduring value on your behalf. As you read this report, I hope you'll share our confidence that a bright future is within reach ­ and that your investment is in good hands and will continue to be rewarded.

Investing in Our Communities
Equally important to our future are the investments we make in our communities. Spectra Energy's operations span North America and contribute significantly to business growth and to local, state and provincial revenues. We also make strategic social investments in the communities we serve through philanthropic giving and volunteer time and talent. In keeping with our long-term approach, our efforts focus on investments that yield lasting results ­ education and workforce development, community vitality and employee support and volunteerism. Our corporate values are exemplified in our commitment to sustainability on all fronts ­ economic value, environmental integrity and social responsibility. We're pleased to have been named again to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index, the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index, the Carbon Disclosure Project's Global 500 and the S&P Carbon Disclosure Leadership Index. These and other external benchmarks are gratifying, and they affirm our progress. But our true-north compass is an internal allegiance to the values and
Scan to view video address

Gregory L. Ebel, President and Chief Executive Officer

6 Spectra Energy

2012 Annual Report 7

shareholders. We invested $1.3 billion in expansion projects. We extended our reach into complementary, growing sectors with the announced acquisition of the Express-Platte Pipeline System, our expanding liquids portfolio and our active pursuit of liquefied natural gas opportunities. And our board was pleased to authorize a 10-cent increase in Spectra Energy's annual dividend, bringing it to its current annualized level of $1.22 per share. The expanse of Spectra Energy's asset base is matched by tremendous human talent and dedication. From the visionary leadership of CEO Greg Ebel ... to an impressive, experienced leadership team ... to the 5,000+ employees who operate our pipelines, plants and business processes every day ­ your company is in good hands. Our board is actively engaged in overseeing near- and long-term succession planning, and I can assure you that we have a deep bench of talent and are prudently investing in ongoing leadership development. You also will be pleased to know that we work to ensure that executive compensation is equitably aligned with shareholder interests. As you read in Greg's letter, Spectra Energy missed delivering on its 2012 earnings per share target. External factors certainly contributed to the miss, but our incentive payouts reflect the reality that we failed to deliver on a goal that matters greatly to you, our investors. Your board is committed to sound governance, responsible corporate citizenship and sustainability on all fronts. Spectra Energy diligently monitors and reports on the economic, social and environmental impact of

William T. Esrey
Chairman of the Board

our operations. We're improving our performance in key areas like safety, employee engagement, diversity and inclusion, supply chain excellence and stakeholder engagement. Our participation in internationally recognized benchmarks like the Dow Jones Sustainability Index and Carbon Disclosure Project is driven not by a desire to score high ­ but by our quest for transparency, accountability and continuous improvement. The members of your board embrace the role of representing the needs and interests of all our stakeholders. I am privileged to work alongside such a talented and insightful group. Joseph Netherland, one of our valued and respected directors, has elected to step down in May 2013. Both Greg and I, on behalf of the entire board, thank Joe for his valued counsel and contributions, and we wish him all the best. I am pleased with where Spectra Energy stands today: at the forefront of its sector, leading the charge to develop critically needed energy infrastructure. Moreover, I'm excited about what the future holds, and the role we share in ushering in a new era of energy independence and economic vigor for North America. As you'll read in this report, we have much to be proud of. However, our company measures success not only in terms of past achievement, but in the potential to perform better, aim higher, extend our reach and serve your interests over the long term. Thank you for your continuing investment in Spectra Energy. We appreciate the enormous trust that investment conveys ­ and we're working hard every day to earn it.

Dear Fellow Investors:
This report comes to you at an exciting point in our company's evolution. Not only are we transforming our business through profitable new pursuits like crude oil infrastructure and LNG exports, but we're also seeing significant, positive shifts in North America's energy outlook ­ shifts that bode well for long-term, sustainable results on your behalf. Between now and 2035, global energy demand is projected to grow by more than 30 percent. North America will play an important role in the new energy world order, with extraordinary growth in oil and natural gas output. The magnitude of growth is such that the International Energy Agency expects the United States to be a net exporter of natural gas by 2020 and to be nearly energy self-sufficient by 2035. So what do these encouraging signposts mean for you? They herald unprecedented levels of energy infrastructure investment ­ the kind of investment Spectra Energy is championing across the U.S. and Canada. They confirm that the once lofty goals of energy independence, economic growth and environmental sustainability are within reach. And they support our company's long-term expectation and confidence in deploying $25 billion in capital expansion through the decade's close. Against a backdrop of challenging market dynamics this past year, Spectra Energy took bold strides to position our company as a leader in delivering midstream energy services to customers ­ and growing dividends to

William T. Esrey, Chairman of the Board

8 Spectra Energy

2012 Annual Report 9

