Letter from the President and CEO Dear fellow investors:

Our second year as a stand-alone public company was one of significant achievement and progress, against a backdrop of great global change. Clearly, not all of that change was positive. The dramatic economic collapse we witnessed ­ and continue to watch play out ­ has been harsh. Virtually all companies and individuals suffered the fallout. More repercussions will certainly surface. Against this challenging backdrop, your company performed well. We remained focused, disciplined and on point to operate and develop the natural gas infrastructure vitally needed in North America ­ infrastructure that provides significant, ongoing value to our customers and investors. We delivered on the commitments we made to you last year. More importantly, we set a forward course that will allow us to manage through the chaos and thrive when the clouds clear. I'll return to the proactive steps we're taking to address the current economic situation, but first let's look at how we delivered on our 2008 promises.

Gregory L. Ebel, president and chief executive officer

Commitments made ­ commitments met

We committed to delivering earnings per share (EPS) of $1.56 ­ an 11 percent increase over our 2007 EPS target. We kept that commitment ­ and more ­ achieving ongoing diluted EPS of $1.83 and ongoing net income of $1.14 billion. We committed, as always, to maintaining an attractive dividend. In 2008 we increased our dividend twice, for a total increase of nearly 14 percent. We committed to putting some $1.5 billion in new expansion projects into service during 2008. We've kept that pledge, too, commissioning $1.8 billion of projects during the year. Our 2008 projects will deliver annual earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) of approximately $225 million ­ higher than our original expectation of $200 million and above our targeted range of 10 to 12 percent return on capital employed. We committed to sustaining the environment in which we operate and the communities in which we serve. In 2008 we issued our first sustainability report, and we are proud to have been named to both the Dow Jones North America Sustainability Index and the U.S. S&P 500 Carbon Disclosure Project's Leadership Index. We committed to focusing on the timeless business fundamentals that make us who we are: conducting safe and reliable operations and providing excellent customer service. The assets we operate ­ and the men and women who run them ­ are the heart of Spectra Energy. We devoted much time and attention to protecting that core, and we

Spectra Energy 2008 Summary Annual Report 1

Financial Highlights (In millions, except per share amounts and percentages) Common Stock Data Earnings per share Basic Diluted Dividends per share Shares outstanding Year-end Weighted average ­ basic Weighted average ­ diluted Income Statement Operating revenues Total reportable segment EBIT Net income Balance Sheet Total assets Total debt Capitalization Common equity Minority interests Total debt Capital and Investment Expenditures 2008 2007

$ 1.82 $ 1.81 $ 0.96 611 622 624

$ 1.51 $ 1.51 $ 0.88 632 632 635

$ 5,074 2,311 1,129

$ 4,704 2,108 957

$21,924 10,047

$22,970 9,398

34% 4% 62% $ 2,030

40% 5% 55% $ 1,501

Capital and Investment Expenditures by Segment In millions U.S. Transmission Western Canada $2,000 Distribution Other

2008 EBIT by Business Segment In millions U.S. Transmission $844

Estimated Natural Gas Demand Outlook In trillion cubic feet 35

Field Services $716

30

25 $1,500 20

$1,000

15

10 $500 Western Canada Transmission & Processing $398 5 Distribution $353

2007

2008

0

2000

2010

2020

2030

Source: ICF International

2

won't lose sight of what's important at the end of the day ­ that our employees and contractors return home safely, that our assets operate to the highest standards, and that our customers receive superior service. We met all these commitments while the world around us churned, experiencing gut-wrenching events to a degree not seen in our lifetimes. Spectra Energy was not untouched by the turmoil. Like you, we were disappointed in our stock performance for the year, which fared no better than the equity markets overall. But our resolve to be "the company of choice" for investors, employees, customers, communities, regulators and governments remains steadfast. We want to be the choice ­ your choice ­ in both good times and challenging times. Moreover, we believe that natural gas has an essential role to play in the economic recovery ­ and that Spectra Energy is positioned to capture the opportunities that will come with restored market confidence and a revitalized economy. Our optimism is grounded in the fact that customers look to Spectra Energy as a preferred conduit to connect new and existing supply areas to premium markets. Whether it's Rockies supply arriving at Clarington, Ohio, Marcellus shale gas in Appalachia, exciting new production from Canadian basins, increased storage at our Dawn facility in Ontario or output from the three ­ soon to be four! ­ LNG terminals in the Northeast U.S., we deliver solutions.
Looking ahead

To be direct, our 2009 plans are more modest than we envisioned a year ago. Being the "company of choice" means making the right choices ­ at the right time and for the right reasons. As such, we have aligned our goals with our customers' changing needs, which reflect current market realities, and have reduced our 2009 capital spending for business expansion to $500 million. This prudent move does not significantly alter our long-term growth prospects. In fact, we fully expect to proceed with most of our planned expansion projects once we see a return to more favorable economic conditions. We are wisely managing costs. We've reduced our salary increases and expect our personnel levels to be five percent below our original expectations for 2009. Given a smaller expansion capital budget this year, we've reduced our U.S. project contractor group by half. These actions alone should result in cash savings in 2009 of more than $50 million. We are focused and we're relying on long-term fundamentals: the great performance and potential of our employees; strong, consistent value from core assets; keeping our commitment to customers; unyielding business ethics; sound and flexible financial management; and a dedication to working safely, operating with excellence and delivering results.
2009 commitments

Our 2009 commitments to you fall into several categories. We will be the supplier of choice for customers and the partner of choice for communities. In challenging times, those companies that continue to provide superior customer service and remain connected to their communities differentiate themselves. Spectra Energy will stand out in 2009 as a company committed to the long-term success of our customers and communities. We expect to bring 10 expansion projects into service this year. The projects reach across our system, from the J-2 loop on our Algonquin pipeline that will provide greater Boston area customers with additional volumes... to the Northern Bridge expansion of our Texas Eastern system that will help Rocky Mountain suppliers move gas into major Northeast markets... to the South Peace pipeline in northeast British Columbia that will link production with existing infrastructure. Customers across North America are hungry for our service ­ and we will deliver.

Spectra Energy 2008 Summary Annual Report 3

We will be the investment opportunity of choice for investors. There are many compelling reasons to own Spectra Energy: We have an enviable, irreplaceable and increasing asset position that serves growing markets. We enjoy the advantage of financial flexibility, ongoing access to capital and an investment-grade balance sheet. We're committed to a healthy $1 dividend per share in 2009, and with 80 percent of our expected 2009 EBIT coming from our stable, fee-based business units, we will manage through the current downturn ­ and grow earnings and value over the long term. We will be the employer of choice for individuals. We are committed to developing our people and fostering an open, innovative and high-performing culture. We know investors and customers alike realize the benefits of a healthy human pipeline of skills, knowledge and leadership. We will be the advisor of choice for governments and regulators. We will fulfill our commitment to be active, progressive participants on the energy, environmental and regulatory policy fronts ­ in both the U.S. and Canada. This is important work, and we believe that natural gas ­ under virtually any economic or political scenario ­ has a vital role to play in delivering clean, safe and domestically produced energy to North America. Clearly, President Obama's administration has some new perspectives on energy supply, use and sustainability, and we must work with them to ensure that any changes in energy, taxation and environmental policy or legislation do not derail the investment opportunities that our company and industry are willing to undertake to promote economic growth, employment and a secure energy future. A lot has changed in our world and in our markets. More change is surely headed our way. I can't predict when we'll see economic recovery. What I can tell you is that opportunities will emerge ­ and that your company will seize those that make sense and add value. I can also tell you that this remains an extraordinary time to be in our business. Natural gas is critically needed to address both demand growth and the environmental imperative of reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Natural gas is a "fuel of choice" ­ and Spectra Energy will be the "company of choice." I am privileged to work alongside the "team of choice" ­ the talented men and women of Spectra Energy who deliver exemplary service and value every day. On behalf of that team, I want to thank Fred Fowler for his tremendous contributions to launching and growing this company. He has set a high bar in terms of leadership expectations, and I will build upon that foundation. I also wish to express my gratitude to Paul Anderson for his role as chairman, and for his long-standing commitment to the success of Spectra Energy and its predecessor companies. I look forward to his ongoing contribution as a board member. We are equally fortunate to have Bill Esrey rotate into the chairman's role. Bill's experience and knowledge, combined with that of our other board members, provides a highly valued level of counsel and support. Finally, thank you for your ongoing commitment to ownership of this great company.

Gregory L. Ebel, president and chief executive officer

4

