To Our Shareholders
We are pleased to report that our 60th year was a record one in terms of both sales and profits. Our fiscal 2009 sales were $1,280,684,000, an increase of 18.5% over the prior year. Our net earnings were $18,765,000 or $1.53 per share, up 134%.
These results reflect the Company’s decision to adopt the LIFO (Last In, First Out) method of inventory accounting last year. If Seneca had remained on a FIFO (First In, First Out) method of inventory accounting, the results would have been an all-time record of $93,042,000 in pre-tax operating earnings, up from $42,644,000 in pre-tax operating earnings the prior year on the same basis. The decision to adopt the LIFO method of inventory accounting reduced our 2009 pre-tax earnings by $58,333,000, which in turn reduced Seneca’s current year tax liability by $20,417,000. We believe the decision to be on the LIFO method of inventory accounting has been prudent in the inflationary environment of the past several years, as it enables Seneca to better match current costs with current revenues, significantly reducing our current year tax liability and improving our cash position.
The primary reasons for this outstanding performance were twofold; our steadfast commitment to cost control in the face of rapid inflation, and strong demand for our products, particularly on the retail side of our business, as consumers looked for ways to cut their grocery bills and stretch their overall budgets. As the recession took hold, consumer shopping patterns shifted quickly to purchasing more dry good products like canned fruits and vegetables, and many consumers traded down in pricing to store brands as well.
As a result, last year consumers bought a record 1.1 billion cans of private label fruits and vegetables from Seneca, up by 116 million cans from the prior year. This trend shows no signs of slowing. In addition, retail grocers are renewing their commitment to private label as a way of meeting consumer demands and developing shopper loyalty. As the largest supplier of private label canned vegetables and the second largest supplier of private label canned fruits in the country, we are ideally suited to continue to benefit from this trend.
Not surprisingly, our food service business softened as consumers slowed the frequency of their dining out experiences. In addition, many of the institutional users of our products such as nursing homes, schools and other mass feeding establishments faced a spending crunch as food prices rose faster than did their food budgets. Our international business also slowed as the dollar strengthened during the financial crisis, making our products more expensive to customers around the globe. While canned fruits and vegetables are considered to be staples in the U.S., many parts of the world consider our products to be more of a discretionary purchase when budgets are tight. These areas of softness were more than offset by the strength in our domestic retail business.
This record sales performance was in part due to the fact that we were forced to pass on significant increases in our costs last year. Steel, produce, and fuel costs were all at peak levels last fall when our processing plants were in full swing. While the sales organization was tasked with increasing selling prices which would normally slow sales, we were successful in selling more cases than any time in our history.
Looking back to last fall’s processing season, our field staff did an excellent job of contracting acres, despite competition from corn for ethanol and other competing crops. While we had to contract further away from our plants than we do in more normal years, we were able to obtain all of our needed acres. Mother Nature was also generally cooperative, resulting in a record season, in terms of cases produced.
Our twenty processing plants and strategically located distribution facilities were critical to our ability to meet the increased consumer demand. The fall processing season also coincides with our heaviest selling season of the year. With consumer demand for retail canned fruits and vegetables soaring, we were able to fulfill our retail customers’ needs for product without issue. One cannot underestimate the complexity of this task, as we require just five days lead time for an order that may have as many as 50 different items that would make up a truck load of product destined to a customer. In any given week we label, case, and ship over 1,500 truckloads of product.
In addition, as the only major food processor in the country that manufactures its own cans, we were able to stay abreast of the rapidly escalating steel prices and mitigated those cost increases through innovation and the timing of steel purchases. Over the next two years we plan on investing over $10
million dollars in our can-making operations to meet the increasing demand for our products as well as innovation initiatives.
Our fruit business had a very good year, in part due to an April freeze that reduced the peach pack, which required us to raise prices to remain a 52-week supplier. Despite rising produce costs, rising operating costs, and the challenging business climate in California, we continue to invest in our fruit business with capital projects that are designed to improve product quality, lower costs, and develop new innovative ways to deliver fruit to consumers. For example, we launched a new clear 24.5 ounce plastic jar. This coming year, we are introducing a six ounce cup of fruit which offers 50% more fruit than the traditional plastic cup. These items are offered to our customers for either their private label or our Libby’s® brand.
As we look forward, input cost swings have continued to be volatile. Many input costs, like fuel and produce, have come down from their highs of last fall, but are nowhere near their lower levels of just a few years ago. Meanwhile, the tin-plated steel suppliers pushed through another major increase, despite the slowing economy, which will result in our overall costs going up again this year. This is requiring us to continue to advance selling prices, albeit at a lower rate of increase than last year.
Our long-term supply relationship with General Mills remains strong and forward looking. As the major supplier of many of the Green Giant brand canned and frozen vegetable products, this business represents 18% of our overall revenues. It is a long-term cost plus tolling fee arrangement, with five years of the initial 20 years remaining on the contract. We have been in discussions with General Mills on how best to move this forward to ensure that the relationship continues well beyond the five years. We expect this to be accomplished before the end of 2009.
Also, we expect improved results from our snack chip business. Over the past few years, this business has been plagued by rising costs and lower volumes. Recently, we began producing a new chip item for a major snack company whose volumes are projected to be significant. We are also rolling out several new snack items of our own including new seasonal flavored versions of the Seneca® apple chips and a potato snack called Spud Crunch®.
Our fruit business will be challenged by the global economic slowdown which is impacting worldwide demand for peach products. With the strong U.S. dollar and a global oversupply of peaches, we already are experiencing increased pressure from imported peaches from South America and China. Seneca and our growers must work together to assure that American grown and processed fruit products are cost competitive to defend against import competition.
Nevertheless, the trends in the U.S. remain encouraging for the continued growth in consumption of our products. Americans continue to become more and more aware of the importance of diet in their overall health. The U.S. Government has demonstrably committed itself to improving our diets through significant increases in funding for both education and actual purchases of fruits and vegetables for school lunch programs and needy family feeding. As a result, Seneca sold $78 million of canned fruits and vegetables to the U.S. Government this year, up 70% from the prior year.
We also see no let up in the trend toward private label. Private label quality and value are becoming more and more attractive to consumers and retailers. In canned fruits and vegetables, private label already have a 40 plus percent market share. In addition, retailers are interested in developing innovative new products and packaging for their private label, which we are heavily supporting. While our international and food service businesses will be more susceptible to economic trends and currency fluctuations, the overall demand for our products continues to grow.
In summary, we are celebrating our 60th year of business with record results and optimism about our future. With the support of over 3,000 farmers and nearly 10,000 employees, we continue to look for ways of expanding our business of processing fruit and vegetables in ways that make a difference in the lives of families around the world and here at home.
  Chairman
President & Chief Executive Officer
2
