To Our Shareholders
Our 62nd year was a challenging one for the company. Fiscal 2011 sales were lower by 6.7% to $1,194,612,000 from the prior year of $1,280,110,000. Net earnings declined by 63.5% to $17,671,000 or $1.45 per diluted share from $48,411,000 or $3.96 per diluted share.
The lower sales and earnings stemmed from a marked decline in selling prices in our core commodities. While Seneca sold approximately the same number of cases of canned and frozen fruits and vegetables, it was at much lower prices reflecting the inventory oversupply situation that existed for much of the fiscal year. The results also reflect a LIFO credit this year of $7,852,000 versus a LIFO charge of $11,242,000, or a positive swing of $19,094,000 in pre-tax costs as a result of a 1.7% decline in our overall production costs.
The inventory oversupply was a result of the favorable growing conditions over the past two years for many of our crops, which resulted in above budget packs in several key commodities. It is an unfortunate fact that when Mother Nature provides excellent weather for her crops across our growing regions, we are faced with having more product than we can normally sell. By the very nature of our business, we pack most of our products only one time each year during a relatively short harvesting window, and we must sell what we pack in order to run our plants as efficiently as possible.
The difficult conditions have also impacted our Alliance agreement with General Mills for the production of Green Giant brand vegetables. Our sales to General Mills declined 20.1% for the year, as their case demand was reduced because they, too, were faced with the same higher than expected inventories due to Mother Nature. In fiscal 2011, sales to General Mills accounted for 16.0% of our total revenues. They remain a very important strategic partner to Seneca.
Throughout these downturns in our history, Seneca has emerged intact, and even stronger. Difficult market conditions often create opportunities for us to make acquisitions in market segments that fit into our overall strategic direction. For example, this fiscal year, we completed the acquisition of the assets of Unilink, LLC, and the purchase of its sister company, Lebanon Valley Cold Storage, LP. Located in southeastern Pennsylvania, Unilink was a rapidly growing re-processor of frozen vegetable and fruit products. This acquisition increases our share of the packaged private label frozen fruit and vegetable markets as well as internalizing production of core commodities that Unilink was buying from other processors. While Seneca is a major canner of fruits and vegetables, our position in frozen products is much smaller, representing just 7.4% of our revenues (excluding Green Giant frozen), and is a potential avenue for future growth.
Another opportunity for growth is our pipeline of new products that allow Seneca to enter into interesting new markets. In February 2011, we introduced the first microwaveable oatmeal and fruit cup under our Seneca Farms brand. This is a convenient ready to eat product that requires no added hot water or other ingredients. It has already gained enthusiastic acceptance among retailers and food service purveyors. In addition, we rolled out a line of gourmet potato and onion snack products, also under our Seneca Farms brand, produced at our snack facility in Yakima, Washington. This plant has traditionally relied on contract packing business for its growth, and represents our first foray into the huge salty snack business on a direct basis.
Looking to the future, one of the challenges we face is higher input costs as a result of strong commodity markets for crops like soybeans, wheat, and field corn. In addition, we face higher fuel and steel prices, due to worldwide demand. As a result, we will be forced to raise prices to reflect these costs with the new processing season. It remains to be seen what impact higher prices will have on consumer demand. In the past, it has been accepted because our products are a very good value compared to other alternatives.
Higher costs will lead to one certainty, a significant charge to earnings as a result of the company being on LIFO accounting for inventory valuation purposes. Seneca converted to LIFO accounting in fiscal 2008 in anticipation of inflation, and in the four years since has built an $89,888,000 LIFO reserve. We anticipate another significant increase to the reserve this year, which will negatively impact our reported results.
All in all, as we work our way through one of those downturns that periodically occur, we remain very confident in our future. Our experience tells us that it takes time to work through the excess inventories, and return to improved profitability. In the meantime, we will continue to do what has made us successful over the years, which is to reinvest our cash back into the company in pursuit of lower costs, and under the right circumstances, make strategic acquisitions. Processing 120 million cases of fruits and vegetables each year takes a lot of hard work and commitment, and we would like to thank the nearly 10,000 employees and 3,000 growers, who help to make sure that our products remain affordable to the millions of Americans who depend on us to assist them in feeding their families.
We would also like to thank two of our directors, Brymer Humphreys and Bob Brady, who are retiring from the Board at the annual meeting after a combined 50 years of service. Their wise counsel over several decades helped us grow into one of the leading fruit and vegetable processors in North America.
Chairman
President & Chief Executive Officer
2
