To Our Shareholders
For those of you that have owned our shares for many years, you will recognize that fiscal year 2004 was a milestone year for your company due to its acquisition of Chiquita Brands’ Processed Foods subsidiary. This acquisition has created the largest canned vegetable company in the world with a number one share in private label, number one share in food service, number one share in export, and a strong number three share in branded canned vegetables. It has resulted in a significant increase in revenues for Seneca, and has importantly positioned us for long-term success supplying the rapidly consolidating world of food retailing and food service provisioning.
Our fiscal year 2004 net income was $12,941,000 or $1.17 per share versus $9,050,000 or $0.88 per share in fiscal year 2003 on sales of $887,756,000 versus $644,379,000. Because our business operates in mature categories, our sales growth is almost exclusively due to the acquisition.
From the beginning of the negotiations with Chiquita, we had envisioned divesting a portion of the assets to help pay down debt. In June and August, we sold four of the 12 facilities acquired to Lakeside Foods, Inc. for $46 million including the inventories associated with those facilities. This allowed us to decrease our short-term borrowing facility by a like amount, and that combined with the fact that we issued $16 million in convertible preferred stock to Chiquita as part of the acquisition, ensured that our balance sheet remains strong.
We viewed the Chiquita Processed Foods acquisition as a deal that we had been anticipating for years. Beginning in 1995 with the acquisition of six vegetable processing plants from Pillsbury, followed by several smaller acquisitions, Seneca has been taking a leadership role in consolidating the processed vegetable industry. In fact, Chiquita had also been an active consolidator, acquiring four smaller processors over the past six years. The Chiquita Processed Foods acquisition was the latest and largest in a series of acquisitions that we viewed as necessary in order to drive down costs to remain competitively priced at the store shelf. You will see on page 24, the roots of our company and the long history of many of these companies that came together to form today’s Seneca Foods.
As well prepared and experienced as we are in acquisitions, there can be little question of the challenges faced by our employees in integrating Chiquita Processed Foods into our company. We did not make it any easier on ourselves by divesting four plants and the related businesses shortly after the acquisition. If judged by customer retention and reductions in SG&A costs, we have made great progress toward our goal of profitably integrating the business into Seneca. However, much remains to be completed in terms of purchasing, production and logistics synergies, and the company is proactively working toward the day when the integration is successfully finished.
What does this acquisition mean to Seneca in terms of strategic positioning? While we added several new products such as canned meats, dry soak beans, and pumpkin, as well as strong regional brands such as Stokely’s®, Read®, Festal®, and Diamond A®, this acquisition ultimately has positioned the company to be the primary supplier of choice to the retail and food service industry for their own labels. Customer owned brands now account for approximately 50% of all canned vegetable sales. Private label, or Own Brand as the customers prefer to call it, is the area that has the greatest meaning to our customers and, therefore, to Seneca. We sell our customer base dozens of different canned and frozen vegetable products in many different sizes for their own label. Our customers today have very high expectations from their private label suppliers to sell them high quality product with very short lead times. We have positioned ourselves to meet those needs.
As part of this strategy, Seneca has embarked on an ambitious plan to build warehouses and to install high speed label lines. Currently, we are building warehouses at our facilities in Geneva, NY and Cambria and Janesville, WI. This will allow us to exit leased warehousing at distant locations reducing interplant freight and damage. In addition, Seneca has purchased the latest
technology available in electronic sorting equipment in order to exceed the quality expectations of our customers and consumers.
While we move aggressively ahead with our plans, we are experiencing familiar and some unfamiliar challenges. For example, Seneca is facing significant inflationary pressures on its raw material inputs such as steel for our cans, produce, and fuel. These rapidly increasing input costs have created an environment whereby our case costs are going up, and we are raising prices to reflect these increased costs. What remains to be seen is the impact on consumption of our products when these price increases are introduced to the consumer. We are anticipating some reduction in sales, and have closed a plant in northeastern Wisconsin to adjust to these new realities. It is not inconceivable that further adjustments in production will be necessary, depending on consumer takeaway.
Additionally, the cost of being a public company has increased significantly. We continue to face more legal and regulatory reporting requirements that cost time and money including higher legal, auditing, and other outside service provider fees. The added expenses of being a public company are being borne by you as shareholders.
Also, as part of the new regulations, Seneca is standing a new independent director, Tom Paulson, Chief Financial Officer of Innovex, Inc. for election this year to assure that we are in compliance with all of the independence rules with respect to the Board and its Committees. Tom is familiar with Seneca, having been a Vice President--Finance with Pillsbury and an outside observer to our Board proceedings for several years as a representative of Pillsbury.
Our Alliance with General Mills is facing some challenges as well. This year’s volume requirements by General Mills are down somewhat, which will impact our overhead absorption and resulting profitability. We remain in very close contact discussing ways of reducing costs and adding profitable opportunities into the Alliance. As we enter our 10th year, it still stands as a successful example of creating efficiencies in production to assure the lowest possible costs.
Overall, we are optimistic about the future and the opportunities that the new Seneca will have to create shareholder value. Our approach this coming year will be to continue our work to integrate the acquisition and harvest the cost savings associated with the combination. These efforts should result in improving profitability and cash generation. While we remain in a commodity business with a heavy reliance on agriculture, our strategic efforts will go toward improving the overall margins and reducing the cyclical pressures on the underlying business.
Finally, we wish to thank our employees for their hard work and splendid efforts this year. The Chiquita heritage employees have joined with the Seneca employees to work together in a professional manner to get the job done. We also want to thank Mike Haney, President of the Vegetable Division, who announced that he will be retiring at the end of this year. Mike joined Seneca with our acquisition of Libby’s in 1982, and is ending a 44-year career in an industry where he is considered one of its deans. His contribution to Seneca’s success over the years has been enormous and we will miss his strong leadership. Paul Palmby, another experienced veteran of our company, will take his role as President in January.
                                                                                                       2
Chairman
President & Chief Executive Officer
