Fiscal 2014 earnings lagged prior year results by a significant amount. Net earnings were $13,779,000 or $1.23 per diluted share on sales of
$1,340,208,000 compared to prior year net earnings of$41,413,000 or $3.57 per diluted share on sales of$1,276,297,000. This was primarily  caused by a combination of higher input costs and a determined effort by the company to get its finished goods inventories in line.

The higher input costs also resulted in a significant charge to earnings due to our being on Last In, First Out (LIFO) for our inventory accounting methodology. The LIFO charge for fiscal 2014 was $20,370,000 compared to a LIFO credit the prior year of $4,213,000.  This $24,583,000  swing was a significant reason for the decline in profitability over the prior year; however, we remain convinced that our decision to convert to LIFO in Fiscal 2008 was a wise one. Over the seven year period, we have built up a LIFO reserve of $153,384,000  which would  have been considered  taxable profits had we remained on the prior inventory accounting methodology.

Looking back on the year, it is our view that the lower earnings are not representative of any longer term trends or the potential of our company. Rather, it is a function of our aggressively dealing with excess inventories that had been building up over the prior year.  As we entered  fiscal 2014, we knew we were facing some serious profitability headwinds due to high inventory levels and inflationary cost pressures.

The high inventory levels were a function of a strong vegetable growing season in several of our commodities during the prior year. This issue was exacerbated by challenges in our relatively small frozen vegetable business, where we had planned for growth that failed to materialize.  Going into  the year, we had several million cases of excess canned green beans and corn, and almost a year's supply worth of excess frozen  green  beans and corn. While the canned side of the business remained profitable, it was at lower margins as we aggressively pursued and won several major USDA School lunch bids at low prices among other efforts to bring our canned inventories into line. Our frozen vegetable business posted losses as we were challenged by significant discounting in order to sell the excess supply. The good news is that we have successfully  worked our way  through  the issue in both canned and frozen vegetables, and we will be entering the new pack season in reasonably good shape.

The canned fruit side of our business was just the opposite story. Representing 19.7% of our sales, we had a nicely profitable selling season despite  the higher costs of cans and raw materials. We entered the year with low inventories as a result of a small 2012 crop, and then the 2013 crop also fell short of its budgeted expectations due to poor weather during the growing season. Consequently, our company has struggled to maintain sufficient canned fruit inventories to meet customer needs for two years running.

While profitable, the fruit business is struggling with continued competitive pressure from alternative crops such as nuts that do not require nearly as much labor in the field. Consequently, many of our longstanding farmers have been pulling their fruit trees as their orchards reach the end of their productive lives, replacing them with alternatives that are easier to maintain and harvest. This set of circumstances has made it almost a given that peach and pear supplies will be short for the next several years barring excellent crop conditions. Some of our competitors are supplementing their supplies with product from overseas; however we do not believe that this approach is in our best interest, and we are determined  to protect and  rebuild the California fruit canning industry. We aim to do this by offering our grower partners longer term contracts along with our proven track record that we represent a reliable home for their crops.

Our small snack business also posted another profitable year. Our Seneca Apple Chips tend to be an impulse purchase  item for shoppers in the produce section of supermarkets. With an improving economy, we are finding that consumers are more willing to purchase our products. We are introducing two new flavors this fall, Sea Salt Caramel and Birthday Cake (to celebrate our 20 years selling our apple chips!). We look forward to another profitable year ahead in this business as several new contract customers will be coming on line.

While our organization was busy working on getting the inventories back in line during the year, we were also busy working on several exciting projects to respond to shifting consumer purchasing behaviors. For example, we successfully launched organic canned pumpkin as part of a larger effort to expand our business in organically grown produce. This coming year, we have significantly expanded the number of organic acres under contract to meet the needs of this growing market.

We also launched a line of vegetables in plastic cups similar to what has been on the shelf for years in fruits. These single serve items sold in a four pack sleeve has been enthusiastically accepted by the consumers who like the ease of use and smaller size. As a result, we intend on bringing out additional items using this package this coming fall.

We introduced for the first time sweet com packed in shelf stable pouches. These pouches were sized for the institutional market and mostly sold to export customers in Asia. Our export customers were pleased with the product and are doubling their booking of the product for the coming season. We also plan on offering a full range of bean items such as kidneys and garbanzos in large pouches this year.

This fall, we are introducing a line of vegetables packed in pouches for the retail market. These stand-up microwavable pouches will be marketed under our Libby's brand, and are intended to target the younger consumer for whom preparation time and ease of use are of paramount importance.
 
Along the same lines, immediately after year end, Seneca acquired a 50% ownership interest in Truitt Brothers, Inc.  Truitt  Brothers  is  an experienced provider of food solutions packaged primarily in pouches and trays with two state of the art plants in Salem, Oregon, and London, Kentucky. Their proven ability  to deliver delicious meal solutions in innovative  packaging  fits well with our company's future direction  as we look to expand beyond our traditional offerings. The acquisition also comes with an option to purchase the remaining shares at a point in the future.

In combination with these new initiatives, we have launched a company-wide effort to change the way we communicate what we do as a company to consumers. This includes a completely new website at www.senecafoods.com, and a new corporate logo and tagline as seen on the cover of this  report. The tagline of 'Farm Fresh Goodness Made Great' captures the essence of what we do as a company. We harvest fresh produce right off the family farm, and we make it even better by locking in the vitamins, flavor and texture so that consumers may enjoy it at their convenience all year long.

We believe that we are leading the way in providing prepared, ready to eat fruits and vegetables to consumers around the world through a variety of packaging solutions including canned, frozen, glass and plastic jars, cups and pouches. Consumers are also counting on our company to deliver those products at a low cost. That is why we remain committed to being vertically integrated where it makes sense including our own seed research and milling operations and can-making facilities. This past year, we made significant capital investments in both through the installation of a new com husk, dry, shell and seed milling operation in our Buhl, Idaho facility, and the installation of a new can-making line in our Payette, Idaho plant to  serve our Northwest U.S. canneries.

We also continue to invest in major sustainability and energy conservation projects. For example this year,  we added a fleet of compressed  natural gas fuelled trucks to haul Seneca's products between our Midwest plant  locations.  You can learn more about this project and many  more examples  of our commitment to sustainability in our Corporate Responsibility Report posted on the new website.

As we look ahead to fiscal 2015, it remains too early to predict the impact of the coming crop season. However, cost pressures in the vegetable business appear to have eased a bit, and we would not expect a big LIFO charge to earnings should the crops come in as planned. When combined with the fact that our inventories are in better shape going into the production season, we are cautiously optimistic that a better year is ahead.

As described above, the company has many exciting new initiatives  underway  in addition to the annual challenge of packing over 100 million cases of quality foods during the short harvest window. As we celebrate our 65th year in business, we fully understand  that  our  company's accomplishments are due to our over 10,000 dedicated employees and the over 2,000 farmers who supply us our crops, and we thank them for their support.

While this past year brought its own set of challenges, we continue to believe that our strategy of reinvesting our earnings back into the company and managing for the long run is the right one. Since we went on LIFO seven years ago, our LIFO adjusted tangible  book value  per share has increased  by 97.3% or 10.2% compounded annually. Meanwhile our share price has lagged, increasing only 16.0% or 2.1% compounded annually, during the same period. While the share price may not always follow the underlying value creation, shareholders with the long term view are generally rewarded for their patience.
jJt/Jl/d-
Chairman	President & Chief Executive Officer
