To Our Shareholders
Fiscal year 2005 was a challenging one as the benefits of the prior year’s acquisition of Chiquita Processed Foods were offset by a rapid increase in input costs and a difficult growing season. As a result, Seneca Foods earned $7,907,000 or $.70 per share in fiscal year 2005 versus $12,941,000 or $1.17 per share in fiscal year 2004. This was on sales of $864,274,000 versus $890,850,000. As is often the case, the numbers do not tell the entire story, and we remain upbeat about the Company’s future.
Duringthefirstsixmonthsoffiscalyear2005,theCompanywas profitable, reaping the benefits of one of the largest acquisitions in our 55-year history. However, as we approached the new pack season, the cost of key commodity inputs such as steel, natural gas, and fuel was rising quickly. As a result, our can, transportation, plant energy, and other logistical costs were significantly higher than the prior year. As many of our customer contracts are semi-annual or annual in nature, we were not in a position to fully pass along these higher costs. This condition continues into the new fiscal year until the expiry of these commitments.
Last summer and fall, we also experienced a difficult growing season. In our primary agricultural areas of Minnesota, Wisconsin, and New York, we had one of the coldest Augusts on record and, in fact, it was the first time in 100 years that the month of August had lower average temperatures than September. These unusual weather patterns slowed our harvest considerably as our crops did not mature on a timely basis due to the cool weather. Many crops were still in the ground when the first frost hit in late September. This impacted us in a dramatic fashion as our costs increased by over $20 million in just a two-week period in early October due to the reduced recoveries and product left in the field. Our Company was hurt more than some of our competitors because our production is more heavily weighted in the state of Minnesota where the impact of the freeze was most severe.
Furthermore, a reduction in canned and frozen case volume requirements from our Alliance partner, General Mills, resulted in excess capacity within our existing plant configuration. Working closely with General Mills to determine the long-term implications of their reduced needs, we decided to close a facility in Walla Walla, Washington in order to realign the capacity with the demands. Fortunately, we were able to negotiate future reimbursement for the plant closing from General Mills on a mutually satisfactory basis.
During fiscal year 2005, we completed several initiatives that involved plant consolidations. We closed a green bean plant in upstate New York and a cream style corn plant in northeastern Wisconsin. Both of these opportunities were borne out of the acquisition as we were able to realize substantial savings by moving the volumes into our other plants with minimal capital investment. Also, we restructured the newly acquired Payette, Idaho plant to remove canned meat and to focus exclusively on beans. This decision turned the operation from a loss to a profit in a short period of time. These closings and restructurings resulted in a charge to earnings of $7,678,000. These projects were mostly non-cash charges that will lower our future cost of operations.
Finally, like all public companies, we have been financially impacted by the passage of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The implementation costs were at least $2,500,000 in fiscal year 2005 as our Company aggressively worked to comply with the intent of the law. As this was the first year for Seneca to comply with Section 404 of the Act on internal controls, there have been many start-up expenses that should not be repeated. This was a very challenging project for our Company as we have grown through acquisitions in recent years.
As we look forward to the upcoming year, we will be taking a breather on capital investments in our vegetable processing plants. For the past two years, Seneca has been busy working on integrating the Chiquita Processed Foods acquisition with all of the attendant investments in modernizing the newly acquired plants, the harvesting equipment, and warehousing. This effort is essentially complete, so with a single-minded focus toward operational excellence this year, we expect to reap the rewards of our hard work and investment. As we focus on canned and frozen vegetables, we intend to divest some smaller non-core areas including our glace fruit and canned meat business. We are in discussions with parties to divest these small product lines with total sales of less than $5 million.
Our biggest challenge remains the increases associated with steel and energy. Higher steel prices alone are going to impact our upcoming pack by over $15 million. We are addressing this challenge with added investment in our can-manufacturing plants to reduce the metal content in our cans with the newest technology available. Also, we are expanding the capacities of the can-making operations to meet the additional requirements from the Chiquita Processed Foods acquisition.
In our Snack Chip business, we have been seeing encouraging trends as the low-carbohydrate diet fad appears to have ended. We have developed some interesting new uses for our apple chips, including a salad topping for a nationally recognized restaurant chain, as well as an ingredient for trail-mix type products. Our potato chip business has also rebounded as our contract packing customers have increased bookings for the coming year.
In conclusion, Seneca stands today as the largest canned vegetable company in the world, with state-of-the-art plants and warehouses, an experienced workforce, and a complete dedication to success. While this past year was a challenging one in terms of profits, we remain confident that the steps that Seneca has taken over the past decade to become the leader in our industry will reward our shareholders.
                                                                                                       Chairman
President & Chief Executive Officer
2
