M essa g e
from the

P resident

During the past year, the Society for Neuroscience focused on fulfilling our mission to advance the field and on building for the future. In this report, I am pleased to highlight progress on three important areas in support of this mission: steps toward acquiring an SfN headquarters building, progress in crucial areas of exciting neuroscience research, and our programs and activities that sustain and nurture the field. The Society's first-ever headquarters building in downtown Washington, DC, scheduled for completion in early 2006, symbolizes the emergence of the Society as a prominent, visible scientific organization, and will help us ensure our programs and financial security for years to come. Articles on three crucial areas of research describe science in progress and the prospects for understanding brain disorders and improving treatments. They focus on neurodegenerative disorders, mental illness, and stem cell research. Neuroscientists and the public are excited by these areas of investigation, and we all understand the need to balance promise with reality -- that advances to help patients take much time and dedicated hard work.

fy2005 ann ual rep ort | building for the fu t ure



Throughout the year, we emphasized our cus on how basic research on the understanding core mission areas of scientific excellence, pro- of neural systems has or is leading to treatments fessional development, science advocacy, and for brain disorders. Another video will focus on public education. Improvements to our an- the healthy brain and the factors important for nual meeting and The Journal of Neuroscience aging well. They will illustrate a redefinition of strengthened those important venues for the translational neuroscience, emphasizing basic exchange of the highest quality research find- research in the quest to overcome disease and ings. Our professional development activities promote healthy brain functioning throughout increased and expanded to include more scien- our lives. tists from around the world. Science advocacy efforts included a special event on CapiThe SfN meeting continues to be the place tol Hill explaining the importance of mental for the presentation of the latest cutting-edge health parity legislation. Public education research spanning the field of neuroscience. included several highprofile Brain Awareness Week events, and the updating and expansion of Brain Facts, our primer on the brain and nervous system for The Society's other primary source for the lay audiences. exchange of the latest science -- The Journal of The venue for the presentation of the latest Neuroscience -- witnessed a significant increase results in all areas of neuroscience is our annual in content and visibility, ranking first in total meeting, which in San Diego in 2004 was the citations in its category. The Journal also took largest ever with more than 31,500 attendees, a significant step in January, 2005 to ensure 16,054 abstract presentations, a new format public access to scientific research by making known as minisymposia of which there were complete archives freely available from issues 27, and 611 exhibitors -- the most ever. The published 12 months earlier. SfN meeting continues to be the place for the In February, SfN leaders made the scienpresentation of the latest cutting-edge research tific case for mental health parity at a briefing spanning the field of neuroscience. Neurosci- on Capitol Hill. Sponsored by SfN in conjuncence 2004 was also the venue for the unveiling tion with the office of Rep. Patrick Kennedy of the National Institute of Health's Neurosci- (D-RI), the briefing showed high-level congresence Blueprint that outlined new initiatives for sional staffers how mental health disorders have sharing resources in advancing the research en- a biological basis and often coexist and interact terprise. with other illnesses, and urged policymakers to Under the leadership of SfN President mandate that insurance companies give mental Anne Young, a new feature in 2004 was the in- disorders the same weight in coverage as other troduction of four patient videos shown before illnesses. talks at the Presidential Symposium and Public To sustain continued growth in the field, Lecture. These videos on Alzheimer's disease, the Society launched several professional develParkinson's disease, Huntington's disease, and opment initiatives. In one, SfN's International amyotrophic lateral sclerosis put a human face Affairs Committee helped organize a course on on these devastating disorders for our mem- epilepsy at Rhodes University in Grahamstown, bers, many of whom have little contact with South Africa. In April, I had the opportunity patients. These videos were also were utilized in to address the seventh biannual conference of SfN's educational and advocacy activities. the Society of Neuroscientists of Africa in Cape Throughout the year, the Program Com- Town, South Africa. This was a wonderful opmittee and SfN staff worked to prepare for Neu- portunity to support and validate neuroscience roscience 2005. This year, the video series will fo- research conducted in developing countries, and


fy2005 ann ual rep ort | building for the fu t ure

to encourage international collaboration. These activities are important opportunities to build bridges with scientists in other countries; and represent one of the best ways to help our colleagues in developing nations build, foster, and maintain neuroscience institutions of excellence. Also in the spring, the Society played a role in sponsoring Brain Awareness Week events. In Washington, DC, Society leaders and SfN staff hosted an event at Francis Junior High School. I spoke with students there about how the brain learns and remembers. Members of our Potomac chapter engaged students in brain puzzles and games. In videotaped messages, Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and Rep. Ben Chandler (D-KY) welcomed participants to a BAW event sponsored by the Bluegrass chapter in Kentucky and discussed statistics on the prevalence of various brain disorders. Among important items on the radar screen for the development of SfN's next strategic plan are providing for students and neuroscientists in developing nations and finding new ways to advance public understanding of neuroscience in support of biomedical research funding. Other issues include membership growth, professional development, diversity, the annual meeting, open access publishing, establishing a reserve fund for The Journal, science policy issues, public education, and SfN committee restructuring. While the four mainstays of our overall mission will remain, new and existing challenges will require new solutions. Council has already begun discussing these challenges and our goals. I am confident that continuing progress can be achieved with the leadership of President-Elect Stephen Heinemann and the SfN Council, and with your support. Making wise decisions in these strategic areas will be vital to the continued growth of SfN's membership and programs. Our membership has grown by 30 percent during the past few years -- a phenomenal rate that will be a challenge to sustain. I am encouraged by these statistics because they indicate that the Society offers value to its members, and if we continue to stay focused, this trend will continue in the years ahead. I am also encouraged by the knowledge that the Society's finances are sound thanks to the prudent decisions made by previous SfN leaders. As you can see from the financial statements in this report, for the second straight year

we have in reserves a sum in excess of one year's budget. Our favorable financial status made it possible for the Society to initiate the process of purchasing a headquarters building that will provide an additional revenue stream that will allow us to further strengthen and expand our programs. The new building also will provide the Society's staff with a pleasant, productive, and environmentally responsible place to work, and our committees and the staff with adequate meeting space. Acquiring the new building clearly marks a milestone in the maturity of neuroscience as a field and the Society as a scientific organization. We soon will have a visible, physical symbol in our nation's capital that represents -- and is the result of -- the many achievements of our members during the 35 years since the Society's founding. It is an accomplishment of which we all can be very proud. The new headquarters building represents a work in progress, and is emblematic of the Society's programs and research progress described throughout this report that are important as SfN and the field of neuroscience build for the future. All of these activities are connected. They help to enable neuroscientists and the field to uncover the experimental pathways that will help us to understand the underlying mechanisms of how the brain and nervous system function, and help us to craft better treatments for disease. The more we are able to decipher these systems, the closer we are to lifting the burden of neurological and psychiatric illnesses. We must do all we can to speed this effort and to enlist the support of society as a whole to continue the extraordinary progress of neuroscience research. Along with my colleagues on the SfN Council, and the neuroscience leaders who chair our committees, I invite you to examine this record. And I encourage you to think about ways that you can participate in this important enterprise to ensure an extended and healthy lifespan for people everywhere. Sincerely,

Carol A. Barnes, President society for neuroscience


fy2005 ann ual rep ort | building for the fu t ure

