  message
President
Looking back over FY2011, the neuroscience field continued to generate exciting and innovative scientific advances — although the fiscal outlook and research funding in many nations remain uncertain. Given both scientific promise and external challenges, the Society for Neuroscience (SfN) devoted itself to
a sustained focus on science, fostering career develop- ment, embracing new platforms for public education and advocacy, and establishing new ways to engage our scientific community.
Neuroscience 2011 in San Diego — the Society’s 40th annual meeting — displayed neuroscience’s tremendous achievements, its interdisciplinary nature, and promis- ing new pathways for discovery. From the poster floor
to main lecture halls and hallway conversations, the meeting offered the field’s best opportunity to share great science, meet colleagues and mentors, and foster new relationships. Nearly 32,000 attendees took advantage of enhanced career development programming, an expanded line-up of workshops, the field’s leading exhibit hall,
and highly attended mentoring and advocacy events, as well as the popular “Dialogues Between Neuroscience and Society” discussion with award-winning actress and advocate Glenn Close, and a Special Presentation by former Rep. Patrick J. Kennedy (D-RI).
Leveraging technology to better serve its members, the Society also launched several new online initiatives in FY2011 to facilitate better information sharing and connections within the neuroscience community. The Journal of Neuroscience launched a new online layout for easier navigation and functionality and, reflecting
a desire for new media, began publishing multi-media files. SfN also launched NeurOnLine, a virtual member community to foster discussion and share science
 from the
  
  year-round. NeurOnLine provides a venue for discussing science, mentor-matching, shared information resources, and forums on a host of topics, from work-life balance to finding jobs outside of academia, and advocacy strate- gies. Over time, NeurOnLine will make connecting and collaborating easy, interactive, and global.
NeurOnLine is one example of how SfN maintains a focus on finding ways to represent and support the global neuroscience community as its membership set new records in 2010 — 41,440 members from 87 countries. Helping members advance careers at all professional stages remains a key priority, and it was a particular emphasis of mine while serving as SfN’s president. SfN undertook research to identify and evaluate member needs, including a new advisory group and surveys of worldwide membership, launched a new online mentor- ing program, and added new professional development options to reflect the needs of an evolving field. It is my hope that SfN’s efforts will serve members today, and ensure the field’s ability to train and retain the brightest students and professionals in years to come.
To communicate with the public about important discoveries, SfN embraced novel approaches to connect with educators, policymakers, the media, and the public, including the launch of SfN’s first Brain Awareness Video Contest and live Web streaming of Neuroscience 2011 press conferences. In addition, the Society received $1.53 million in funding to create and maintain BrainFacts.org, a unique nonprofit online source for authoritative public information about the progress and potential of brain research. With support from founding partners The Kavli Foundation and The Gatsby Charitable Foundation, SfN will launch BrainFacts.org in spring 2012. The Society will continue to engage other outside partners and funding sources so that, ultimately, the site’s rich content can be supplemented with interactive tools.
The Society also was deeply aware of the severe funding and policy challenges facing scientists in
many nations. In FY2011, SfN undertook activities to advocate for federal science investments and responsible animal research in the United States, and forged new partnerships across the international research community to expand collaborative advocacy worldwide. Through cooperation with key partner organizations, member involvement in grassroots, and U.S. activities such as Capitol Hill Day, the Society continues to make the
case for strong investment in science, basic research, and essential animal research.
Local and regional SfN chapters played an increasing role as partners in SfN public outreach programs and as a valuable place for members to share information and engage local communities. Today, the Society has 150 chapters in 22 countries and in 47 of the United States. To help new chapters mobilize, SfN provides start-up grants to all new chapters. The Society also disbursed nearly $80,000 in FY2011 through direct grants that enable chapters to engage in such activities as cross- chapter conferences and new Brain Awareness programs.
SfN’s activities throughout the year help our
members forge and strengthen connections across the field in a rich neuroscience network. By identifying and seizing new opportunities, SfN’s efforts will help to ensure the field emerges from global recession stronger and well-positioned to continue advancing science and improving health.
 S u s a n G.
A m a r a
embracing opportunities, fostering Connections   7
