  2 message to our shareholders
Global Reports LLC
“A World of Solutions” is a phrase we coined to characterize our culture and the broad range of our capabilities, products, services and expertise. That phrase has never been more appropriate than today. Our strategies to deliver cost effective solutions for our clients
have given us incredible momentum for arguably the most exciting period in the history of the engineering and construction industry. Never before have we seen so many opportunities, and our diverse, yet synergistic, capabilities give us a distinct competitive advantage. As we approach the 20th anniversary of our company, Shaw has the resources, the expertise, and momentum
in its favor. We call it “Momentum ’06.”
During this past year, several major milestones marked the strong momentum Shaw is
building. We believe this momentum has set the stage for many years of continued success
for our company.
Revenue Momentum. During fiscal 2006, Shaw generated record revenues of $4.8 billion by providing proactive and
reliable solutions for clients around the globe – a 46% increase over 2005.
Backlog Momentum. Our 2006 fiscal year ended with our highest backlog ever, $9.1 billion. The record bookings
capped four straight quarters of record backlog – ending 2006 35% higher than 2005 and giving us a 57% gain
from just two years ago.
Long-Term Momentum. We significantly increased our long-term position in the expanding nuclear industry by
investing in a 20% ownership interest in Westinghouse Electric Company, shortly after the close of the fiscal year.
Withthisacquisition,Shawnowhasastakeineveryaspect of the nuclear services market.
The expanding global economy spurred considerable opportunities for our diverse business lines, and our
domestic and international business development strategies continued to deliver big projects. Aggressive internal
strategies maximize our resources and ensure project execution, continued innovation, client satisfaction, long-
term growth and sustained returns for our shareholders.
Global Power – Meeting the Challenge
Global electric power demand continues to increase, and the need for generating capacity is expected to double over
the next thirty years. Shaw is working today to meet this challenge and is focused on expanding its clean energy
solutions portfolio. Whether we are partnering with clients to build new clean burning fossil-fueled power plants,
providing our industry-recognized clean air emissions solutions, positioning for the anticipated nuclear
renaissance or identifying innovative alternatives to meet the global energy demand, Shaw is at the forefront of the
clean energy movement.
Today’s energy constraints provide unique opportunities for Shaw to provide effective solutions to the global
community. We are actively collaborating with our clients as they develop their strategic plans for new generation,
as well as emissions controls and other improvements to existing plants. We are also focused on creating innovative
ways for Shaw to assist the global community in meeting the energy constraint challenge. These alternative
approaches to the energy challenge will drive us into new markets in which Shaw is uniquely positioned to provide
solutions and to succeed.
While completing two major 500 megawatt gas-fired power plants during 2006, Shaw began work on two
new solid fossil-fueled power facilities utilizing clean energy technologies. We further reinforced our leadership
position in the clean air emissions market during the year

  Global Reports LLC
by adding significant additional flue gas desulphurization or “scrubber” projects for four large utilities. Today, Shaw has emissions controls projects in progress at over 20 generating
units, at 12 locations, for 6 different customers, with a total contract value of over $2.5 billion. We intend to maintain our
industry leading position in this market.
During 2006, we booked our first two mercury-emissions control projects. Similar to our “scrubber” work in controlling
sulphur dioxide emissions, we believe mercury emissions controls could develop into a significant market niche for Shaw.
The year 2006 brought us additional successes in the nuclear power services industry. We reinforced our leadership position
in maintenance and modifications work, increasing our share to 40% of the entire U.S. fleet of operating nuclear
power plants, plus we continued our major construction project for the restart of a nuclear plant in northern Alabama.
2006 was a milestone year for Shaw Nuclear in other ways. Governments, environmental groups and the general
populace around the globe are recognizing nuclear power as a valuable component of clean energy. Just three years
ago, when I testified before the U.S. Senate Subcommittee on Energy about the future of nuclear power, there was not
a single new nuclear power plant being planned in the United States. Today, development plans are in the works for 20 new nuclear power generating facilities in the U.S.
We believe these facilities could be operational before the year 2020. As a world leader in nuclear design, engineering,
and construction, we believe this “nuclear renaissance” will present significant opportunities for Shaw.
In keeping with our strong belief in the future of nuclear power, Shaw acquired a 20% ownership stake in Westinghouse Electric
Company, the world’s premier provider of next-generation nuclear reactor technology, nuclear fuels and services. Toshiba
Corporation, a world leader in technology and a diversified manufacturer of advanced electronic and electrical products,
is the majority owner with a 77% interest, while another Japanese firm holds the remaining 3%. We believe this
partnership has created the world’s strongest nuclear services team. In connection with the Westinghouse acquisition, Shaw
is also party to a commercial agreement for certain exclusive opportunities to perform EPC services and supply piping for
future Westinghouse nuclear projects. As the nuclear resurgence gains momentum, Shaw is decisively positioned.
Chemicals – A World of Opportunity
The chemicals market has continued its significant growth. On the domestic side, additional growth is anticipated as
new refineries are being considered and older facilities look for solutions to increase output and expand products. Because
of high natural gas prices in the U.S., the Middle East continues to pursue additional investments in petrochemical
processing. Markets for ethylene and downstream products remain robust, and our capabilities to provide technologies
and to design, engineer, procure and construct new production facilities and expand existing plants remain in high demand. Our proprietary technologies for ethylene,
downstream products and cracking processes give us a significant competitive advantage in this market.
During the year, Shaw expanded its bookings for petrochemical projects to over $2 billion, including significant expansion of
projects in the Middle East and new early engineering and front-end design services for several large petrochemical projects.
These early-stage assignments represent projects that could ultimately be valued in excess of $2 billion for the complete
EPC work. We expect this type of early-stage work to result in additional EPC backlog during fiscal 2007.
High prices at the pump for gasoline and other transportation fuels continue to drive acute interest in additional U.S. refining
capacity for consumer fuels. Production increases of alternative fuels such as ethanol and biodiesel are currently being
considered, and Shaw is working to further establish these fuel sources as important components of the overall solution to meeting consumer fuels needs. With our expert capabilities,
proprietary technologies, and strong customer relationships, Shaw is well positioned to create and nurture opportunities
in the alternative fuels arena. Shaw continues to focus on innovative processes and technologies which we believe will
provide us the competitive advantage in the chemicals markets of the future.
3

 4
message to our shareholders
 Global Reports LLC
Environmental and Infrastructure – Sustainable Solutions
The broad range of our Environmental and Infrastructure Division’s capabilities was never more apparent than in 2006. In the aftermath of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita,
Shaw responded immediately and decisively to remove floodwaters, repair and protect homes from further
weather damage, provide temporary housing for tens of thousands of displaced persons and perform numerous
other response and recovery tasks.
During the year, we planted a permanent flag in New Orleans with a new office to oversee the hurricane recovery
efforts and to serve as headquarters for our involvement in the long-term rebuilding activities for Louisiana and
the Gulf Coast region. Our hurricane recovery work in 2006 generated over $1 billion of revenues for Shaw, and
our environmental and infrastructure capabilities and familiarity with the Gulf Coast region position us well for
future rebuilding activities.
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita also brought Louisiana’s coastal erosion crisis to the national forefront. The loss
of South Louisiana’s wetlands is threatening approximately 25% of the nation’s energy supply, and erosion is potentially
jeopardizing much of the oil and gas delivery system in the region. The nation cannot afford to lose a fourth of
its domestic oil and gas capacity. Shaw is a recognized leader in providing environmental solutions to protect and restore coastal regions with proven success. As a Louisiana-
based company, we are well positioned to help restore coastal wetlands along the Gulf Coast.
Shaw has a long-standing history in providing services to the U.S. federal government, and 2006 proved to be another year of successful awards with this valued client.
During 2006, Shaw and its joint venture partners were awarded multi-year indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity
(ID/IQ) contracts adding significantly to Shaw’s backlog of work. These activities could include rapid response
services, anti-terrorism work, environmental assessments and remediation, hazardous materials handling, design,
construction, rehabilitation, renovation of infrastructure and other services as governmental agencies continue
the trend to outsource certain activities. We remain focused on maintaining and growing our market share in the
environmental market and expanding our position in the federal, state and local infrastructure markets.
Pipe Fabrication and Manufacturing – Meeting Demand
With the extremely active power and chemical sectors, it is not surprising that pipe fabrication and
manufacturing capacity is expected to fall short of industry demand in the coming years. Shaw has been actively
communicating with clients, customers and vendors to ensure that we are on the forefront of providing solutions
to this demanding challenge.
Already the largest pipe fabricator in the United States, Shaw is currently engaged in strategically increasing our
pipe fabrication capacity. This plan will increase domestic fabrication capacity and also includes the potential
construction and/or the acquisition of additional international facilities. We have already reopened our
Tulsa, Oklahoma facility and are currently expanding operations at our Sunland facility in Walker, Louisiana.
Pipe fabrication and manufacturing were the genesis of Shaw and remain the backbone of our business. The high
demand for industrial pipe and piping systems presents significant opportunities for our company. Our leadership
position gives us a great foundation on which to build for the years ahead.
Environmental, Health and Safety
During 2006, we intensified our commitment to environmental, health and safety issues with several
external and internal initiatives. In March 2006, we became a signatory for The World Safety Declaration, a

 With the opportunities ahead, it is imperative that we sustain our momentum and remain focused as we enhance
our performance as a company, as a responsible corporate citizen, as an employer, and as a premier service provider
to our clients. Collectively, these efforts positively affect ourperformanceandreinforceourleadershipposition.
Momentum ‘06
The year 2006 has truly set into motion a momentum which will be telling for Shaw – a momentum which
provides us opportunities like never before. I am extremely pleased to lead this company at this important time and
am very proud to have the support of such a fine group of employees, managers, executives, and Board of Directors.
Verytrulyyours,
J.M. Bernhard, Jr.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
5
 global industry commitment to workplace safety. The declaration acknowledges that safety is a fundamental
component of a quality life and is a value to be upheld by individuals as well as organizations. Participating in
this program was an easy decision, as the policy clearly supports our own philosophy on environmental, health and safety issues and our commitment to “zero
tolerance” of accidents. We have won significant safety awards at several of our project worksites, including both
one million-man-hours and two million-man-hours “no reportable accidents” awards. The two million-man-hours
accomplishment is equivalent to approximately 1,000 persons working an entire year with no accidents.
Safety awareness programs including periodic thought- provoking, interactive employee questionnaires and
other innovative techniques such as our “stop work” policy have contributed to our heightened safety
conscientiousness and improving safety record.
Being the Best – not the biggest.
It is hard to believe that only 19 years have passed since we began as a pipe fabrication company. Throughout our
history, we haven’t been interested in simply being the biggest, rather, we have strived at being the best at whatever
we do. Whether it’s pipe fabrication, power plants, chemical plants, infrastructure, performing environmental work
or providing premier consulting services, we will remain committed to being the best.
financialhighlights
2006 Total Revenues $4,775,615
Gross Profit 329,472 Net Income (Loss) 50,850
Net Income (Loss) per Diluted Share 0.63 Working Capital 638,001
Balance Sheet Data
Total Assets $2,529,134 Short-Term Debt 11,688
Long-Term Debt 173,534
 YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,
 2005
 Operating Results
2004
$3,014,709 220,688
(33,075) (0.57)
298,289
$2,054,730 12,733
261,173 880,071
63,770
 Global Reports LLC
Shareholder’s Equity
Number of Shares Outstanding at Year End
1,243,207 80,476
$3,262,328 292,670
15,976 0.23
480,579
$2,088,888 12,356
65,541 1,147,153
78,957
(in thousands, except per share data)
