                                                                                                                                                                                 message to our shareholders
   2
The year 2005 was one of perspective for The Shaw Group. It was, after all, one of the strongest years in the history of our company. After years of strategic planning, a sustained focus on innovation, and a commitment to performance, we realized
significant rewards in 2005, winning major projects and expanding our global footprint across all of our business lines.
 Backlog by Industry Sector
2005
$6.7 billion
Environment and Infrastructure
2004
$5.8 billion Energy
2003
$4.8 billion Other
1%
     33%
 59%
    11%
   29%
     22%
     45%
50%
 12%
 38%
 Chemicals
   
These achievements resulted in the highest backlog in our company’s history—a record $6.7 billion for 2005—and marked six consecutive quarters of positive earnings and cash flow performance.
During 2005, the energy markets enjoyed a strong resurgence of activity. Shaw quickly capitalized on measures taken during 2003 and 2004 to position the company to target, capture and execute these emerging opportunities. And these efforts garnered strong results. Shaw received several major energy awards in 2005, including grass-roots power plant projects, and we firmly established ourselves as a pioneer and an industry leader in the growing flue gas desulphurization market.
Our chemicals group reaped the rewards of their targeted efforts to expand globally, winning major inter- national contracts and maximizing Shaw’s proprietary technology overseas. The maintenance group continued its strong performance and record of achievement completing a record 19 maintenance outages during the third quarter alone. Shaw’s pipe fabrication
environmentally sound solution. Shaw is a pioneer in the nuclear industry and in 2005 we responded to this challenge in a number of ways includ- ing joining Westinghouse and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries in the AP1000 Consortium. The AP1000 Consortium is targeting new nuclear power plant opportunities in China, where the demand for energy is grow- ing rapidly.
We significantly strengthened our financial position and flexibility during the year, issuing over $270 million of common stock in April and using the proceeds to retire substantially all of our outstanding 103⁄4% Senior Notes. This significantly reduced ongoing interest costs. In addition, we increased our bank credit facility capacity from $300 million to $550 million. With six quarters of solid performance, a healthy balance sheet, and a marked increase in activity in the markets we serve, Shaw is stronger than ever!
Indeed, 2005 was a great year for Shaw and for our shareholders. But the feeling of satisfaction after such a successful performance was quickly overshadowed when Hurricane Katrina roared ashore
made an immediate impact. Truly, they did everything imaginable and acted quickly to provide tangible solutions during a time of uncertainty. We worked overtime to repair levees. We rescued the stranded. We got the power back up in hospitals. Ultimately, we did the impos- sible. Shaw removed the floodwaters from the city of New Orleans in 17 days. Experts said it would take 80. Anywhere there was activity, anywhere help was needed, anywhere tough tasks were demanded, it seemed Shaw’s distinctive orange-shirted personnel were on the job.
It didn’t end there. Post-Katrina, and three weeks later, post-Rita, Shaw was on-site throughout southern Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and Texas pro- viding results. Shaw’s motto of provid- ing “A World of Solutions” was never put more to the test. But we did more. Not only did Shaw provide the solu- tions, it also provided the very best problem solvers, the people who cared most—local contractors. At Shaw, we knew the best way to respond quickly was to respond locally. We hired nearly 70% of our subcontractors from among the small businesses in the local communities, nearly 40% of
those were minority, women or disad- vantaged businesses. We also spent 91% of all money for hurricane-related projects in Louisiana with in-state subcontractors and workers. It was good business. It was good sense. It was the right thing to do.
Shaw’s performance in 2005 was dis- tinctive, distinguished and defining.
We at Shaw hope never to have to fight the battles of Katrina and Rita in our home state again. But, we will also never fight these battles in any other state without feeling a more par- ticular human sense of personal com- mitment either. Shaw’s business and professional record for 2005 is notable, but the response of our employees in the face of the largest natural disaster in our country’s history has been called heroic. I am very proud. You should be, too.
Sincerely,
J. M. Bernhard, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
making it happen
and manufacturing group benefited from the improving energy and chem- ical markets and the increased con- struction in those areas. In the past few years, we’ve worked hard to improve communication and collaboration between business lines to ensure we offer turnkey products and services to our clients. In 2005, these efforts truly paid off for Shaw and our customers.
We also had a very strong year from a project execution standpoint. One example is the 600,000 metric-tons-per- year ethylene plant we completed for BASF-YPC in Nanjing, China. Shaw successfully completed this $2.7 billion world-scale integrated petrochemical complex achieving 20 million safe work-hours with zero lost time accidents at handover. To the best of our knowl- edge, this ambitious venture was the largest engineering, procurement and construction project ever completed in China by a western contractor and serves as a strong example of our ability to successfully execute projects overseas.
We continued to play a leading role in the nuclear industry. During 2005, as more and more global leaders sought practical alternatives to the world’s oil and gas dependence, nuclear technol- ogy re-emerged as an economical,
only two short days before the end of our fiscal year. Hurricanes Katrina and Rita ravaged the coastline of our home state of Louisiana and directly affected our lives, our livelihoods, and the ways we see ourselves.
Shaw has long been at the forefront of emergency hurricane reaction and response work having participated in recovery efforts following virtually every hurricane since Andrew in 1992. Our “blue roof” record and our capabilities in rapidly mobilizing emergency housing were well estab- lished. The absolute destructive power of Hurricane Katrina, however, was unprecedented and the tragic scenes that played out over the days immedi- ately following the storm gripped the nation’s attention. The fact that it struck in Shaw’s home state made the tragedy even more personal for the men and women of Shaw.
As the reality of Hurricane Katrina’s catastrophic swath became apparent to the outside world, Shaw was already mobilizing and responding. Because of the company’s record for rapid deploy- ment, Shaw was federally pre-qualified and called into action almost immedi- ately. Shaw employees reacted with a sense of purpose and their actions
 3
