  Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Joseph M. Scaminace
President and Chief Operating Officer
 THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY HAD ANOTHER SUCCESSFUL YEAR IN 2004, ACHIEVING DOUBLE-DIGIT GROWTH IN REVENUE AND VOLUME AND SURPASSING $6 BILLION IN SALES FOR THE FIRST TIME IN COMPANY HISTORY.
Consolidated net income rose to $393.3 million, rep- resenting an increase of 18.4 percent over the previous year. Diluted net income per common share increased more than 20 percent to a record $2.72 per share.
We generated nearly $545 million in net operating cash, which enabled us to complete three strategically important acquisitions, pay record dividends of $0.68 per share, invest $106.8 million in capital expenditures and repurchase over six-and-a-half million shares of our stock. Total annual return to our shareholders in 2004, assuming dividend reinvestment, was 30.4 percent.
Last year marked our 26th consecutive year of dividend increases. On February 2, 2005 we declared a 20 percent increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.17 per common share to $0.205 per common share,
payable on March 14, 2005 to shareholders of record on February 28, 2005. This represents the first step toward our 27th consecutive year of increased dividends.
These results are particularly gratifying in light of the stiff headwind we faced from rapidly rising raw material costs. In 2004, annualized year-over-year raw material costs for the industry increased more dramatically than any time in the last decade. This environment has put pressure on our consolidated gross margin, and we anticipate this pressure will continue in the foreseeable future. We will be diligent in our efforts to offset raw material cost increases through manufacturing efficiencies, higher fixed cost absorption, alternative technologies, tight expense control and measured price increases.
2
  
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 In 2004, we opened The Sherwin-Williams Center of Excellence at our headquarters in Cleveland, Ohio. The Cen- ter is a living archive which celebrates our storied past and serves as an inspiration to all of the hard-working men and women of Sherwin-Williams who are creating our future.
Included among the vast collection of photographs, product samples and artifacts spanning more than 138 yearsisaspecialgiftgiventoSherwin-Williamsbyitssec- ond Chairman and CEO, Walter Cottingham. His “Code of Principles” is a document that speaks of loyalty, considera- tion, politeness, winning by merit, and growth in character as well as size. In short, these are the very principles of hon- esty, integrity and morality, which still guide us today.
PAINT STORES SEGMENT
Net sales for our Paint Stores Segment increased by 14.6 percent to $3.98 billion from $3.47 billion in 2003. Comparable store sales improved by 10.1 percent over the prior year. Operating profit from the Segment fin- ished at $480.2 million, an increase of 19.0 percent compared to 2003. The positive effects of strong sales volume and aggressive cost control throughout the year was partially offset by rapidly rising raw material costs.
We remain focused on the professional user of coatings products. The services of professional painting contractors continue to be in high demand, and these customers shop our paint stores for the quality products and services to make their businesses more successful.
In September of 2004, we completed the acquisition of Duron, Inc., one of the nation’s top five operators of specialty paint stores in the eastern and southeastern United States. The customers served by Duron’s compa- ny-operated stores include professional painting contractors, builders and do-it-yourself homeowners. The acquisition of Duron, Inc. added approximately 3.5 percent to the Paint Stores Segment’s full year net sales and was slightly accretive to earnings for the year.
In 2004, we added a total of 295 new stores through organic expansion and acquisition, ending the year with 2,983 stores in operation in North America compared to 2,688 stores at the end of last year. We organically opened 71 new stores and closed 5, resulting in a net increase of 66 stores for the year. The acquisition of Duron, Inc. added 229 stores, all in the United States. We also completed our Store Refresh Program, a three- year project to re-merchandise and refresh the shopping environment in our stores.
The introduction of new and innovative products designed to improve performance and productivity
continues to be a store strength. We introduced the ProXPTM Eg-Shel which provides two-coat performance in a one-coat application; DeckScapesTM, a complete line of deck care products; and E-BarrierTM, an energy- efficient reflective coating for attics.
We continued to introduce new products for our industrial maintenance customers under the ExpressTech® productline.Thistechnologically advanced line of coatings offers significant labor savings and productivity improvements that allow property and equipment to be returned to service in minimal time.
We capitalized on the growing momentum in manu- facturing activity in North America and Asia. During the past year we successfully introduced numerous new products for use on wood, plastic and metal substrates, several of which feature low-VOC, low-HAPS formula- tions. Manufacturing at our new facility in Shanghai, China began in 2004, and has helped align us with our domestic OEM customers who have relocated their oper- ations to the Far East.
CONSUMER SEGMENT
External net sales in the Consumer Segment increased 9.0 percent to $1.3 billion in 2004 versus the prior year. Acquisitions accounted for 7.2 percent and the balance was largely due to the introduction of new product pro- grams throughout the year.
THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY SURPASSED THE $6 BILLION MARK IN SALES.
Operating profit for the year declined $11.3 million, or 5.7 percent, to $187.7 million. In 2004, operating profit was adversely impacted by a charge for the impairment of certain assets totaling $12.5 million and by sharply rising raw material costs that could not be fully offset by operating profit from acquisitions and favorable manufacturing absorption. The price increases announced during the year were not implemented in time to offset rising raw material costs.
The focus of our Consumer Segment remains on building market share, expanding distribution and growing category demand through product innovation and brand strength. For example, our new Ready to
  3
     
 RollTM paint container joins the Twist & PourTM container as another revolutionary packaging breakthrough for the Dutch Boy® brand. This new concept in paint packaging features a project-sized container with a built-in roller tray and an easy open/close lid. The Ready to RollTM paint container
26 CONSECUTIVE YEARS OF DIVIDEND GROWTH.
continues our string of innovations brought to the market under the Dutch Boy® brand.
Two of our leading brands in the Consumer Segment – Minwax® and Thompson’s® WaterSeal® – celebrated major milestones with their 100th and 75th anniversaries, respective- ly. In September of 2004, Sherwin-Williams acquired Paint Sundry Brands Corporation, a leading marketer and manufac- turer of high quality paintbrushes and rollers for professional contractors and do-it-yourself users. Their respected brands of Purdy® and Bestt Liebco® will join established brands like Krylon® and Dupli-Color® in our diverse portfolio.
AUTOMOTIVE FINISHES SEGMENT
Our Automotive Finishes Segment posted a 12.6 percent net sales increase to $514.3 million for the year. This strong performance was helped by improvements in international sales, new product line introductions and the acquisition of
duce the highest quality clearcoat and primer products designed to help our OEM and shop customers reduce time, labor and materials use. Customers throughout the world are currently viewing approximately 200,000 color formulas each month through our recently intro- duced Internet Scale system.
INTERNATIONAL COATINGS SEGMENT
Net sales in our International Coatings Segment increased 11.7 percent to $318.6 million in 2004. Seg- ment sales for the year benefited from favorable currency exchange and sales in local currency that continued to build during each quarter of 2004. During 2003, a change in fiscal year to a calendar year basis by South American subsidiaries added one month sales to last year’s results. The net impact of favorable currency exchange in 2004 more than offset the additional month sales in 2003 due to the fiscal year change, increasing net sales $9.9 million, or 3.5 percent, for the year.
The Segment realized an operating profit of $18.0 million in 2004 compared to $8.4 million in 2003. This was primarily the result of higher sales volumes, operat- ing efficiencies resulting from manufacturing volume increases, tight expense control and favorable currency exchange fluctuations. The change in fiscal year had no significant effect on operating profit for the Segment.
We continue to be encouraged by the improving economic conditions in South America. In Argentina, we strengthened our market position by launching The Concept Store, based on the Sherwin-Williams paint store model of merchandising paint, but adapted to fit
NAMED AS ONE OF THE 100 BEST COMPANIES TO WORK FOR BY FORTUNE MAGAZINE.
the local market. We celebrated our 60th anniversary of production in Brazil, and we again received numerous awards for product performance and innovation.
In the United Kingdom, our RonsealTM wood care brand remains the market leader and continues to
a majority interest in an automotive coatings company in China, now known as Sherwin-Williams Kinlita Co., Ltd.
Operating profit for the Segment increased 10.8 per- cent to $58.1 million for the year as a result of higher sales volume, sales of higher margin products and the profit contribution from Sherwin-Williams Kinlita.
In 2004, the Segment added six new branches in North America, bringing the total number to 200 com- pany-operated branches in the U.S., Canada, Jamaica, Chile and Peru. During the year, we continued to intro-
improve its position through new product offerings and market expansion. Our Ronseal subsidiary successfully launched a comprehensive range of Specialist Paint prod- ucts for use in a variety of applications and saw growth in Ireland with its core wood care and deck products.
MANAGEMENT CHANGES
In 2004, we continued our long-standing practice of promoting talent from within the company with two important management appointments.
  4
        
 In September, Blair LaCour was appointed to the position of President & General Manager of the Automotive Division. Blair brings strong leadership and a wealth of experience to this assignment having spent the past 12 years as President & General Manager of the Mid Western Division of our Paint Stores Segment. Under Blair’s leadership, the Mid Western Division consistently produced record sales and
We believe that our industry leadership and sustained success are linked to a strong foundation and spirit of innovation that reaches back to the day when our co- founder, Henry Sherwin, introduced the first ready-mix paint product. This same commitment to quality and technology has resulted in our company being issued more than 600 patents over the years – each advance-
profits, made significant market share gains and successfully integrated a number of important acquisitions. Blair has also served as Vice President of Sales for the Western Division and Midcentral Division, and as Vice President of Marketing and Director of Sales for our Automotive Division.
3,000TH STORE OPENING IN FIRST HALF OF 2005.
Drew McCandless was appointed to succeed Blair as President & General Manager of the Mid Western Division of the Paint Stores Segment. Drew joined Sherwin-Williams in 1981 as a sales representative and has excelled in a wide range of Division and Corporate level assignments since then. He served as Corporate Auditor, Financial Analyst and Treasury Manager before moving to the Southeastern Division of the Paint Stores Segment where he served as Financial Manager, Controller and Vice President of Sales. Prior to his new role, Drew served as Vice President and Controller for the Consumer Division and Senior Vice President, Operations/Supply Chain Management for the Consumer Division.
OUTLOOK FOR 2005
Taken in total, we are pleased with the performance of your company in 2004. Thanks to the commitment and dedicated efforts of more than 28,000 Sherwin- Williams employees, we surpassed $6 billion in sales for the first time in company history. Three out of our four operating segments grew their sales and operating profits at double-digit rates, and we continued our track record of regular dividend growth and steady profitability.
We expect that the domestic and international economies will continue to strengthen in 2005 and have a favorable impact on sales volume in all of our seg- ments. We will continue to add stores organically and expect to open our 3,000th store some time in the first half of 2005. Our ability to generate significant net oper- ating cash will enable us to continue to invest in product innovation, new technology and capacity to strengthen our position of industry leadership.
ment driven by our fundamental desire to meet the needs and exceed the expectations of our customers.
We recognize that the primary responsibility for the integrity of our financial reporting rests with manage- ment and we will continue to observe the highest financial reporting ethical standards. Our management team has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting and concluded that our controls are effective and con- tain no material weaknesses. An independent audit of our assessment is complete and the auditors have issued an unqualified opinion concurring with management’s conclusion that our controls are effective.
Finally, Fortune Magazine recently named Sherwin- Williams as one of the 100 best companies to work for. We will continue to embrace the ideals and principles that helped us gain such recognition, and acknowledge and value the hard work and innovative thinking of the men and women of Sherwin-Williams. Together, we offer our thanks and appreciation to our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their confidence and trust.
Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Joseph M. Scaminace
President and Chief Operating Officer
   5
     