6
STRENGTH. STABILITY. SECURITY.
 We are pleased to report that 2002 was a solid year
for The Sherwin-Williams Company. After 2001 did not measure up to our expec- tations, we were determined to return our company to a high level of financial performance. Our efforts this past year resulted in strong cash flow and a sub- stantial improvement in operating income on a moderate sales increase. In these times of sluggish economic growth, mounting international tensions and daily head- lines about companies accused of misleading their employees, shareholders and the financial community, Sherwin-Williams stands tall.
Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Joseph M. Scaminace
President and Chief Operating Officer
 
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 We have always placed the highest value on the integri- ty, ethics and morality of our company. We stand behind the fairness and accuracy of our financial reports with confidence. This is a company founded on, and recog- nized for, these fundamental principles. Throughout 2002, we continued to invest energy and capital in building our core businesses, expanding our distribution, increasing our technological leadership and improving our opera- tional efficiency.
Our consolidated net sales for the year grew 2.3% to $5.18 billion. Income before the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle increased 18.1% to $310.7 million from $263.2 million in 2001. Diluted income per common share before the accounting change reached a new high of $2.04 per share; a 21.4% increase over the $1.68 per share posted a year earlier. Given the challenges we faced through- out the year we are pleased with our earnings performance.
For the second year in a row, the Company’s net oper- ating cash flow exceeded $550 million. This strong cash generation was achieved through a combination of improved profitability and continued stringent working capital man- agement. During the year, we reduced our receivable days from 56 to 52 and trimmed inventory levels by six days. These working capital improvements contributed $84 mil- lion to cash from operations.
We put this cash to work during the year to strengthen our balance sheet and further invest in our future. We retired $101.9 million of debt, which helped bring our debt to total capital ratio down to 28% from 29.3% last year. We invest- ed $126.5 million in long-term assets, and our Paint Stores Segment purchased the assets of FlexBon Paint Company, including 24 stores in Florida. We made cash dividend pay- ments of $91 million and purchased 6.7 million shares of the company’s common stock on the open market for treas- ury. At year end, our cash and cash equivalents stood at $164.0 million, an increase of $45.2 million over the end of 2001. On the strength of our earnings and cash position, in 2003 our Board of Directors approved our 24th consec- utive increase in quarterly dividends.
PAINT STORES SEGMENT
Net sales for our Paint Stores Segment increased by 3.7% over 2001 to $3.3 billion. Comparable-store sales improved by 1.9% over the prior year. Operating profit from the Seg- ment came in at $398.5 million, a 2.7% increase over 2001.
Our Paint Stores Segment stayed focused on the task of
serving the professional user, and our sales to contractors continued to grow, particularly in the residential and prop- erty management markets. We were also encouraged by the strong do-it-yourself (DIY) sales performance. However, the demand for industrial coatings in both the Original Equip- ment Manufacturer (OEM) product finishes and industrial maintenance markets remained soft.
During the year, we added 70 net new stores, bringing our total to 2,643 stores in North America. We also launched a three-year program to refresh the interiors of our stores. By year-end, we had completed 840 stores, including fresh paint, new graphics, merchandise resets and an upgraded point-of-sale (POS) computer system.
In 2002, we introduced two new color systems in our stores. Sherwin-Williams COLORTM is an interior/exterior palette of more than 1,000 clean bright colors. Our new Martha Stewart SignatureTM color palette will broaden our appeal to the growing female home-decorating market.
Our industrial maintenance customers are under con-
MONEY MAGAZINE: SHERWIN-WILLIAMS WAS RANKED IN THE TOP TEN OF 404 COMPANIES EVALUATED IN A RECENT STUDY THAT MEASURED “EARNINGS QUALITY”. (OCTOBER 2002)
stant pressure to improve productivity. We responded by launching a line of products under the ExpressTechTM brand, that significantly shorten recoat cycles and reduce downtime.
As our North American OEM customers move their operations overseas, our Chemical Coatings Division has followed. In the fall of 2002, we broke ground on the first of two dedicated chemical coatings liquid and powder man- ufacturing facilities in China.
CONSUMER SEGMENT
External net sales in the Consumer Segment increased 3.2% to $1.2 billion in 2002 versus the prior year. Sales throughout the year benefited from a strengthening domes- tic DIY market combined with aggressive promotion of many new and existing paint, aerosol and wood care prod- ucts.
7
 
 BUSINESSWEEK: SHERWIN-WILLIAMS WAS HIGHLIGHTED AS AN “EFFICIENT” COMPANY DUE TO DILIGENT WORKING CAPITAL MANAGEMENT. (DECEMBER 2002)
 Operating profit for the Segment increased 73.8% to $192.5 million versus $110.8 million last year. This dramatic improvement in operating profit was primari- ly generated from a combination of higher sales volumes, improved overhead absorption due to architectural paint volume gains and reduced manu- facturing and administrative expense stemming from our Operational Excellence program.
In our first full year of operations since realigning the Consumer Segment into three operating divisions, Con- sumer, Diversified Brands and Wood Care, we have renewed our emphasis on brand building, product innovation and solidifying our strong retail relationships. Our new Dutch Boy® Twist & PourTM container is a good example of how our focus on innovation is helping us to build our brands and expand our distribution.
AUTOMOTIVE FINISHES SEGMENT
Our Automotive Finishes Segment experienced a sales decrease of 2.2% to $453.8 million for the year. Sales for the Segment were adversely impacted by weakness in the collision repair market and unfavorable currency exchange
and administrative expense control contributed to this profit improvement.
While these results fell short of our expectations, we are encouraged by the many positive steps taken by our Auto- motive Finishes Segment over the past year. Since bringing the entire organization together in our World Automotive Center in Warrensville Heights, Ohio, we have introduced 82 new automotive paint products and revolutionized the delivery of color formulas to the industry. Our A-PlusTM Pro- gram membership continued to grow, underscoring our focus on, and commitment to, the collision repair market.
In 2002, the Segment added 6 new branches in North America, bringing the total number of company-operated branches in the U.S., Canada, Jamaica and Chile to 179.
INTERNATIONAL COATINGS SEGMENT
Net sales in our International Coatings Segment decreased 8.8% to $244.2 million in 2002. Sales decreases in U.S. dollars were the result of unfavorable currency exchange rates. If we exclude the effects of currency exchange fluctuations, net sales for the Segment increased 3.3% versus 2001.
The Segment realized an operating loss for the year of $5.6 million compared to an operating profit of $4.8 mil- lion in 2001. In addition to the negative impact of currency fluctuation, these results include charges totaling $11.9 mil- lion taken during the year for the impairment of assets.
Despite weak economic conditions in South America and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, our operations improved and our organization is poised to capitalize on future economic recovery in this region. During this past year, we added 6 new stores in Chile and Brazil bringing our total to 58 company-operated stores in South America. Our Operational Excellence initiative is helping us to become the low cost supplier to independent paint retailers across the region. And the transfer of technology developed in the United States has enabled us to commercialize new product faster and for less cost.
In the United Kingdom, our Ronseal business posted its highest market share figures ever and recorded its tenth consecutive year of market share growth in the retail wood care category.
BOARD AND MANAGEMENT CHANGES
In February 2003, Susan J. Kropf, President and Chief Operating Officer of Avon Products, Inc., was appointed to
FORBES.COM: SHERWIN-WILLIAMS WAS SINGLED OUT AS A COMPANY WITH “STALWART YIELDS” AS DEFINED BY A RIGID, THREE-POINT CRITERIA FOR DETERMINING DIVIDEND QUALITY. (JANUARY 2003)
rates relative to last year. If we exclude the effects of cur- rency fluctuations, sales for the Segment would have improved 1.2% for the year.
Operating profit for the Segment increased 6.3% to $54.5 million from $51.2 million in 2001. Lower raw material costs early in the year and tight manufacturing
8
STRENGTH. STABILITY. SECURITY.
 
our Board of Directors. We welcome Susan to our Board and look to her knowledge and experience to assist us in the future.
In October, Alexander Zalesky was appointed to the position of President & General Manager of our International Division. Alex joined Sherwin-Williams from Eastman Chemical Co., where, over the past twen- ty years, he served in various engineering, sales and man- agement assignments throughout North and South America. Most recently, Alex was General Manager of Eastman Chemical’s Global Coatings business. Alex brings to this position a strong and diverse international management background, and we are fortunate to have him on our team.
LEAD PIGMENT LITIGATION
In previous years, Sherwin-Williams has elected not to engage in public discussions regarding lawsuits involving our historic manufacture or use of white lead pigment in paint. Given the heightened publicity this issue received over the past year, we feel it is appropriate to offer some perspective.
The industry, including Sherwin-Williams, played an important role in funding the “no strings attached” research that identified the risks associated with poorly maintained lead paint and in disseminating that informa- tion to health officials. In 1955, the industry’s efforts resulted in the adoption of a voluntary standard which essentially removed lead pigment from interior residential paint. Over twenty years later, in 1978, the federal gov- ernment banned the use of any lead ingredients in paint for residential and most commercial purposes. By the late 1930’s, virtually none of Sherwin-William’s interior archi- tectural paints contained lead pigments.
We are joined in most of these cases with several other defendants with whom we have maintained an excellent working relationship in the litigation. Over the past fifteen years we have never lost a case, nor have we ever settled. We believe that our arguments, and more importantly our actions, are solid and on the right side of the law.
Because we recognize that elevated blood lead levels in children is an important public health issue, we are work- ing with various community-based organizations to help address it. Most of these organizations concentrate their efforts on public education, training and lead hazard con- trol through effective property maintenance.
OUTLOOK FOR 2003
We expect modest growth in the paint and coatings industry in 2003. The forces that hindered economic recov- ery during 2002 are likely to linger through most of this year. Regardless of market conditions, Sherwin-Williams anticipates continued improvements in sales and earnings.
We cannot guarantee what our growth will be in 2003. We can guarantee that we will continue to expand the dis- tribution of our products by opening new stores, strengthening relationships with our retail partners and forg- ing new relationships. We will introduce innovative new products that will increase our customers’ productivity and satisfaction. We will strengthen our brands and provide unparalleled service to our customers.
Throughout its illustrious 137-year history, The Sherwin-Williams Company has been blessed by the extraordinary talent, commitment and dedication of its employees. Our success is due to their hard work and loy- alty. We give thanks to our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their trust and confidence, and for the privilege of being able to say: We are proud of the com- pany we keep.
  Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Joseph M. Scaminace
President and Chief Operating Officer
 BARRON’S: SHERWIN-WILLIAMS WAS INCLUDED IN A SELECT FEW LIST OF COMPANIES THAT HAVE MORE THAN SUFFICIENT ASSETS TO FUND THEIR FUTURE PENSION PLAN OBLIGATIONS. (OCTOBER 2002)
9
  