  letter to shareholders
  By any measure, 2001 will be remembered as an extraordinary year.
It was a year of tough business conditions in a tough economy that affected us all. It was a year of a shocking national tragedy that touched us deeply. It was a year
that brought our nation together and caused us to reflect upon our individual, family, community and corporate values. At The Sherwin-Williams Company, our culture is shaped by the values we have adhered to for the past 136 years. Our Annual Report to Shareholders begins by naming a few of these cornerstone values. Words like strength, sta- bility and security have always been woven tightly into the fabric of our company just as they reflect what is good and right about our country.
In 2001, Sherwin-Williams generated sales of $5.07 bil- lion, which was a 2.8 percent decline year over year. Net income came in at $263.16 million vs. $309.65 million in 2000, before a charge for impairment of long-lived assets. Diluted net income per share finished 2001 at $1.68 vs. $1.90 before the impairment of long-lived assets charge. While the landscape of American business was filled with companies that fared far worse, we take no satisfaction in this relative comparison. We are disappointed with our results.
Despite previous widespread forecasts, we recognized early in the year that an economic recovery in 2001 wasn’t likely to occur. It was clear that our track record of 23 con- secutive years of improved earnings was in jeopardy. Management reacted quickly by implementing a program we called “Challenge 24.” The goal was straightforward and simple: leave no stone unturned in an effort to achieve a 24th consecutive year of improved earnings. Challenge 24 was a rallying cry for each employee. We wanted to unleash the talent, knowledge and power of 25,000 employees pulling in the same direction.
Unfortunately, the combined energy and effort of our team was not enough to overcome the significant challenges posed by a weak global economy. Although our string of consecutive years of improved earnings ended at 23, Chal- lenge 24 made us a stronger company and helped us achieve some impressive gains.
In a year of lower sales and earnings, investors look for signs of strength, such as a company’s ability to generate cash. This past year, through excellent management of work- ing capital, we increased free cash flow by $145.65 million to a record $388.09 million. We define free cash flow as net operating cash available after dividend payments and cap- ital expenditures.
Two factors contributed heavily to this strong perform- ance. We reduced accounts receivable and inventory levels by a combined $133.63 million and decreased days out- standing on both accounts receivable balances and inventory. Our selling, general and administrative expenses were lower year over year for the first time in 20 years. This was accom- plished while still making significant investments in our company. We also were able to reduce headcount through thoughtful and responsible management of our human resource needs.
Our increased free cash flow was used to further strengthen, stabilize and secure our company in a num- ber of ways. We retired $123.06 million of debt and increased our year-end cash position by $115.92 million. We also used the cash to make an important acquisition in our Paint Stores Segment by purchasing the net assets of the Mautz Paint Company, including their 33 paint stores in the Midwest. Additionally, we bought back 6.7 million shares of the company’s common stock on the open market.
On the strength of our free cash flow performance, in 2002 the Board of Directors approved our 23rd consecu- tive increase in first quarter dividend payments. While 2001 was not the year we had hoped for, we nonetheless view these results as a positive indicator – during an especially tough year – of management’s commitment to fiscal respon- sibility and shareholder value.
Paint Stores Segment
The Paint Stores Segment increased sales by 0.7 percent over last year to finish the year at $3.21 billion. Operating profit came in at $390.49 million, which was a decrease of 5.1 percent from 2000’s performance. Sales of architectural and industrial paint gallons increased but were offset by
  5

   letter to shareholders
 negative year over year comparisons in our chemical coat- ings business.
Our marketing strategy is driven by paint purchase trends. As the population ages and people have less free time, the do-it-yourself market is shifting toward hiring pro- fessional painting contractors, who purchase almost all of the products they need from the paint store channel. There- fore, our 2,573 company paint stores in North America and the Caribbean give us a significant advantage over all other paint store competitors serving professional customers.
We remain committed to our program of store expan- sion and added or acquired a net of 85 stores to our chain in 2001. In addition, we continued to introduce new prod- ucts specifically aimed at improving the productivity of our professional customers. This commitment to technology ensures that we are at the forefront of product innovations year after year.
This past year, we continued to strengthen our leader- ship position in the industrial and marine coatings business. We gained market share by introducing new product technology aimed at specific focus markets. Our expanded business with the U.S. Navy is one example of our growing customer base for industrial and marine coatings.
Our chemical coatings business had a tough year as man- ufacturing companies across North America posted lower output month after month throughout 2001. We took steps to significantly strengthen this part of our company by form- ing a dedicated division within the Paint Stores Segment focused on growing domestic market share, expanding our supply capabilities outside North America, driving gallon sales and improving profits. We have significant opportu- nities in this business and look forward to improved results in the future.
Consumer Segment
Net sales for the Consumer Segment ended the year at $1.11 billion for a 9.0 percent decline from 2000’s per- formance. Operating profit came in at $108.17 million, representing a 24.1 percent decrease over last year.
Despite this performance, there were encouraging posi- tive trends in our Consumer Segment. During the second half of the year, sales with existing customers began to sta- bilize. More importantly, quarter over quarter profit improvements were registered in the fourth quarter for the first time in several years. We completed the realignment of this Segment to create three separate divisions: Consumer Division, Diversified Brands Division and Wood Care Divi- sion. The management teams responsible for these divisions played a significant role in the improved cash performance of the company. The leadership role these teams assumed
in our company’s Operational Excellence program is begin- ning to pay dividends that we expect to continue in 2002.
The Consumer Segment has a portfolio of outstanding brand names and relationships with leading retailers throughout North America. We expect improved future results from this Segment.
Automotive Finishes Segment
The Automotive Finishes Segment experienced a net sales decrease of 5.9 percent to $464.23 million for the year. Operating profit decreased to $51.23 million from $61.26 million. The decline in operating profit for the year was due primarily to lower sales volume and related manufacturing absorption. While collision repair sales throughout the year were higher, this gain was insufficient to offset a soft domes- tic economy that negatively impacted car and truck production, curtailing this Segment’s OEM sales. In addi- tion, inventory corrections by customers in the secondary distribution channels of this Segment further adversely impacted sales. We are encouraged, though, by the quarter over quarter operating profit improvement registered by our Automotive Finishes Segment in the fourth quarter of 2001.
This was the first full year of residency by our Automo- tive Finishes Segment in its 350,000-square-foot World Headquarters in Warrensville Heights, Ohio. This invest- ment in technology and facilities is already paying dividends by improving our customer relationships and service. Our customer loyalty program, the A-PlusTM Club, has an enrollment of more than 750 customers. We are excited about our growing and highly visible participation in NASCAR as the paint supplier to nearly 20 racing teams in 2001. Automotive Finishes Segment customers also can avail themselves of numerous e-business options at our highly interactive web site.
The Automotive Finishes Segment has developed a com- prehensive distribution platform that includes 174 company- operated branches, thousands of automotive refinish distributors and a presence in nearly 30 countries through subsidiaries and licensing agreements.
International Coatings Segment
Net sales in the International Coatings Segment decreased 8.9 percent to $279.62 million in 2001. Oper- ating profit, in U.S. dollars, decreased to $4.90 million from $17.65 million. The sales decrease was due primarily to unfavorable currency exchange rates and weak economic conditions in South America. Excluding the effects of currency exchange fluctuations relative to last year, net sales for the Segment increased 5.2 percent in 2001. The oper- ating profit decrease was a result of several factors including price competition, worsening economic condi-
6

tions in Argentina, and margin erosion caused by a market shift to lower-priced products.
We are committed to expanding our reach in this Seg- ment and remain confident about the sales opportunities that exist for our 52 company-operated stores and distri- bution outlets in more than 20 countries. Our ability to transfer advanced technologies from our domestic oper- ations enables us to maintain a leadership position in many of the markets we serve by providing superior coat- ings and a constant flow of new product introductions. Successful market expansion and penetration occurred in architectural, industrial, marine, aerosol and chemical coatings markets. Ronseal, our operation in the United Kingdom, successfully introduced an enamel paint line and an exterior stain line, achieving substantial gallon sales growth in 2001.
Management Promotions
This past year, three important management promotions were announced. Sean P. Hennessy was promoted to the position of Senior Vice President – Finance, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Sean has had an impressive 17-year career with Sherwin-Williams and has served in a wide range of financial and operating roles. Timothy A. Knight was promoted to President & General Manager, Diversified Brands Division. Tim has been a sales and marketing team leader throughout his seven-year career with the company
and is well suited for this division assignment. Harvey P. Sass was promoted to President & General Manager, Wood Care Division. Harvey has made significant contributions to our wood care business over his 14 years with the company, most notably in the area of sales and marketing. These changes strengthen our company and exemplify the importance we place on the retention and development of our strongest assets – our people.
Outlook for 2002
Financial forecasting has become increasingly difficult in the face of such uncertain economic times. Overall, we expect market conditions in 2002 to be flat to up slightly over 2001 with pockets of strength domestically tempered by a continued weakness in foreign currency and the econ- omy as a whole. However, The Sherwin-Williams Company has remained strong, stable and secure through all phases of the economic cycle, beginning its 23rd con- secutive year of anticipated dividend growth for shareholders and delivering the kind of performance expected from the market leader.
Carrying the moniker “America’s Paint Company” is a badge of honor that the 25,000 employees of our company wear proudly and responsibly. We salute and thank each and every one of them for their dedication and hard work, and know that they join us in thanking our loyal customers, our outstanding suppliers and our trusting shareholders.
   Christopher M. Connor Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Joseph M. Scaminace President and Chief Operating Officer
                             7
