  Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Joseph M. Scaminace
President and Chief Operating Officer
WE ARE PLEASED TO REPORT ON ANOTHER GOOD YEAR FOR THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY.
Our consolidated net sales for the year grew 4.3% to $5.41 billion from $5.18 billion in 2002. Income before the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle increased 6.9% to $332.1 million from $310.7 million last year, despite an after-tax $13.3 million headwind from a reduction in the net pension credit. Diluted income per common share established another new record high of $2.26 per share, which represents a 10.8% increase over last year’s previous high of $2.04 per share, before the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle. Considering the slow start we experienced in the first half of the year, we are pleased with our sales and earn- ings performance.
For the third year in a row, the Company’s net operating cash flow exceeded $550 million. Our Operational Excellence initiatives continued to help us generate significant cash from operations. Each operating division remained focused on reducing manufacturing and admin- istrative costs and improving our working capital management, which contributed substantially to our operating profit improvement and cash generation. It is particularly note- worthy that we were able to reduce our inventory days from 83 to 77 while maintaining the necessary service levels to support a sales increase.
This cash was used to strengthen our balance sheet and make additional investments towards building the future. Our debt to total capital ratio improved to 26.0% in 2003 from
6 COMMITTED TO EXCELLENCE
    
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
28.0% at year-end 2002. We invested $116.5 million in capital expenditures, and our Con- sumer Segment purchased Accurate Dispersions, a manufacturer of high-quality industrial and architectural colorants. We made cash dividend payments of $90.7 million and purchased 7.9 million shares of the company’s common stock on the open market for treasury. At year-end, our cash and cash equivalents stood at $302.8 million, an increase of $138.8 million over the end of 2002. On the strength of our earnings and cash position, our Board of Directors in 2004 approved a first quarter dividend of $0.17 per share, setting us on course for our 26th consecutive year of increased dividends.
PAINT STORES SEGMENT – Net sales for our Paint Stores Group increased by 5.1% to $3.5 billion from $3.3 billion in 2002. Comparable-store sales improved by 4.0% over the prior year. Operating profit from the Segment finished at $403.4 million, an increase of 1.2% over 2002.
For the professional user of coatings products, our paint stores provide the quality prod- ucts and services to make their businesses more successful. Contractor purchases continued to fuel solid growth in sales of architectural paint and related products, which was further sup- ported by increasing do-it-yourself customer traffic throughout the year. We were also encouraged by positive year-over-year sales comparisons in our industrial maintenance and product finishes businesses in the latter half of the year.
In 2003, we added 45 net new stores, for a total of 2,688 stores located in North America. We ended year two of a three-year program to refresh the interiors of our stores with the com- pletion of another 500 stores, and remain on target to complete the entire chain by the end of 2004. As part of the refresh program, all stores received an upgraded POS computer system that dramatically reduces processing time, enabling our store personnel to spend more time servicing customers and less time on administrative tasks.
Again in 2003, our stores introduced important new products that incorporate advanced technologies designed to improve productivity and performance. Our popular ProMar® interior paint line received multiple enhancements, and we introduced a new paint system called Builders SolutionTM, a high-build product line for use on drywall surfaces.
For our industrial maintenance customers, we continue to introduce new products under the Express Tech® brand. This line of coatings offers significant labor savings and productivity improvements that allow property and equipment to be returned to service in less time.
Our Chemical Coatings Division was energized by an upturn in the domestic manufactur- ing sector during the second half of 2003. With construction of our new manufacturing facility in Shanghai complete, we are now better positioned to support domestic OEM cus- tomers who have relocated their operations to that part of the world.
CONSUMER SEGMENT – External net sales in the Consumer Segment increased 1.0% to $1.2 billion in 2003 versus the prior year. An improving DIY market resulted in stronger architec- tural paint sales and increased sales of aerosol and wood care products at some of the Segment’s largest retailers.
Operating profit for the Segment grew 3.3% to $199.0 million. This operating profit improvement resulted from a combination of higher sales volumes, manufacturing efficiencies related to increased volume and aggressive expense control in accordance with our Opera- tional Excellence program.
COMMITTED 7 TO EXCELLENCE
    
 Our Consumer Segment is organized into three operating divisions: Consumer, Diversified Brands and Wood Care. In recent years, each of these divisions has demonstrated how the combination of brand strength and innovation can result in expanded distribution, market share gains and category growth. The introduction of our new Krylon® Fusion for PlasticTM areosol paint in 2003 is the most recent example. Unlike conventional spray paint, this new aerosol paint technology bonds permanently to plastic, which opens up a whole new market for the Krylon® brand. Consumer response to Krylon® Fusion for PlasticTM, and sales results, has been extraordinary. Similarly, since the introduction of our revolutionary Twist & PourTM container, our Dutch Boy® brand has gained share in the DIY paint market every quarter.
AUTOMOTIVE FINISHES SEGMENT – Our Automotive Finishes Segment posted a 0.6% sales increase to $456.7 million for the year, aided by a change in a Brazilian subsidiary’s fiscal year to a calendar year basis. Despite the negative effect of currency fluctuations, sales improve- ments in the Segment’s International operating units more than offset domestic sales declines.
Operating profit for the Segment decreased 3.8% to $52.4 million for the year from $54.5 million in 2002. Operating profit for the year declined as a result of lower sales volume and unfavorable manufacturing absorption. We were encouraged by the strong fourth quarter 2003 performance of our Automotive Finishes Segment, which posted an 8.6% net sales increase and a 20.5% improvement in operating profit.
In 2003, the Segment added 18 new branches in North America, bringing the total number of company-operated branches in the U.S., Canada, Jamaica and Chile to 194. During the year, we introduced advanced new primer technologies that will increase the productivity of our shop customers. We also introduced our unique Internet Scale system, which offers customers around the world instant access to our vast color formula database.
INTERNATIONAL COATINGS SEGMENT – Net sales in our International Coatings Segment increased 16.8% to $285.3 million in 2003. During the year, a Brazilian subsidiary changed their fiscal year to a calendar year basis, adding an additional month to the year’s results. This was partially offset by the negative impact of currency fluctuations during the year. The combined impact of currency fluctuations and the change in fiscal year added $9.7 million in sales to the Segment’s 2003 results.
The International Segment realized an operating profit of $8.4 million in 2003 compared to an operating loss of $5.6 million in 2002. Results in 2002 included impairment charges of $11.9 million. The impact of the Brazilian subsidiary’s change in fiscal years to a calendar year basis more than offset the effect of unfavorable currency exchange fluctuations for the year.
The poor economic conditions that have existed in South America show signs of improv- ing. Although market demand for architectural and industrial finishes in the region continue to be somewhat constrained, we are expanding our distribution and strengthening our brand offering. In Chile, we introduced our Minwax® branded stains and varnishes, and in Brazil we further expanded our architectural and industrial distribution platforms with the addition of some important new accounts.
In the United Kingdom, our RonsealTM wood care coatings are market leaders, and the Ron- seal business delivered another outstanding year of financial performance. For the second year in a row, we were recognized as supplier-of-the-year by the leading home improvement store chain in the U.K.
8 COMMITTED TO EXCELLENCE
   
 MANAGEMENT CHANGES – In May, Tom Brummett was appointed President and General Manager of the Chemical Coatings division of our Paint Stores Segment. Throughout his 40- year career with Sherwin-Williams, Tom has held various positions in sales and marketing management within the Paint Stores organization. Prior to this appointment, he served as President of the Eastern Division of the Paint Stores Segment. Tom’s strengths as both an operational manager and strategic thinker will serve us well as our Chemical Coatings divi- sion continues to build the manufacturing and technology infrastructure to serve our customers around the globe.
Tim Drouilhet was appointed to succeed Tom as President of the Eastern Division of the Paint Stores Segment. Since joining Sherwin-Williams in 1979, Tim has excelled in the capacities of store manager, district manager and vice president of sales, all within the Paint Stores Segment. We are confident that Tim’s motivational leadership, keen market insight and passion for the business will keep the Eastern Division on the path of growth and profit improvement.
OUTLOOK FOR 2004
We are encouraged by the strength of our business in the latter half of 2003. The demand for architectural products has held up well and many commercial and industrial market segments showed marked improvement as the year progressed. However, we continue to believe that the recovery in the U.S. industrial sector will develop slowly, and we have planned accordingly.
Our continued success in 2004 will rely on our ability to expand the distribution of our brands and products by opening new stores at an accelerated pace and by increasing our retail presence outside of our store network. We will challenge our marketing and technical organi- zations to develop and commercialize new, innovative products in less time, and our sales organizations to use these products to gain market penetration and sell new customers. We will continue to focus on the efficiency and productivity of our operations to ensure that an ever-growing portion of each sales dollar goes to profit.
Our commitment to excellence has provided us with the inspiration and focus to continue our mission of exceeding customer expectations. The caliber of our workforce is truly excep- tional and embodies excellence. We acknowledge their hard work and innovative thinking, and in one voice we offer our thanks to our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued trust and confidence.
Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Joseph M. Scaminace
President and Chief Operating Officer
  COMMITTED 9 TO EXCELLENCE
    