   EACH YEAR, WE MEASURE
our success by the results we achieve and by our progress in positioning the company for even stronger performance in the future. By both of these measures, 2005 was a very good year for The Sherwin-Williams Company.
For the second consecutive year, we achieved strong double-digit growth in sales volume, revenues and earn- ings. Consolidated net sales increased by more than one billion dollars, finishing the year at $7.19 billion. Net income increased 17.8 percent to $463.3 million and diluted net income per common share rose more than 20 percent to a record $3.28 per share.
The combination of earnings growth, improved oper- ating efficiency and effective integration of acquired businesses helped to strengthen the Company’s financial position in 2005. We reduced our working capital, defined as accounts receivable plus inventories minus accounts payable, to 12.5 percent of sales in 2005 from 13.8 percent of sales in 2004. On the strength of our earnings performance and working capital management, we generated $717 million in net operating cash, or roughly 10 percent of sales.
Throughout the year, we used this cash to reduce debt, enhance productivity, increase manufacturing capacity, purchase our stock for treasury and increase our dividend. We retired $114 million in debt, reducing our total debt as a percentage of total capitalization to 26.2 percent at the end of 2005 from 30.9 percent at the end of 2004. In November, Standard & Poors upgraded Sherwin-Williams’ debt rating to A+ from A, and in December Moodys changed their outlook on our compa- ny to “Positive” from “Stable.” Both of these moves were the result of our strengthening financial position, their confidence in management and their outlook on our prospects going forward.
During the year, we invested $143.1 million in capi- tal expenditures to increase manufacturing capacity, enhance productivity of our existing facilities and begin the construction of a new paint manufacturing plant in the western United States that will be complet- ed and operational late in 2006.
We continued our long-standing practice of returning a
 Christopher M. Connor
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
2
  
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
portion of the cash we generate to shareholders through treasury stock purchases and dividends. In 2005, the Company purchased 8.1 million shares of its common stock in the open market. We increased our cash dividend for the year by fourteen cents to $.82 per share, marking the 27th consecutive year of dividend increas-
es. In 2006, I will recommend to the Board of Directors that we continue our policy of pay- ing out 30 percent of prior year’s diluted net income per share in the form of a cash divi- dend. Pending Board approval, this will re- sult in a quarterly dividend of $.25 per share, or $1.00 per share for the year, an increase of 22 percent over 2005.
industrial maintenance and marine markets in 2005. The focus of our product development effort is on formulat- ing coatings that require less labor to apply, look better and protect longer than the generation of products they are replacing. We are also an industry leader in the sale of coatings products that comply with increasingly strin- gent air quality regulations that limit the volume of Volatile Organic Compound (VOC) emissions. You will find many examples of new products featured in this annual report.
CONSUMER SEGMENT
External net sales in the Consumer Segment increased 7.7 percent to $1.40 billion for the year versus the same period last year. Acquisitions accounted for all of the sales increase in the Consumer Segment. Operating profit for the year declined $18.6 million, or 9.9 percent, to $169.1million. Consumer Segment operating profit for
GENERATED $717 MILLION IN CASH FROM OPERATIONS.
the year was adversely affected by increased raw material costs and a $22.0 million goodwill impairment charge reflecting an anticipated reduction in business with a major retail customer beginning in 2006.
Our Consumer Segment fulfills a dual mission. It sup- plies name brand and private label products to retailers
We are proud of our performance in 2005, particular- ly in light of the unrelenting raw material cost pressures that have plagued our industry over the past two years. Our 2005 results are a testament to the hard work and dedication of our 30,000 employees around the world.
PAINT STORES SEGMENT
Net sales for our Paint Stores Segment increased 21.9 percent to $4.85 billion from $3.98 billion in 2004. Comparable store sales grew by 13.6 percent during the year, marking the second consecutive year of double-digit growth. Operating profit for the Segment increased 23.4 percent to $592.5 million.
Our paint stores serve three major market segments in the North American coatings market: architectural paint customers, OEM product finishers and industrial maintenance and marine coatings users. We achieved solid growth in all three of these segments during
the year, and we made progress on several
initiatives that will position us well for the future.
In 2005, we opened 98 net new stores, ending the year with 3,081 stores in operation in North America compared to 2,983 stores at the end of 2004. In 2006, we will continue to aggressively pursue our goal of 3 percent annual growth in store count, opening in the range of 100-plus net new stores.
We made significant progress during the year integrat- ing Duron, Inc., which we acquired in September 2004. The 229 Duron paint stores now share a common sys- tems platform with Sherwin-Williams stores, including order management, inventory management and financial
reporting. These systems will further improve the pro- ductivity and efficiency of Duron stores that were already performing well.
Our Paint Stores Segment introduced 18 new prod- ucts for the architectural, OEM product finishes and
THE SHERWIN-WILLIAMS COMPANY INCREASED SALES BY $1 BILLION, SURPASSING THE $7 BILLION MARK.
  3
        
  throughout North America. It also provides manufactur- ing, distribution and new product development support to our Paint Stores Segment.
27 CONSECUTIVE YEARS OF DIVIDEND GROWTH.
There are roughly 56,000 retail outlets in the U.S. that sell coatings or coatings related products. Today, about 35,000 of these outlets offer one or more product lines manufactured by our Consumer Segment and sold under such brand names as Dutch Boy®, Pratt & Lambert®, Krylon®, Minwax®, Thompson’s® WaterSeal®, Purdy® and various private and associate labels.
Product and marketing innovation keeps our brands strong and vital. In 2005, our revolutionary Ready To RollTM paint container was recognized as “The Most Inno- vative Package of the Year” by the Institute of Packaging Professionals and received special recognition from several of our major customers. Krylon H2OTM, a latex paint in aerosol form, is ideal for indoor use and cleans up with soap and water. And the launch of our new Pratt & LambertTM Never Compromise ColorTM Color Sample Selector lets customers explore color palettes and preview color combinations before they paint an entire room.
AUTOMOTIVE FINISHES SEGMENT
Net Sales for our Automotive Finishes Segment increased 7.1 percent to $550.8 million for the year. The majority of this increase came from strong international sales, new product line introductions and favorable cur- rency fluctuations. Operating profit for the full year declined $800,000, or 1.4 percent, to $57.2 million.
During the third quarter of 2005, the Automotive Finishes Segment sold its majority interest in an automo- tive coatings joint venture in China, resulting in a loss of $7.9 million, which impacted operating profit. After just 18 months in the joint venture, disposition was the most practical solution to the diverging strategic visions for the business by the two owners. Our Automotive man- agement team realized that continuing the joint venture would add significant risk to the venture without a com-
mensurate return for Sherwin-Williams shareholders and decided to take the short term loss.
In 2005, the Automotive Finishes Segment opened seven new branches, bringing the total to 203 in the U.S., Canada, Jamaica, Chile and Peru. During the year the Segment introduced a new automotive water- borne basecoat/clearcoat system called AWXTM that is formulated to comply with stringent European Union VOC regulations scheduled to take effect in 2007. We also launched Planet ColorTM, a collection of optically enhanced automotive coatings for the custom finishing market.
INTERNATIONAL COATINGS SEGMENT
Net sales for the International Coatings Segment grew 21.8 percent to $388.0 million in 2005. Favorable cur- rency fluctuations increased sales for the Segment by 9.8 percent in the year.
Operating profit in this segment for the year grew to $23.6 million from $18.0 million in 2004—an increase of 30.6 percent. This was primarily the result of higher sales volumes, operating efficiencies resulting from man- ufacturing volume increases and tight expense control.
International Coatings Segment made great strides during the year in strengthening our brand identity and expanding distribution outside North America. In Brazil, we completed an extensive overhaul of our packaging to better align the images of our various brands and strengthen their association with Sherwin- Williams. In Argentina, we were listed among the top 60 companies to work for based on an annual survey by Great Places to Work Institute published in the Clarin Newspaper. And in Italy, we partnered with an established distributor to re-launch our RonsealTM brand wood care coatings line.
MANAGEMENT CHANGES
In July, David F. Hodnik, retired President and Chief Executive Officer of Ace Hardware Corporation, was elected to our Board of Directors. Dave brings a wealth of financial and management experience in a retail environment to the Board, and we look forward to receiving many years of his valuable insight and counsel. This appointment brings the total number of board members to 11 and the number of independent directors to 10.
     4
  
 This past year, we realigned our management struc- ture and elevated three key executives to oversee significant portions of our business, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer. John Morkis will continue in his role as Group President, Paint Stores Segment. As Group President, Consumer Segment, Tom Seitz has assumed responsibility for the entire Consumer business, includ- ing Diversified Brands and Wood Care Divisions. Tim Knight has been promoted to the new position of Group President, Global Group,
we are working with various community-based organizations to help address it. Most of these organizations concentrate their efforts on public education, training and lead hazard control through effective property maintenance.
OUTLOOK FOR 2006
We are encouraged by the strength of our business throughout 2005. Strong demand for architectural
overseeing all divisions of the
company whose activities
extend beyond the boundaries
of North America. These gen-
tlemen have proven
themselves to be savvy busi-
ness managers and
outstanding leaders over there long tenures with the company. Each brings an impressive record of accom- plishment to their new role.
LEAD PIGMENT LITIGATION
Given the heightened publicity that lead pigment litigation has received over the past year, I feel it is appropriate to offer some perspective.
The historical record is clear that the industry, and specifically Sherwin-Williams, has always acted respon- sibly and within the law. The industry played an important role in funding research that identified the risks associated with poorly maintained lead paint and in disseminating that information to health officials. In 1955, these efforts resulted in the adoption of a volun- tary standard by hundreds of paint companies, which essentially removed lead from interior residential paint. Over twenty years later, in 1978, the federal government banned the use of lead pigments in paint for residential and most commercial purposes.
We are joined in most of these lead pigment cases with several other defendants with whom we have maintained an excellent working relationship. Our arguments, and more importantly our actions, are solid and on the right side of the law, and we will continue to vigorously defend the Company against these mis- guided attacks.
Because we recognize that elevated blood lead levels in children is an important public health issue,
AGAIN NAMED AS ONE OF THE BEST 100 COMPANIES TO WORK FOR BY FORTUNE MAGAZINE.
products coupled with positive trends in the global OEM finishes, industrial maintenance and automotive refinish markets give us good reason to be optimistic as we enter 2006.
Raw material cost pressures remain a concern, but a manageable one. Recent improvements in the availability of oil, natural gas and petrochemicals have somewhat tempered the sharp rise in raw material pricing we saw in 2004 and 2005. Barring an unforeseen political or natural disaster we would expect this trend to continue in 2006, resulting in a more stable raw material cost environment as the year unfolds.
Once again, FORTUNE Magazine named Sherwin- Williams to their list of the “100 Best Companies to Work for.” We are committed to the values and princi- ples that helped us gain this recognition, and we will continue to foster a work environment that recognizes and rewards hard work and innovative thinking.
On behalf of the men and women of The Sherwin- Williams Company around the world, we offer our thanks and appreciation to our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued trust and confidence.
Christopher M. Connor
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  5
     