                                         2009 WAS A VERY CHALLENGING YEAR for The Sherwin-Williams Company. U.S. architectural paint industry volume plunged more than 11 percent in the year and total coatings industry shipments, including protective and marine coatings and finishes used in manufacturing, fell even more. Domestic new construction activity continued to spiral downward while commercial vacancy rates and residential fore- closures continued to rise. Conditions in most mar- kets outside the U.S. were only marginally better.
As a result of these difficult market conditions, our results declined for the second consecutive year. Consoli- dated net sales finished the year at $7.09 billion, down $885 million, or 11.1 percent, from the prior year. Net income declined 8.6 percent to $435.8 million and diluted net income per common share declined 5.5 percent to $3.78 per share from $4.00 per share in 2008.
Although we are disappointed by the decline in sales and earnings, we made steady improvement over the course of the year, and we ended on a relatively positive note in the fourth quarter. Earnings per share in the second half of 2009 improved by $.42 compared to the first half, and surpassed second half 2008 earnings per share by $.17.
This positive trend was a function of two noteworthy factors. First, a moderation in the rate of year-over-year sales declines in the second half and particularly in the fourth quarter. Second, the hard work our people have done all year long to manage expenses, improve margins and reduce working capital. Consolidated gross margin rebounded 220 basis points from the prior year’s
depressed level finishing the year at 46 percent of sales. Selling, general and administrative expenses for the year declined $108.8 million.
For the fourth consecutive year, our net operating cash topped 10 percent of net sales. Cash from operations came in at $859.2 million, more than 12 percent of sales. The significant reductions in accounts receivable and inventory we achieved during the year, partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable, added $172 million to net operating cash. Our year-end accounts receivable plus inventories less accounts payable to sales ratio decreased to 10.7 percent in 2009 from 11.2 percent in 2008. Free cash flow for the year, which is net operating cash minus capital expendi- tures and dividends, increased by approximately $12 million to an all-time high of $605 million.
Free cash flow for the year increased by approximately $12 million to an all-time high of $605 million.
We continued our long-standing practice of returning a portion of the cash we generate to our shareholders through treasury stock purchases and dividends. In 2009, we acquired 9 million shares of the company’s stock for treasury for a total investment of $530 million. At year-end, our remaining share repurchase authorization stood at 10.75 million shares. We also increased our annual dividend two cents to $1.42, keeping our string of 31 consecutive years of increased dividends intact.
   LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
     John G. Morikis
President and
Chief Operating Officer
Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Sean P. Hennessy
Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer
     1
 
                                          In December, we issued $500 million in five-year bonds at a coupon rate of 3.125 percent; the second lowest rate paid on five-year notes in 2009 and the 14th lowest in his- tory for “A” rated companies. Early in 2010, we entered into a new three-year, $500 million credit agreement that we will use to finance working capital requirements and to support commercial paper borrowings. This agreement includes a provision to increase the size of the facility, sub- ject to the discretion of each lender, up to an aggregate amount of $750 million. These two measures enhanced our liquidity and affirmed the confidence lenders have in the financial strength of the Company.
Across all divisions in 2009 we recruited 530 high caliber people into our respected Management Training Program and invested more than $100 million in research, development and commercialization of new product tech- nologies. We are confident these investments will benefit the company in the near term and deliver appropriate returns in the long term.
PAINT STORES GROUP
Net sales for our Paint Stores Group finished the year at $4.21 billion, a decline of 12.9 percent from 2008. Seg- ment profit decreased 7.4 percent to $600.2 million, but increased as a percent of sales to 14.3 percent from 13.4 percent in 2008. The improvement in profit margin was primarily a result of higher gross margin and lower SG&A expense and impairment charges.
Sherwin-Williams leads the industry in the sale of environmentally favorable paints and coatings.
Throughout the year, our Paint Stores Group continued to suffer the brunt of this deep, protracted recession due to our heavy mix of sales to professional painting contrac- tors. Industry-wide coating sales to professional painters declined more sharply than sales to do-it-yourself home- owners in 2009 for two reasons. First, because the hardest hit end markets—new residential and commercial con- struction —are painted exclusively by professionals. Second, cautious homeowners were understandably hesi- tant to hire contractors to do work they believe they can do themselves.
Because we continue to believe the professional painter will be the fastest growing customer segment in the coat- ings market over the longer term, and pros prefer to shop at specialty paint stores for supplies and equipment, we continued to invest in new store locations in 2009. During the year we opened 53 stores in new markets and consoli- dated an additional 45 redundant store locations, for a net increase of eight new stores for the year. Our store count in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean now stands at 3,354.
Architects, builders, designers and consumers have fully embraced the “green building” movement, and Sherwin- Williams leads the industry in the sale of environmentally favorable paints and coatings. Our Paint Stores Group mar- kets a broad line of low-VOC architectural paints and light industrial coatings, such as Harmony®, ProGreenTM 200, Pro Industrial 0 VOC, Pro Industrial Pro-Cryl® Universal Primer, PrepRite® Block Filler and ProSelect® Stampede Polyurethane Sealant. These products not only satisfy our own GreenSureTM standards for minimizing environmental impact, but have also earned GreenGuard Indoor Air Quali- ty Certified® and GreenGuard for Children and Schools® certification.
CONSUMER GROUP
Our Consumer Group fulfills a dual mission for the Company—supplying branded and private label products
to retailers throughout North America and supporting our Paint Stores Group with new product research and develop- ment, manufacturing, distribution and logistics. The group operates 25 manufacturing plants and six distribution centers in North America and maintains the largest, most advanced research and development facility of its kind in the world.
External net sales for our Consumer Group declined 3.7 percent to $1.23 billion for the year, primarily as a result of weak end market demand across most of the group’s retail customers. Segment profit for the year increased 12.2 per- cent to $157.4 million and segment profit margin improved to 12.8 percent from 11.0 percent in 2008. The improve- ment in Consumer Group’s profitability was due primarily to good expense control, reduced asset impairment charges, and favorable freight and other distribution costs that were only partially offset by higher per-unit fixed costs due to reduced manufacturing and distribution volume.
In response to the continued deterioration in sales vol- ume in North America, Consumer Group took some bold and difficult steps to protect the Company’s profitability. During the year we closed or idled an additional four man-
    2

                                          ufacturing facilities and five distribution service centers. Many of the employees affected by these decisions were long-time members of the Sherwin-Williams family who made significant contributions to our success over their many years of service. We thank them for their hard work and dedication. The Group also accelerated the develop- ment of many Six Sigma and Lean Continuous Improve- ment initiatives, which resulted in a 22 percent increase in Operational Excellence savings from 2008 to 2009, mark- ing our eighth consecutive year of increased savings from our OPEX initiative.
In 2009, four of our manufacturing plants and one dis- tribution facility earned the Occupational Safety & Health Administration’s (OSHA) prestigious Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) certification. VPP status is granted to facili- ties that implement comprehensive worksite safety and health management systems and measure results against specific performance criteria. In total, Sherwin-Williams operates 23 OSHA VPP certified facilities, more than any other paint manufacturer in North America. Less than one- tenth of one percent of all work sites in America qualify as OSHA VPP sites.
We have a long history of developing innovative new coatings products that address real consumer needs. In 2009, we introduced the Purdy® EcoProTM line of applica- tors made from recycled and renewable materials, includ- ing brushes, roller covers and the first ever biodegradable paint tray. We launched a new line of high-performance lubricants, cleaners and coating removers made with biodegradable, renewable resources under the Sprayon® Eco-GradeTM brand. We extended our successful Krylon® Fusion paint for plastic line with the introduction of Krylon® Fusion Brush-On, the first brush-on paint for plastic. Our new Dutch Boy® RefreshTM interior paint with Arm & Hammer® odor-eliminating technology earned GreenGuard Indoor Air Quality Certified® status.
GLOBAL FINISHES GROUP
Net sales for our Global Finishes Group decreased 11.4 percent to $1.65 billion. Currency translation rate changes before acquisitions reduced sales in U.S. dollars by 4.8 per- cent and acquisitions increased the group’s sales in U.S. dollars by 1.5 percent. Segment operating profit for the full year decreased $87.2 million, or 57.3 percent, to $65 mil- lion, primarily as a result of reduced sales volume and im- pairment charges and the loss on dissolution of a foreign subsidiary totaling $25 million that were partially offset by
lower SG&A expenses. Currency translation and acquisi- tions reduced segment profit $5.9 million for the year. As a percent of net sales, Global Finishes Group’s operating profit decreased to 3.9 percent for the year from 8.2 per- cent in 2008.
Over the past 10 years, our shareholders have enjoyed an average annual return, including dividends, of almost 14 percent.
Global Finishes Group manufactures and sells original equipment manufacturer (OEM) finishes, automotive fin- ishes, protective and marine coatings and architectural coatings to a growing customer base around the world.
We go to market through independent retailers, franchisees and distributors as well as through our own company- operated branches. In 2009, we strengthened our well- established operations in Brazil, Argentina, Chile and Mexico, and increased our presence in many emerging, high-growth markets.
We expanded our controlled distribution platform, opening 10 new company-operated branches in Latin America and three in India. At the same time, we contin- ued to rationalize our industrial coatings controlled distribution platform in North America, closing seven automotive finishes branches, eight product finishes facili- ties, as well as two manufacturing plants. Global Finishes Group ended the year with 539 branches in operation com- pared to 541 a year ago.
We recently completed construction of a new 215,000 square foot factory in Zhaoqing, China to serve our growing business with electronics and furniture manu- facturers in South China, and we announced plans to build a new blending facility in Langfang in North China, scheduled to open in June 2010. We now operate five manufacturing plants and six blending facilities in China, Malaysia, Vietnam, the Philippines and Singa- pore, and research and development centers in China, Vietnam and Malaysia.
BOARD CHANGES
In July, John M. Stropki, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. was elected to our Board of Directors and appointed to the
     3

                                         Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board. John brings a wealth of global manufacturing and management experience to the Board, and we look forward to receiving many years of his valuable insight
and counsel.
In October, Thomas G. Kadien, Senior Vice President,
Consumer Packaging and IP Asia, International Paper Company, was elected to our Board of Directors and appointed to the Audit Committee of the Board. Tom’s demonstrated leadership for more than 30 years with International Paper, and his marketing expertise and international management experience, will be a valuable addition to the Board.
These two appointments bring the total number of board members to 11 and the number of independent directors to 10.
A DECADE OF GROWTH
For the past decade, I have been privileged to serve
as CEO of The Sherwin-Williams Company. During that time, we weathered two difficult recessions, the combined effects of which prompted the Wall Street Journal to declare this time period “America’s Lost Decade.” In many respects it was.
In 2001, during the first of these recessions, Sherwin- Williams suffered declines in both sales and earnings. We took that setback pretty hard but it served as a rallying cry for our people, and rally they did. In the subsequent six years, our sales grew from $5 billion to $8 billion. Despite the negative impact of the current recession, from 1999 to 2009 our sales grew at an average annual rate of 3.6 percent. During that same timeframe, U.S. coatings industry volume declined at an annual rate of 2.1 percent. Our diluted net income per common share grew at an annual compounded rate of 7.7 percent, from $1.80 per share in 1999 to $3.78 per share in 2009, compared with annual earnings growth of less than 1 percent for the S&P 500. Our shareholders have been rewarded for this growth, enjoy- ing an average annual return, including dividends, of
almost 14 percent, compared to the average annual return for the S&P 500 of 2.6 percent, and 2.2 percent for our peer group.
I believe our success over the past decade stems from a combination of sound strategy and solid execution, both a direct result of attracting and developing high caliber peo- ple. Throughout my 27-year career with the Company, I have always been surrounded by very talented men and women. Two such extraordinary talents, John Morikis, Chief Operating Officer, and Sean Hennessy, Chief Finan- cial Officer, celebrated their 25-year anniversaries with Sherwin-Williams in 2009.
OUTLOOK FOR 2010
We enter 2010 cautiously optimistic that the worst of the global recession is behind us. At the same time, we acknowledge that economic recovery may be slow and erratic, and coatings demand in many end markets will likely remain weak.
Over the past three years, we have worked hard to make Sherwin-Williams a leaner, financially stronger and more profitable company. We have fine-tuned our capital structure, tightly managed fixed costs and SG&A expense, reduced inventories and expanded our distribution plat- form domestically and abroad. These actions, along with our continued focus on serving a diverse and increasingly global customer base, have positioned us to perform well through the balance of this recession and outperform in a recovery. We are confident that 2010 will be a year of improvement for the Company.
On behalf of the men and women of The Sherwin- Williams Company around the world, we offer our thanks and appreciation to our customers, suppliers and share- holders for their continued trust and confidence.
Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
          4
