To Our Shareholders
By every measure, 2007 was an exceptional year for our Company. We achieved
a significant milestone by exceeding $2.0 billion in sales, delivered record earnings and further strengthened our leadership position in the markets we serve. While we achieved these record results, we also completed two strategic acquisitions and initiated key collaborations to enhance our leadership position in life science, high technology and service.
Our 7,900 dedicated employees working in 36 countries remained committed to enhance global reach through excellence in everything we do to drive customers’ success. Through a comprehensive line of innovative products, which includes 100,000 chemicals and 30,000 laboratory equipment prod- ucts backed by unsurpassed service, we delivered value to our customers’ research, development and manufacturing projects. Our products are used to support research and development in a broad array of applications ranging from pharmaceuticals to semiconductor materials. The value we delivered to our customers in turn helped us to deliver superior returns to our shareholders.
Our 2007 results were driven by a continued focus to advance
all five initiatives of our customer-centric strategic plan, which was formally launched at the beginning of 2006. We had another record year for safety performance with the lowest recordable injury rate and the best safety record in the industry. An initiative to support sustain- able business programs was launched throughout the Company that aims to decrease energy consumption through recycling and waste reduction. All of these achievements established a strong foundation for our continued growth.
Financial Results
Sigma-Aldrich’s strong performance continued in 2007, extending our record to 33 consecutive years of continuous growth in sales and earnings per share (EPS) for our chemical business. All of the Com- pany’s fundamentals are strong and getting stronger. Once again in 2007 each of our four customer-centric business units (% of sales) and all geographic regions (% of sales) contributed to sales growth. Net sales increased by 13.4% to $2.04 billion, with SAFC (29%) lead- ing the group with a reported gain of 19.1% followed by Research Specialties (37%) at 13.6%, Research Essentials (19%) at 9.2% and Research Biotech (15%) at 8.1%. Each geographic region posted sales gains led by strong double-digit growth in faster growing international markets. Reported sales in CAPLA (Canada, Asia Pacific and Latin
America) countries (20%) grew fastest at 20.1%, with Europe (44%) and the U.S (36%) posting growth rates of 17.9% and 5.4%, respectively. These growth rates reflect, once again, Sigma- Aldrich continuing to gain share in our markets.
Our earnings performance also set another record with net income of $311.1 million and diluted EPS of $2.34, reflecting 12.4% and 14.1% increases, respectively, over 2006. A return on equity (ROE) of 20.6% again exceeded our long- term goal of 20% for the fifth consecutive year. Our financial position remained strong with a debt to capital ratio of 25.0% at December 31, 2007 and a 26.8% increase in cash flow from
operations, adding $63.8 million to our cash position during 2007. We remain the most profitable company in the chemical industry with the financial resources to invest for future growth.
Enhancing Global Reach through Excellence
Each of the five initiatives of our 2006 strategic plan, focused on accelerating customers’ success, helped propel our growth in 2007. Key highlights and accomplishments during the year included:
Enabling success through structure A key initiative of the 2006 plan was to align our business units to serve different customer segments. This customer-centric structure continued to serve us well in 2007 as customers recognized several of our employees and business units for their customer success driven approach. For the second year in
a row Abbott, a leading pharmaceutical and diagnostic company, recognized Sigma-Aldrich with their “Supplier Excellence Award”. Sigma-Aldrich was also chosen to receive the “Science Leadership Award“ by the Academy of Science for supporting research.
Expanding our global footprint One of the dominant realities of a global economy is the shifting of work from the western to eastern parts of the world. We've done business in Asia for many years, and we have a solid distribution channel throughout that region. We are
 SIGMA-ALDRICH 2007 Annual Report 1

2007 Year in Review
JANUARY
Sigma-Aldrich launches Protease Finder
Sigma-Aldrich launches GenomePlex® Tissue Whole Genome Amplification Kit
FEBRUARY MARCH
APRIL
SAFC completes construc- tion of major new protein purification facility
Sigma-Aldrich introduces Your Favorite Gene, a comprehensive gene-based search tool
MAY
Sigma-Aldrich acquires Molecular Medicine BioServices to expand SAFC Pharma capabilities
L
JUNE
Sigma-Aldrich announces the Aqua PeptideTM Partner- ship Program and launch
of the world’s first aqua peptide library
SAFC Supply Solutions introduces a wide range of food-grade certified products
Sigma-Aldrich acquires Epichem Group Limited to expand SAFC Hitech capabilities
L
Sigma introduces QuantiGene® 2.0 RNA Quantification System
   The synergy created through this acquisition enhances our position in the high technology market.
The expanded capacity responds to the increased demand in large-scale viral manufacturing.
     Strategic Plan Initiatives
1.) Align Organizational Structure with Customers and Markets
2.) Expand in Faster-Growing Geographic Markets
3.) Build on Internet Superiority
4.) Leverage Process Improvements for Excellent Reinvestment Returns
5.) Fill Growth Targets through Acquisitions
planning for 25% of our sales to come from these faster-growing economies of the world by 2010. We're well on our way with 20%
of our 2007 sales from these markets. To support this growth, in 2007 we made some significant commitments to expand our footprint in China and South Korea to have products produced and stored closer to the customers in that region. In 2007, with a commitment of sup- port by the government of Israel, we also began work to expand our large-scale fermentation capabilities to produce active pharmaceutical ingredients in Jerusalem. This leverages our core capabilities in the region in an effort to become a dominant supplier of high potency pharmaceuticals derived through fermentation.
Enhancing our worldwide reach through the Internet One other reality and growing trend in our business is a shift to e-commerce channels and the Internet to retrieve information and conduct business. In 2007, we hit a new record with 40% of our research sales reaching us through e-commerce channels. To support this trend and growth, we replaced our current platform with a new e-commerce platform to offer cus- tomized solutions for customers’ requirements. To increase content, ease of use and search capabilities, we also launched Your Favorite Gene,
a specialized search tool and entered into a partnership with Ingenuity, a leading life science content database company. We expect the combined power of Your Favorite Gene and the Ingenuity partnership to result in a paradigm shift in how life science researchers search for products based on specific genes and disease pathways.
Leveraging process improvement Like service, process improvement is ingrained in the fabric of our company. This year marks six straight years of process improvement efforts that yielded annual savings in
excess of $15.0 million. To leverage our learnings from past world- wide functional improvement initiatives, we completed a major study to streamline our supply chain and launched a multi-year project with eight separate sub-initiatives. When fully implemented, it is expected to result in net savings of $35.0 to $45.0 million per year, adding $0.19 to $0.24 to EPS by 2012.
Building capabilities through acquisitions Acquisitions and licensing technology are important elements in our overall growth strategy. Last year we made two acquisitions to expand our capabilities in strategic aspects of our business. Epichem, which became part of our SAFC business unit in February, will expand our capabilities to support the growing material science and semiconductor materials market. Molecular Medicine BioServices, based in Carlsbad, California, was acquired to provide us capabilities in large-scale viral manufacturing. In addition to these two acquisitions, we entered into a key partner- ship with Sangamo Biosciences to develop products and applications around their zinc finger-based technology that will enable researchers to edit and insert gene fragments in living cells. These technologies and licensing deals are expected to continue strengthening Sigma- Aldrich’s leadership position in life science and high technology.
Building Bench Strength
Recognizing that the long-term success of Sigma-Aldrich is dependent on the depth and breadth of management experience, we initiated a formal process to identify and develop next-generation leaders. The process involves early identification of talented employees with a track record of superior performance and leadership potential. Career paths are developed for each of these high potential employees to
   2 SIGMA-ALDRICH 2007 Annual Report

2007 Year in Review (continued)
JULY
Sigma-Aldrich and Sangamo BioSciences announce alliance to develop zinc finger-based laboratory research reagents
Sigma-Aldrich board mem- ber Nina Fedoroff receives national medal of science
AUGUST
Biomarker discovery simplified with innovative technology from Sigma-Aldrich
Sigma-Aldrich announces LentiExpressTM technology for faster and easier high- throughput RNAi screening
SEPTEMBER
Sigma-Aldrich expansion in People’s Republic of China to support SAFC growth
SAFC expands european commercial manufacturing and storage capacities with $10 million investment
L
OCTOBER
SAFC supports potent API conjugate manufacturing with new St. Louis production suite
NOVEMBER
Sigma-Aldrich announces mirPremierTM microRNA isolation kit for miRNA purification
Sigma-Aldrich donates $6 million in inventory to 15 institutions around the world
L
DECEMBER
Sigma-Aldrich Argentina celebrates 2007 World AIDS Day
Sigma-Aldrich hits $2 billion in sales
 Investment increases cGMP commercial-scale API manufacturing capacity at Arklow, Ireland facility and expands capacity at Buchs, Switzerland facilities.
build an array of required skills and prepare them for leadership roles. This past year we also made some significant changes to strengthen our management team. Gerrit van den Dool assumed an expanded role as vice president of Sales and David Smoller was promoted to president of the Research Biotech business unit.
Sharing Success with Shareholders
While we continued to work hard and drive customers’ success, we remained focused on earning your trust by enhancing the value of your investment in our Company. This year a significant amount of our cash provided by operations was used to finance strategic acquisi- tions and new capital projects in an effort to ensure the long-term growth of Sigma-Aldrich. At the same time we continued to return value to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. In 2007, we returned approximately $60 million in cash to shareholders through dividends and repurchased $184 million in value of our shares.
Looking Ahead
The major mission of Sigma-Aldrich is to position the Company for sustained and profitable growth over the long term. Many of the elements are in place to realize this goal:
• A company with great brand recognition and a long history of providing unsurpassed service to customers;
• Professional and highly skilled employees in all parts of the organization;
• Great manufacturing capabilities and unique technology;
• The best geographic distribution network of any company in our
markets; and
• Healthy margins and a strong balance sheet.
Includes third-largest donation in Sigma-Aldrich history, to be used by St. Louis University medical school research teams.
         Our goal for 2008 is to build on these capabilities. We’ll focus on flawless execution of strategies and tactics to continue our top line growth, leverage it to our bottom line, develop our next generation of leaders and operate safely and in compliance wherever we do business across the globe.
In closing, I'd like to thank two long-term directors for their many years of service as members of our Board. Dr. Nina Federoff left our Board in August 2007 to serve as the full-time scientific advisor to the U.S. Secretary of State, and Mr. Bill O'Neil will retire in May 2008 following 21 years of dedicated service.
It is an honor and a privilege to work for a great company commit- ted to helping customers find solutions that will contribute to improving our quality of life worldwide. We are humbled by the legacy we have inherited from those who have come before us, proud to be a part of the success and world-class performance that is Sigma-Aldrich today, and mindful of our responsibility to build on that legacy. I thank you for your ongoing confidence in our Company. And I assure you that we will do our best to continue to earn it by making Sigma-Aldrich the best company it can possibly be.
JAI NAGARKATTI
President and Chief Executive Officer
 SIGMA-ALDRICH 2007 Annual Report 3
