To Our Shareholders,
Sigma-Aldrich delivered record sales, profits and free cash flow in 2012 and its 38th consecutive year of earnings per share growth. Despite macroeconomic headwinds related to research funding and the volatility in some of the commercial and industrial markets we serve, our teams were able to rise to the occasion and deliver these record results. Our long-standing commitment to operational excellence and customer intimacy played a key role in these accomplishments.
We continued to invest for future sales and profit growth by launching several new innovative products, expanding our footprint in emerging markets, building capacity for our commercial Life Science and Hitech products, enhancing our eCommerce engine, consolidating central distribution centers in North America, and acquiring BioReliance and Research Organics.
Our core mission of enabling science to improve the quality of life continues to guide our efforts with customers in research and applied labs as well as in industrial and commercial markets. Our commitment to develop and deliver the highest quality products and services results in deepening collaborative relationships with our customers. In 2012, these deeper relationships led to advances in developmental cancer treatments, new methods of detecting diseases and the presence of environmental contaminants, and the launch of research tools that accelerate the development of new small molecule and biological drugs. At the beginning of 2013, we advanced our continuing efforts to enhance customer intimacy by realigning our Company into three market-focused business units – Research, SAFC Commercial and Applied. Each of these new business units will be better able to tailor product innovations, customize solutions, and leverage sales and marketing channels to meet customer needs.
The Research business unit focuses on serving customers in academic and government research labs as well as in pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. We develop innovative tools and solutions that our customers use to investigate complex diseases, create new materials, and foster a deeper understanding of our world. We are committed to broadening our industry- leading portfolio of chemicals and biological reagents, expanding our sales and distribution channels, and increasing our presence in faster growing emerging markets. Additionally, this unit manages a strong, global network of dealers, who take Sigma-Aldrich products to more remote customers and geographies.
The SAFC Commercial business unit serves customers engaged in the development and manufacture of Life Sciences and Electronics products. These customers require critical raw materials and services that have a significant bearing on the performance of their end products. We play an integral role in their businesses by providing high-potency compounds for small molecule drugs, industrial cell culture media, biological safety testing for biopharmaceuticals, and chemical precursors for the LED and semiconductor industries.
In recent years, sales to customers who use our products in their work in clinical diagnostics, environmental testing and other industrial applications have grown significantly and now represent nearly a quarter of our total sales. To best meet the needs of these customers, we created a new Applied business unit, formed by combining portions of the former Research and SAFC business units. By working more closely with these customers, we are expanding our offering of workflow-based solutions, improving collaboration to develop new tests and methods of sample preparation and analysis, and increasing the number of industry-specific raw materials available at enhanced quality levels.
As we reflect on the progress made in 2012, our global workforce of talented and dedicated employees continues to place a priority on serving our customers while working safely and efficiently. I am proud of how our employees are involved in their local communities around the world. This involvement has resulted in our Company receiving several prestigious civic, sustainability and employer-of-choice awards and accolades.
On behalf of Sigma-Aldrich’s 9,000 employees, I wish to thank our shareholders, customers, and other stakeholders for their continued support.
2012 AnnuAl RepoRt 1
 Rakesh Sachdev
President & Chief Executive Officer
                              1998
Genosys Biotechnologies Acquired
2000
$1B Sales
6,000 Employees 33 Countries 85,000 Products
B-Line Systems Metals Business Sold
1999
Strategic plan sharpens focus in Life Science and High Technology
2004
Tetrionics Acquired
2006
Bejing Superior Acquired
Iropharm Acquired
Pharmorphix Acquired
Advanced Separation Technologies Acquired
2007
$2B Sales
7,900 Employees 36 Countries 130,000 Products
Epichem Group Ltd. Acquired
Molecular Medicine Bioservices, Inc. Acquired
2010
Cerilliant Corporation Acquired
2009
2012
BioReliance Holdings, Inc. Acquired
Research Organics, Inc. Acquired
Wuxi, China Packaging and QC Facility Opens
Bangalore, India Distribution and Packaging Facility Opens
2001
2005
Proligo Group Acquired
JRH Biosciences Acquired
ChemNavigator. com, Inc. Acquired
2011
Resource Technology Corporation Acquired
Vetec Quimica Fina, Ltda. Acquired
$55M R&D Center Opens (St. Louis)
Isotec, Inc. Acquired
Ultrafine Acquired
