 2 SIGMA-ALDRICH 2009 AnnuAL RepoRt
 To Our Shareholders
Sigma-Aldrich delivered another strong performance in 2009 even as we faced the most challenging economic climate in recent history. Organic sales growth and cost management more than offset a strong currency headwind and enabled us to extend our growth record in earnings per share to 35 consecutive years. We also achieved a record level of free cash flow and maintained our strong financial position. These achievements were the result of an outstanding level of commitment by our employees worldwide who made necessary adjustments to deliver short-term results while still investing to position our Company for sustainable long-term growth. We are an innovative company, strategically positioned to support evolving global research and manufacturing requirements, with strong financial resources to make the investments needed to drive future growth.
Scientists founded Sigma-Aldrich with a passion for enabling new discoveries in life science and high technology materials. The core values that drive us are based on our understanding of how scientists work and their expectations. Our continued commitment to enable customers’ success has earned us the trust of researchers and production managers around the world. Sigma-Aldrich has a singular mission – Enabling Science to Improve Quality of Life, which we strive to achieve by being
a supplier of innovative products used in research and manufacturing applications.
financial Results
Our strong performance continued in 2009 with reported sales of $2.1 billion and record net income of $347 million. Each of our four customer-centric business units contributed
Jai nagaRkaTTi
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 Enabling Science to Improve Quality of Life

 to our organic sales growth. In a year where
the broader markets did not grow, our three research business units delivered organic sales growth of 2%. Despite facing challenging market conditions early in the year, our specialty Fine Chemical business (SAFC) finished strong with fourth-quarter organic sales growth in double digits to deliver a modest full-year growth of about 1%. Our SAFC unit benefited from our ability to rapidly manufacture and supply
crucial ingredients used to produce the H1N1 flu vaccine and other biopharmaceuticals. Geographically, our sales in international markets (Canada, Asia Pacific and Latin America) continued to grow at an accelerated pace. In our focus markets of China, India and Brazil,
we grew at an impressive rate of 18% on an ex-currency basis.
We were successful in expanding operating profit margins to 23.3% of sales, up from 22.9% in 2008 despite an adverse currency impact.
The global supply chain initiatives, which we launched in 2007, achieved $22 million in savings and were an important contributor to margin expansion. We achieved a new high of $2.80 in diluted earnings per share, a growth rate of 21% excluding the impact of currency changes. Our return on equity of 23% exceeded our long-term goal of 20% for the seventh consecutive year and free cash flow of $396 million set a new record. The Company’s financial position has never been stronger, and gives us the flexibility to make sig- nificant investments to fund future growth.
As a result of strong earnings, we once again increased our dividend for the 35th consecutive year as we returned $71 million to shareholders. We also spent $67 million to repurchase our shares. Every year, we strive to continue earning your confidence and trust through our performance.
investing for long-Term growth
While many businesses reduced investments,
we continued to invest for our future growth. We invested $120 million in capital expenditures and an additional $25 million to expand our tech- nology portfolio while maintaining our normal spending levels on research and development. Some of our investments in 2009 included:
• A fermentation plant in Israel to make bio-
logical products conforming with regulatory requirements,
• A new state-of-the-art plant in Wisconsin
to make high-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients,
• An expansion of capacity to produce compo- nents for viral vaccines in California, and
• A new distribution and warehousing center in Shanghai to support our growing business in China.
We introduced more than 40,000 new products
in 2009, including over 15,000 new antibodies that are used to study and understand diseases. To build a strong position in our gene editing and manipulation products, we expanded our licens- ing agreement for the award-winning CompoZrTM Zinc Finger Nuclease (ZFN) technology to include broad commercial rights. Applying this ZFN technology in collaboration with researchers at the University of Wisconsin, we created the first targeted transgenic (genetically modified) rat model. This breakthrough in transgenic animal production has enabled us to develop and offer new human disease models for research. Under a research grant from The Michael J. Fox Founda- tion, our scientists are using this novel technology in an effort to create research models critically needed for the development of transformative treatments for Parkinson’s disease.
SIGMA-ALDRICH 2009 AnnuAL RepoRt 3
 Enabling Science to Improve Quality of Life

 4 SIGMA-ALDRICH 2009 AnnuAL RepoRt
We continued to invest in e-commerce capabilities to maintain our superiority by increasing the func- tionality, speed and content of our website. Global research sales through e-commerce channels
rose to 45% of total research sales, up from 42% one year ago. With the mid-year acquisition of ChemNavigator®, a leading provider of discovery research informatics software tools, we now have a comprehensive suite of virtual screening and selection tools and an industry-leading searchable database of over 60 million compounds.
strategy for growth
Our strategies for continued top- and bottom-
line growth are built on leveraging our core competencies of unrivalled scientific knowledge, broad product offering in life science and high technology materials, unique manufacturing capabilities, global sourcing, packaging and distri- bution capabilities and our process improvement culture. Having conducted an exhaustive externally- focused review of our markets and customer buying preferences, we plan to add new product- focused initiatives to leverage our core strengths in Analytical Chemistry, Biology and Chemistry- Materials Science. Elements of this strategy include: • Expanding our presence and building a
leadership position in Analytical Chemistry markets by focusing on faster-growing
segments of environmental, food safety and bioanalytical testing;
• Targeting high-growth Biology segments with new products and technology where
we have proven capabilities or a unique technology platform. We recently unveiled our new Sigma® Life Science brand and website, designed to elevate the current focus on biology and provide a single destination where researchers can access deep biological knowledge and market-leading products and technologies. Our biology product offering is broad and includes the world’s largest custom oligonucleotide service, a growing portfolio of more than 26,000 monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies, the largest number of bioactive small molecules in the market, peptides and proteins for cell biology and neuroscience research, cutting-edge gene silencing prod- ucts and novel rodent models of human disease developed using the CompoZrTM ZFN technology; and,
• Accelerating our focus and growth in the Mate- rials Science segment of the chemistry market with new applications for alternative energy, organic and micro-electronics, specialized polymers, high purity metals, nanomaterials and biocompatible products.
 2009 year in review
January
Launch of Your Favorite Gene powered by Ingenuity provides scientists access to dynamic library of
life science research; Company honored with
CIO 100 award.
March
april
     Enabling Science to Improve Quality of Life
New web portal provides the stem cell biology community with easy access to stem cell product portfolio.
Expanded presence in the Republic of Chile provides local service to research and manufacturing customers.
Sigma-Aldrich and Roche NimbleGen combine technol- ogy platforms to advance the development of drugs for epigenetic research.
                                           
 our future
As we continue to expand and grow, we intend to maintain our culture of operating at the high- est level of safety and compliance. We are proud of the safety record we again achieved in 2009, with the fewest number of injuries in our history and reaching a world-class safety record in
our industry. As a company, we also remain committed to advance global sustainability through the introduction of new, greener chemistry products and packaging initiatives. We have initiated Global Citizenship Awards to recognize employees who are working to reduce the environmental impact of our business opera- tions. Our employees around the world continue to be engaged in their respective communities, supporting many worthy causes. Through our Company and the Sigma-Aldrich Foundation,
we contributed more than one million dollars in cash and products to support several community and educational projects, even in a challenging economic climate.
Employees have always been an integral part of our success. We strive to create an environment that offers our team the opportunity to grow and advance their careers with our Company. Nearly 400 of our employees took on additional respon- sibilities with promotions in our organization
during 2009. I welcome two senior managers who joined the team this past year. George Miller joined us as Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel and Mike kanan was appointed Vice President and Controller. I also thank Tim Sear who will be retiring after the annual meeting this year for his valuable contribution as a direc- tor of our Company. We welcome Dr. George Church, Professor of Genetics at Harvard Medical School, as a new member of our board.
In closing, I thank each of our shareholders for their continued support during 2009 and look forward to a successful 2010. We have a strong company with dedicated employees who are poised to execute our strategy to propel our growth in 2010 and beyond. We can look to the future with confidence.
CompoZr Zinc Finger Nucle- ase Technology used to create first targeted knockout rats.
SAFC® and Sartorius Stedim Biotech partner to provide world-class fluid management and liquid/powder systems for biopharmaceutical manufacturing.
New Sigma Advanced Genetic Engineer- ing (SAGETM) Labs opens to offer unique rodent models to researchers.
ChemNavigator, Inc. acquired to provide researchers industry-leading chemical compound selection and procurement services.
Michael J. Fox Foundation awards Sigma-Aldrich a grant to develop Parkinson’s Disease research models.
SIGMA-ALDRICH 2009 AnnuAL RepoRt 5
  JAI NAGARkATTI
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 July
august
october
   December
Targeted knockout rat ranks among The Scientist magazine’s top five innovations of 2009.
  Enabling Science to Improve Quality of Life
