toour Shareholders
RAKESh SAChDEV
President & Chief Executive Officer
Sigma-Aldrich delivered strong performance in 2010, with improved sales growth, a higher operating profit margin and record free cash flow. our stock price hit a new high as we extended our record of annual increases in diluted earnings per share to 36 consecutive years.
The year 2010 saw gradual recovery in our markets, and further consolidation in the industry. Our resilient, time-tested business model, a very broad customer base, diverse product offering, and global reach again enabled us to achieve this strong performance.
Sigma-Aldrich is an innovative Company, strategically well-positioned to meet our customers’ evolving global research and manufacturing needs in the life science and high technology industries. Customers in research laboratories and manufacturing facilities around the world combine their scientific expertise with our products in a continuous effort to discover, develop or manufacture materials designed to improve the
quality of life. Everyday 7,900 dedicated Sigma- Aldrich employees demonstrate their passion for helping customers by providing a wide array of products and services that drive life science and high technology research and manufacturing.
Our Strategic Plan
The Sigma-Aldrich Strategic Plan serves as
our roadmap for the future - outlining our
path for profitable growth and shareholder value creation. At its core are our key growth initiatives - ABCM (Analytical, Biology and Chemistry with a Materials Science focus) for the Research business; supporting customers’ life science and high technology manufacturing requirements through SAFC; refocusing our Sales Force; enhancing our eBusiness; platform; and expanding in Emerging Markets.
2010 AnnuAl RepoRt 1
      
2 SIGMA-ALDRICh
  As a world leader in supplying research chemicals and biochemicals, and a well-respected partner in fine chemicals development and manufacturing, we continue to see tremendous future opportunities for our Company.
Sigma-Aldrich was founded by scientists with a passion for providing the tools to support new discoveries. The core values that motivated them were based on personal knowledge of how scientists work. Our continued commitment to value-driven leadership has earned Sigma-Aldrich the trust of researchers around the world. Our core strengths – a strong reputation for quality, service and distribution, and the trust we have built with our customers by providing them reliable products and services for more than 50 years are expected
2010 Highlights
Sigma-Aldrich teams have been executing
are now beginning to see real benefits. We
working, but also that our execution strategy is effective. Following are some highlights from our plan’s growth initiatives:
Our Strategic Plan
Analytical Initiatives
Growth strategy targets fast-growing analytical laboratory markets through innovative solutions in new applications including:
• Environmental and food safety testing • Drug discovery and development
• Water testing
to continue driving our success. From research to manufacturing, we have aligned our business with the full complement of customer needs, creating new solutions that foster a greater level of collaboration with the scientific community.
   in analytical
• Expanded our Analytical portfolio with innovative solutions for environmental, food safety and pharmaceutical testing markets
• Introduced an Analytical specialist team in China
• Added new standards and reagents projects for our matrix, USP and phytopharma standards
• Acquired Cerilliant® Corporation, a leading reagents and standards company, to expand our product suite
in BiOlOgy
• Received the silver medal in The Scientist magazine’s Top Ten Innovations for 2010 for new genetically modified reporter cell lines, based on the CompoZr® Zinc Finger Nuclease (ZFN) technology
• Launched the next generation of our award-winning research portal, Your Favorite Gene, Version 3.0
• Added 10,000 additional antibod- ies to our continually expanding portfolio
• Expanded our pioneering range of engineered mammalian cell lines using our CompoZr® ZFN technology
• Developed rat models for neurosci- ence, absorption, distribution, metabolism and excretion (ADME)/ toxicology, immunodeficiency and oncology studies
• Acquired Ace Animals, Inc.TM, and expanded our in vivo biology offering by enhancing Sigma- Aldrich Genetic Engineering (SAGETM) Labs’ rodent husbandry capabilities, adding new models to our portfolio and a strategic location for distribution
our strategic plan initiatives since early 2010 and we feel that initial results validate not only that our plan is

Financial performance
Strong performance continued in 2010. Our research and SAFC businesses and all geographic regions contributed to sales growth. Overall sales increased by 6% led by a strong 9% gain in SAFC sales and a 4% increase in research sales. Each geographic region also posted a sales gain, led by double digit growth in faster growing international markets. Our global supply chain initiative again contributed to our operating margin improvement. The 2010 return on equity of 21.5% exceeded our long-term goal of 20% for the eighth consecutive year. The Company’s financial position remained strong, with cash of $569 million and a debt to capital ratio of 21% at December 31, 2010. Operating and free cash flow both achieved new records in 2010.
our Management team
We were saddened by the loss of Dr. Jai Nagarkatti, our esteemed Chairman, President and CEO, on November 13, 2010. He will be fondly remembered for his outstanding contributions to the Company and the business and scientific communities he touched.
Our Board of Directors had in place a succession plan for senior leadership and key officers, including the Chief Executive Officer, that it had been working on since 2009 as it prepared for Jai’s eventual retirement. On Jai’s passing the Board elected Barrett Toan as our Chairman and I was appointed President and CEO.
2010 AnnuAl RepoRt 3
 in chemiStry - materialS Science
• Leveraged Aldrich® Chemistry’s leading brand position to enter the Materials Science marketplace
• Focused on innovative products and technologies aimed at applica- tions in alternative energy, organic electronics and nanomaterials
• Introduced two new Centers of Excellence to support the growing demand for polymers and hard (metal and ceramic) materials
in SaFc
• Opened the expanded Madison, Wisconsin manufacturing facility, significantly increasing capacity to produce commercial-scale High Potency Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients
• Initiated plant consolidations to improve productivity and lower fixed costs
• Identified and expanded differen- tiated, global manufacturing capabilities through strategic portfolio assessment
in Our SaleS FOrce
• Tested and deployed a successful pilot program to refocus our sales force as product specialist group
• Improved sales and marketing alignment
• Increased emphasis on internal programs including lead genera- tion, deal support and post sale implementation
in emerging marketS
• Transitioned a distributor network sales model to Sigma-Aldrich sales representatives in Brazil, resulting in more than 60% regional sales growth
• Added six sales offices in China
• Began infrastructure expansion to better support customers in Bangalore, India and Wuxi, China
in eBuSineSS
• Hosted39millionvisitstoourweb- site in 2010, a 17.5% increase over 2009
• 48% of global research sales now come through our “e” channel
• Introduced quick-win functional- ities to enhance the customer web experience, including guest shopping, a mobile website, product recommendations and improved response times

4 SIGMA-ALDRICh
Kirk Richter, our Vice President and Treasurer, assumed the additional role of Interim Chief Financial Officer and will serve in that expanded role during the search for a new Chief Financial Officer.
Earlier in the year, Magnus Borg joined our Company as Vice President and Chief Information Officer to lead our global information technology
Our Strategic Plan
Biology Initiatives
Growth strategy leverages innovative capabilities in areas including:
• Gene editing using exclusive Zinc Finger Nuclease (ZFN) technology
• CompoZr® ZFN for cell line engineering
• Sigma Advanced Genetic Engineering (SAGETM) Labs for unique animal model design
• Custom oligonucleotides services
2010 Year In Review
January
SAFC enhances world-class European storage, packaging and distribution facility in Steinheim, Germany
Mobile device website launched putting rich scientific information at the fingertips of the research community
FeBruary
Supelco® introduces break- through in bioseparations performance with Ascentis® Express ES-C18 chromatog- raphy columns
strategy. Magnus brings more than two decades of Information Technology management experience to Sigma-Aldrich, including significant operations and sales development expertise in the United States and abroad.
After serving over 26 years in progressively responsible positions in our Milwaukee, Wisconsin operations, Joe Porwell assumed the role of Vice President – Global Supply Chain following the retirement of Dave Julien.
Strategy for Growth – A Year in Review
The Sigma-Aldrich strategic plan serves as our roadmap for the future. At its core are our key product growth initiatives – Analytical, Biology and Chemistry with a Materials Science (ABCM) focus. These segments of the research market are expected to experience high growth rates. Our aim is to achieve leadership positions in these target
    march
Sigma Life Science intro- duces world’s first suite of knockout rats for ADME/Tox applications
Sigma-Aldrich licenses RAFT polymerization technology from CSIRO®
aPril
New $30 million high- potency API facility opens in Madison, Wisconsin
Next generation of award- winning “Your Favorite Gene Powered by Ingenuity” research portal launches
may
Sigma-Aldrich announces goals to reduce waste, water and energy use through Global Citizenship 2010- 2015 Initiative
June
SAFC announces expansion of liquid media and reagents Centers of Excellence in
St. Louis, Missouri and Irvine, Scotland
Environmentally-safe broad spectrum biocide for medical in vitro diagnostics introduced
             
areas and to grow faster than the markets we serve. This requires a coordinated emphasis to develop value propositions for our customers that we will communicate through our new product information and strategic marketing programs. For SAFC, our manufacturing business, we plan to highlight our unique manufacturing capabilities that include cGMP facilities.
To bring our strategic offerings to customers, we are utilizing Go-to-Market Accelerators: our Sales Force, eBusiness and Emerging Markets. In 2010 we developed each Go-to-Market Accelerator, fine- tuning the way we approach our customers and executing plans for the future. Tactical plans and activities range from Research Biotech’s focus on increasing the production of important polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies in Israel, to investing in our global supply chain; from developing Quality Control programs to support regional requirements
Our Strategic Plan
Chemistry & Materials Science Initiatives
Growth strategy strengthens our traditional chemistry offering and expands opportunities by developing or acquiring key innovative products in materials science for applications including:
• Alternative fuels
• Solar energy
• Hydrogen storage • Fuel cells
to putting packaging infrastructure in place that serves emerging markets.
looking Forward
Our plan provides a clear path for long-term growth and was built on our core competencies – our sourcing
 July
SAFC Hitech® announces initiatives to address opportunities in solar power applications
auguSt
Sigma-Aldrich receives National Institutes of Health funding for cardiovascular disease research
Sigma Life Science and SwitchGear GenomicsTM announce agreement to co-develop novel microRNA target validation system
SePtemBer
Sigma Life Science enters genetically modified cell market using proprietary CompoZr Zinc Finger Nuclease (ZFN) technology
OctOBer
SAFC completes expansion of high-potency fermenta- tion capabilities in Israel
Partnership with Autism SpeaksTM to develop improved autism animal models
nOvemBer
Collaboration with The Jackson Laboratory for distribution of genetically engineered mice
SAFC extends gene editing technology platform with ZFN products and services
DecemBer
Started SAFC Hitech facility expansion in Taiwan to enhance global capacity for high-brightness LED manufacturing
Sigma Life Science awarded silver medal in The Scientist Magazine’s Top Ten Innova- tions 2010
2010 AnnuAl RepoRt 5
                
6 SIGMA-ALDRICh
and unique manufacturing capabilities, our supply chain, brand reputation, quality products, innovation, scientific knowledge, and our service culture. We plan to continue to evaluate the competitive landscape and the impact of global trends, considering new, adjacent opportunities for growth. Market conditions are not likely to change much in 2011, so we expect mid-single-digit organic sales growth. We also plan to invest $15 – $20 million to support the strategic growth initiatives, but expect to hold operating margins at the level achieved in 2010.
Our Strategic Plan
SAFC Initiatives
Growth strategy includes focusing
resources and investments in
strategic segments where the market
is growing faster than average and
where we have distinctive competencies including:
• Leveraging our research offering with larger quantities of our catalog products
• Pursuing selective commercial opportunities to use our unique manufacturing capabilities to produce cell lines using Zinc Finger Nuclease technology, high potency active pharmaceutical ingredients and compounds
for LED’s
• Addresscustomers’evolvingsupplychainrequirements
We also plan to enhance our merger and acquisition engine to further expand growth through inorganic moves. We will continue to be thoughtful, but also more aggressive in using our cash to fill product gaps, give us more channels to market and acquire technologies that enhance our competitive position. We have strengthened our Corporate Development
team to not only identify opportunities, but to integrate these acquired businesses effectively and efficiently.
Sharing Success with Shareholders
In 2010, we returned $78 million to shareholders through cash dividends and repurchased $99 million in value of our shares. We are particularly pleased with our stock price performance in 2010, that combined with a 10% increase in our cash dividend, provided a 33% return to shareholders. Every year, we strive to earn your confidence and trust through our performance. To achieve growth during challenging times, our approach will be to seize opportunities and enhance our leadership position in select markets through continued focus on strategic areas and by making prudent decisions to manage costs, delivering strong profitability and excellent return on investment for shareholders.
In closing, we wish to thank each of our shareholders for their continued confidence and support during 2010. We have a strong Company, with dedicated employees who are poised to execute our strategy and drive growth in 2011 and beyond. We are humbled by the legacy we have inherited from those who have come before us and are proud to be part of the success and world-class performance that is Sigma-Aldrich today and are dedicated to maintaining a leadership position in the markets we serve. We look toward our future with confidence.
RAKESh SAChDEV
President & Chief Executive Officer
     