           Dear ShareholDerS anD FrienDS,
                                            We are privileged to be a part of the vitally important food industry. Our family of nearly 5,000 employees recognizes we can have a positive and meaningful
These innovative offerings include our Folgers Gourmet Selections® and Millstone® K-Cup® pack product lines, which generated sales of nearly $290 million in fiscal 
financial highlights
impact on society through our continued focus on Our Purpose of helping to bring families together to share memorable meals and moments.
We are honored that consumers choose our iconic brands and portfolio of trusted products as part of their everyday meals, snacks shared with friends, and family celebrations. It is through these times that we connect with each other, nurture relationships, build meaningful traditions, and create lasting bonds with those most special to us.
At Smucker, we have always believed that how we do things is as important as what we do, and by seeking to fulfill Our Purpose, sales and earnings will follow. Our shared Purpose, combined with the implementation of our clear Strategy, enables us to best serve our constituents and has ensured that we continue to deliver strong results, as we delivered record sales, earnings, and cash flow in fiscal 2013.
Among the highlights of our record fiscal year:
• Net sales were up 7 percent to $5.9 billion.
• N  on-GAAP earnings per share rose 14 percent to $5.37. • Cash generated from operations increased 17 percent 
to $856 million, with free cash flow increasing to almost 
$650 million. • We repurchased nearly 4 percent of our shares, 
utilizing nearly $360 million in cash. • The annual dividend paid per share increased 
approximately 9 percent.
These results were achieved while introducing a number  of innovative new products, successfully capitalizing on new businesses, and making significant investments toward our future growth.
Innovating for Consumers
Our commitment to innovation allows us to continue to meet the ever-changing needs of consumers. New  products introduced in the past three years delivered net sales of $530 million in fiscal 2013. This includes  more than 60 new products launched in fiscal 2012  and 70 new products in fiscal 2013. 
2013. In addition, Folgers® Fresh Breaks®, a premium, single-serve instant coffee with a more roast-and-ground  taste; Jif ® Hazelnut, our first specialty nut spread offering; new Pillsbury® seasonal baking products; new Dunkin’ Donuts® seasonal coffee flavors; and a line of Smucker’s® Natural fruit spreads were introduced.
We also have a robust innovation lineup heading into fiscal 2014. We look forward to introducing the Dunkin’ Donuts® Bakery SeriesTM of flavored coffees, the 100 percent UTZ Certified premium coffee line under the Life is good® brand, and expanding our presence in the peanut butter and specialty nut butter segment through Jif Whips and Jif Almond and Jif Cashew butters. 
The success of our product innovations is the result of a  strong commitment to quality and innovative marketing programs. Our marketing initiatives strive to connect with consumers at the right time and where they are, which is increasingly online. Digital efforts make up approximately 15 percent of our total U.S. Retail marketing spending.
Traditional marketing vehicles, such as television  advertising, consumer promotions, and sponsorships, remain a strong focus as well. Twenty-five new television  commercials were developed in fiscal 2013. An exciting new marketing initiative is the sponsorship of the 2014  Winter and 2016 Summer U.S. Olympic and Paralympic  teams. We are honored to be associated with, and help support, the dreams of U.S. athletes. Related initiatives will span TV advertising, retailer and consumer promo- tions, product packaging, and digital support behind our participating brands – Folgers, Jif, Smucker’s, and Smucker’s® Uncrustables®.
Investing in Our Future
Our record financial results were achieved while also making significant investments toward future growth at our manufacturing facilities and within our supply chain. Restructuring of coffee and fruit spreads operations was largely completed in fiscal 2013, with a goal of making us as efficient and agile as possible. This restructuring  is expected to yield $60 million in run-rate savings in  fiscal 2014 and is on track to achieve the full $70 million  in fiscal 2015.
2013 $5,897.7
$ 544.2 $ 5.00
$ 584.8
$ 5.37 106,486,935 4,875
Year Ended April 30,
$ 4.73 110,284,715 4,850
(Dollars in millions, except per share data)
Net sales
Net income and net income per common share:
Net income
Net income per common share – assuming dilution
Income and income per common share excluding special project costs:
Income
Income per common share – assuming dilution Common shares outstanding at year end Number of employees
(1)
2012 $5,525.8
$ 459.7 $ 4.06
$ 535.6
  (1) Refer to “Non-GAAP Measures” located on page 32 in the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis” section for a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure.
Acquisitions have also been proven strategic growth drivers that have contributed to sustained growth in recent years. We spent much of fiscal 2013 integrating the Sara Lee foodservice coffee and hot beverage business — that was acquired in January 2012.
The Sara Lee foodservice coffee and hot beverage  acquisition has provided the scale necessary for our Foodservice business to generate additional opportunities. One of these is a multiyear licensing and distribution agreement with Cumberland Packing Corp. for its line  of tabletop sweeteners including Sweet’N Low ® and Sugar In The Raw ®. These products will complement  our Foodservice beverage business in the U.S. and Canada, while also expanding our tabletop presence.  The addition of these brands also adds to our retail  presence in Canada.
Moving Forward
Looking ahead, we expect to continue to invest in our business to build our iconic brands. We will also continue to look for acquisitions that fit our Strategy and contribute to long-term growth. These initiatives should enable us  to continue returning value to our shareholders.
In addition to continuing our steady history of dividend growth, we also repurchased approximately 12 percent of our shares outstanding during the past three years. In total, more than $2 billion has been returned to our  shareholders since fiscal 2008.
Our achievements demonstrate that our commitment to “doing the right things and doing things right” as we seek to fulfill Our Purpose benefits all our constituents — consumers, customers, employees, suppliers, communities, and shareholders.
The confidence to grow our business and deliver  shareholder value is based on our unique culture, guided by our Basic Beliefs — Quality, People, Ethics, Growth, and Independence. Our Basic Beliefs help us preserve
a culture where collaboration is valued, meaningful relationships are built, and the ability to implement with excellence is expected and recognized.
We especially want to thank our dedicated employees, whose unwavering commitment is an essential element to our success. Additionally, we greatly appreciate the loyalty of our consumers, customers, suppliers, and communities, and are thankful for the continued support from you, our shareholders.
 Sincerely,
Tim Smucker  June 19, 2013
Richard Smucker
  4 The J.M. Smucker Company
2013 Annual Report 5
 