 Shareholders, Employees, and Friends:
Although life at the beginning of the new millennium is dramatically different
from what it was 103 years ago when our Company was founded, people continue to value good taste, high quality, a sense of comfort, and increasingly, convenience.
That’s why we believe that the surest way to grow our business is by offering products that taste good, make life easier, and add a little smile to your day. Today, our marketplace includes cities, towns, and countrysides in more than 70 nations around the globe. And pleasing consumers is our number-one priority.
A Look at the Year
In fiscal 2000, we made significant investments in new products and ventures, new plants and equipment, and new technologies—all in support of our consumer-based strategy. Sales for the year were up 5 percent over the previous year, due primarily to strength in our
International, Foodservice, and Specialty areas. Our share of the fruit spreads market in the United States, Canada, and Australia is at an all-time high, and in Canada and Australia, fruit spread sales and earnings hit record levels.
Following is a brief look at our business areas as we closed fiscal 2000:
o Consumer. This area continues to be the biggest contributor to our overall sales and earnings. Sales in Consumer were up slightly for the year.
o Foodservice. Once again, Foodservice was among our fastest-growing business areas, thanks to increased sales of portion control products and a number of exciting new offerings.
o International. International sales growth was strong and profitability was at record levels, as Canadian margins improved and our Mexican business was profitable for the first time.
o Specialty. Our Specialty area also achieved record sales and earnings. While Specialty is one of our smaller business areas, it was a strong contributor to earnings.
o Beverage. Sales in our Beverage area were essentially flat for the year. Margins, however, improved significantly.
o Industrial. Sales increased modestly in our Industrial area, but margins continue to be chal- lenged by competitive pricing pressures. Diversifying its customer base is Industrial’s key goal.
o Consumer Direct. Through this business area, the Company continues to explore alternative ways to develop closer relationships with consumers. Our Simply Smucker’s retail store in Orrville had a profitable first year, and on-line sales through our website grew.
  2

 We are pleased with our Company’s performance overall in the past year, and earnings remain healthy. However, softer-than-expected sales in our Consumer area, higher-than- normal fruit costs, and higher selling, distribution, and transportation costs prevented us from achieving our earnings goals. For the year, we earned $36 million, or $1.26 per share before nonrecurring charges. This is 3 percent below last year’s earnings of $1.30 per share.
Although sales in the Consumer area did not meet our expectations in fiscal 2000, our share of the fruit spreads, toppings, and natural peanut butter markets in the U.S. remained very strong, and our margins continue to be among the best in the food industry. We also expect a return to more normal raw material costs in the current year.
These factors—and even more important, the benefits we expect to realize from the invest- ments we discuss in this letter—bode well for fiscal 2001 and make us confident about the future.
Investments in New Products and Ventures
Pleasing consumers depends on offering the right mix of traditional favorites and exciting new products, increasing our marketing reach and distribution venues, and filling today’s ever-growing demand for convenience. Equally important is satisfying consumers’ desires for foods that enhance the pleasure of eating and that impart happiness and comfort. Achieving these objectives is the rationale behind all of our activities, as demonstrated by our product launches and other new ventures.
In fiscal 2000, we made a substantial investment in the continued rollout of Smucker’s Snackers, a prepackaged peanut butter, jelly, and cracker snack kit. The product is now available nationally. With take- along ease, Snackers offer a trouble-free way to enjoy an American favorite, and we will soon expand the line to include new items.
Another traditional favorite is the peanut butter and jelly
sandwich, and here, too, we are setting new standards for
simplicity and convenience. In spring 2000, we began to test
market Smucker’s Uncrustables, a line of crustless, thaw-and-serve
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. The sandwiches are individually wrapped and thaw in about 20 minutes, making them ideal for school lunches or as a snack any time of day.
The consumer launch of Uncrustables follows our Foodservice group’s successful introduction of the product to school lunch programs around the country. Uncrustables are a labor-saving, cost-effective option for schools that enables them to offer children a nutritious, high-quality, “kid-pleasing” menu item. The school market is new for the Company and holds many promising opportunities.
  3

 It was with kids and the “kid in all of us” in mind that our brand partner, Brach’s Confections, Inc., introduced Smucker’s Puckers sour jelly beans. Launched in time for the 2000 spring selling season, Smucker’s Puckers have been enthusiastically received. The product is an enhancement to our ongoing relationship with Brach’s Confections, Inc., which since 1997 has marketed Brach’s
Smucker’s regular jelly beans. Cobranding ventures like these are an excellent way to grow sales and further build the Smucker’s brand identity.
One of our most popular new product lines, PlateScapers, is not designed for consumers directly, but for behind-the-scenes restaurant professionals. Marketed
for the first time in fiscal 2000 by our Foodservice group, PlateScapers are high- quality toppings that provide an easy means of decorating dessert and dinner
offerings to create impressive tabletop presentations.
Satisfying those consumers who are looking for unique taste treats is
the aim of our Specialty area, which markets products to gourmet and specialty foods retailers. This year, we extended the Dickinson’s
brand line with the addition of fruit butters and a range of distinctive relishes.
For the health and natural foods market, we introduced a number of new beverages in
fiscal 2000. We launched several new items in our Simply Nutritious and Rocket Juice product lines and expanded our Natural Brew
and Santa Cruz Organic lines. There is a great deal of interest both domestically and internationally in organic products, and we
see much potential for the years ahead. In fiscal 2001, we will introduce into test market a vitamin-rich, soy-based beverage called Smucker’s Smoothies.
Our investments in new products and ventures extend, of course, throughout
the world. Notable in fiscal 2000 was the acquisition in Australia by our Henry Jones Foods
subsidiary of the Taylor Foods line of prepared sauces and marinades. Recognized for their premium quality, unique flavors, and innovative packaging,
these products satisfy our Australian consumers’ diverse tastes and further expand our “presence on the plate.” Also in Australia, Henry Jones Foods expanded its IXL fruit bars line with the addition of
new sizes and flavors, including some very popular yogurt-coated varieties.
   4

 
One means of expanding our product distribution and making our consumers’ lives easier
is direct-to-consumer selling. Today, consumers can purchase gifts and a broad selection of
our less widely distributed flavors and products through our Smucker’s catalog; by visiting our website, www.smucker.com; or by shopping with us at Simply Smucker’s in Orrville. We continue to explore direct selling opportunities and are actively researching ways to take advantage of electronic commerce, both on our own and in partnership with other companies.
Investments in Facilities and Technologies
Maintaining and growing our competitive position in all of our markets requires continual investment in our facilities and technologies as well as in new products and ventures. In fiscal 2000, we made a number of investments in facilities, two of the most significant
of which support our Industrial business. First, we completed equipment installation and
began production at a facility in Livingston, Scotland, where we produce fruit-based ingredients for Kellogg Company’s United Kingdom market. Second, we purchased a manufacturing facility in São José do Rio Pardo, Brazil, to process fruit-based ingredients in South America for the Brazilian affiliate of our U.S. customer, The Dannon Company, Inc. These acquisitions expand our international presence and position us to explore additional marketing opportunities.
We also invested significantly in productivity, capacity, and efficiency improvements to our U.S. plants. For example, we made a number of line additions and upgrades in our West Fargo, North Dakota, Uncrustables facility to allow it to keep pace with increasing demand. Another initiative was the installation in our New Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, peanut butter processing plant of an additional roaster, which expands our ability to serve the growing natural peanut butter market.
We also are beginning the fourth year of a five-year, company-wide information technology upgrade involving both our hardware and software systems. Implementation is now 75 percent complete and has occurred with minimal disruption. While this project has required a high level of investment, it will more than pay for itself in the long run in the form of better infor- mation and more efficient and productive operations.
 6

Investment in Shareholder Value
Investing in our businesses and helping them grow in a consistent, profitable manner is, we believe, the best way to achieve long-term value for our shareholders. At the same time, the failure of the stock market to recognize the inherent value of our Company in recent years has been a source of concern to all of us. In this past year, we devoted a great deal of time and effort to developing a shareholder value enhancement plan to address that undervaluation. The details of that plan are outlined in the proxy statement for this year’s annual meeting.
We believe that the plan will make our shares and our Company more attractive to potential investors.
Investment in People
We are pleased to say that for the third consecutive year, our Company has earned
a place on Fortune magazine’s list of “The 100 Best Companies to Work For.” More than 40 percent of our employees have been with us 10 years or more, and they have cited a “close-knit, family feeling” as the best part about working for our Company.
Of course, creating a positive, productive work environment and corporate culture is a part- nership effort between all employees. We are therefore ever mindful of the need to invest— both personally and financially—in policies and programs that optimize each person’s talents and potential.
Bottom line, our employees share the vision expressed in our Basic Beliefs—Quality, People, Ethics, Growth, and Independence—and they work together to uphold it. To them and to our consumers, customers, suppliers, and shareholders, we express our sincere thanks.
    Tim Smucker
Richard Smucker
7
