DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
Comments From Our Consumers
“Your fine products have been on our breakfast table for over 50 years and my wife and I say it’s just not breakfast without Smucker’s jams and jellies. Hats off to you and your fine company...you are truly an American original.”
 Fiscal 2002 was a landmark year for The J. M. Smucker Company. In October 2001, we announced an agreement with The Procter & Gamble Company to merge the Jif and Crisco brands into The J. M. Smucker Company. Our shareholders overwhelmingly approved the merger at a special shareholder meeting held last April, and we thank you for your vote of support. The transaction closed this past June 1, and we now have under our banner three American icon brands: Smucker’s, Jif, and Crisco. Each is number one in its category, and each has a long and proven history with strong consumer equities.
The addition of Jif and Crisco will nearly double our sales and more than double our profits in the coming year. In the past, approximately 50 percent of our sales came from fruit spreads across several business areas. The new Smucker Company, on the other hand, will be predominantly a consumer retail, branded business, with a good balance of product cate- gories. Roughly a quarter of our business will be in the peanut butter category; a quarter will be in fruit spreads; and another quarter will be in shortening and oils. We think this provides us with a more balanced, profitable basis for future growth.
This transaction also adds more than 700,000 new share- holders to our existing shareholder base. As a result, many
of you are receiving our annual report for the first time, and we wholeheartedly welcome you into the Smucker family.
Our number of shares outstanding has doubled to more than 49,500,000, increasing the liquidity of our stock. Most impor- tant, in the course of the 2002 fiscal year, the market value of a common share increased more than 30 percent. Increasing shareholder value has always been a priority, and we will continue to manage the Company with the goal of providing our shareholders with a fair return on their investment.
1
   
 Comments From Our Consumers
“I love your Low Sugar and Sugar Free jams and jellies. Smucker’s has been a part
of my family since I was born... Now that I am an adult,
I appreciate the goodness of Smucker’s more than ever! Your Low Sugar products taste like fresh homemade preserves. Other jams and jellies on the market taste like pure sugar, but Smucker’s lets the fruit shine through!”
  2
Our aim has been to complete the transition to “the new Smucker Company” as smoothly and seamlessly as possible, and we are pleased to report that our integration activities are virtually complete. Of course, the process required significant time and attention from all levels of our organization. We nev- ertheless maintained careful oversight of our core business and achieved record results in terms of sales and earnings per share.
Sales for the year reached $687 million, an increase of six percent, while basic earnings per share, excluding merger costs and nonrecurring charges, grew from $1.16 to $1.39, a 20 per- cent increase. We are very appreciative of our employees’ extra efforts, and we are grateful to our customers and consumers for once again making the Smucker’s brand their number-one choice for fruit spreads, natural peanut butter, and ice cream toppings.
We will review the year’s accomplishments by strategic business area, beginning with consumer, which is our largest and most profitable business area.
CONSUMER
Our U.S. consumer business had a record year, with sales
and profits increasing four percent and five percent respectively. We continued to expand our share of the fruit spread market, reaching an all-time high in excess of 40 percent across all retail segments.
The increase in our core business was driven primarily by double-digit growth of our Sugar Free fruit spreads and natural peanut butter products. Several exciting new products also contributed to our growth, including two new squeeze fruit spreads that exceeded our expectations in test markets and that we will offer in expanded distribution in fiscal 2003. Continuing our relationship with Masterfoods USA, a division of Mars, Inc., we also introduced two new cobranded ice cream toppings: Twix Magic Shell and Milky Way spoonable topping.
Among the keys to long-term success are efforts to support our brands in ways that benefit our Company as well as our customers. Through television and print advertising, which this year emphasized our Sugar Free fruit spreads, and through carefully selected sponsorships, we seek to promote our brands and bring smiles to consumers the world over.
   
Comments From Our Consumers
“My 6-year-old is such
a finicky eater. He refuses to buy lunch at school and doesn’t like sandwiches.
The Uncrustables were recommended by a friend. Now, my son will not eat anything else!!! He absolutely loves them. The convenience is wonderful, too. I am a working mom and find these to be wonderful both nutritionally and conveniently. I quickly put them into his lunchbox and I don’t have to make any mess. It’s fast and easy.... Thanks again Smucker’s! You’ve made our life easier and better!”
  Our ongoing support of Willard Scott’s birthday segment on NBC’s “Today” is a prime example. This year we were a major sponsor of Walt Disney World Resorts’ “100 Years of Magic” Celebration, the World Figure Skating Championships, and a series of skating specials airing on NBC. Especially exciting is the recent announcement of our multiyear sponsorship of “Smucker’s Stars on Ice,” a premier ice skating tour that features Olympians and World Champions such as Tara Lipinski,
Todd Eldredge, Alexei Yagudin, Kurt Browning, Jamie Sale and David Pelletier, and Elena Berezhnaya and Anton Silkharulidze.
As mentioned, the Jif peanut butter and Crisco shortening and oils businesses became part of the Smucker Company in June. Jif will be added to our consumer business area. For Crisco, we have created a new strategic business area that will help provide focus on shortening and oils, and although this
is a new category for us, we believe the Crisco brand is a great fit with our Company. Our intent is to successfully implement the strategies we have developed to fortify both brands’ already strong consumer image and gain market share.
In the fourth quarter, we began to expand the retail availability of Smucker’s Uncrustables to an additional 45 percent of
the United States, meaning that the product will be available in more than half of the country. This thaw-and-serve frozen peanut butter and jelly sandwich continues to be a hit with consumers of all ages, and we expect it to remain a star performer. Significant investment spending will be needed behind this unique product for the next couple of years, but we believe it has great potential and offers the Company a good platform for future growth.
FOODSERVICE
This business, which sells to restaurants, caterers, hotels, airlines, hospitals, and schools, saw its most challenging year as a result of a slow economy and the aftermath of the events of September 11. By the end of the year, however, foodservice sales were growing again. We were especially encouraged by the strength of our core Smucker’s portion control line, as it generated modest growth even in a difficult environment.
3
    
 Comments From Our Consumers
“Thank you for bringing
good, wholesome food to America’s tables. Keep it up, eventually the rest of the world will catch up to Smucker’s standards....
I can’t help but think that you honor J. M. Smucker when you continue the tradition of making foods in the best methods
you know how....”
  4
4
 
Comments From Our Consumers
“I was preparing some
ice cream with Magic Shell for my 5-year-old and decided
I had to let you know what a prominent place your product holds in our “spice” cabinet.... We love your product! There is always more than one bottle of Chocolate Fudge
in our cabinet because we cannot risk running low.”
  6
Earlier in this letter, we discussed the consumer business area’s plan to expand distribution of Smucker’s Uncrustables in the retail channel. This product is also the fastest growing line in the foodservice area. In foodservice, Smucker’s Uncrustables are sold primarily to school systems. Distribution to schools continues to increase at a high double-digit rate because the product meets the need on the part of schools to provide a healthful, protein-rich menu alternative that is readily accepted by children. Uncrustables sales in this channel reached
$16 million for the year, and we anticipate continued growth thanks to the addition in the last quarter of the year of a prebrowned grilled cheese sandwich. The foodservice area
also expects to reap dividends from expansions made in fiscal 2002 to our PlateScapers line of dessert decorating products.
BEVERAGE
Three health and natural foods brands — R.W. Knudsen Family, Santa Cruz Organic, and After The Fall — are the mainstays of this area. Interest in healthful eating continues to rise in America. As a result, our beverage business grew steadily this past year. Santa Cruz Organic remains the fastest growing line in our beverage area, as consumers remain very interested in products made from certified organic ingredients. We are the clear leader in all-natural and organic juices and introduced a number of new flavors this past year. At the same time, we discontinued certain items that did not meet our growth objectives. This allowed us to increase efficiencies in our production facilities, which translated into enhanced margins for this business area.
INTERNATIONAL
Our international business also saw record results this year,
in spite of unfavorable exchange rates. In constant dollars, sales in the international business area grew by three percent. Our two biggest operations outside the United States continue to be in Canada and Australia. In Canada, we experienced solid growth and achieved record results by emphasizing our Smucker’s pure and No Sugar Added jams, which we supported
  
Comments From Our Consumers
“I wanted to write to let you know how very much I enjoy your Sugar Free syrup. . . . One of life’s greatest pleasures is for me to enjoy my wife’s buttermilk oat bran pancakes, and nothing tops them better than your Sugar Free syrup. The taste and texture are superb.
So many other brands of sugar free syrup are watery and tasteless but Smucker’s has a thick and rich texture and taste. Thank you for making life a little sweeter.”
  with an expanded national print advertising campaign. The Smucker’s line of retail ice cream toppings and foodservice portion control fruit spreads also were significant contributors. Our Canadian group looks forward to managing the Crisco brand, which has had a strong presence in that market for a number of years.
In Australia, with our IXL and Allowrie fruit spread
brands, we became the largest manufacturer of fruit spreads — a first-time milestone for our Henry Jones Foods subsidiary. Competition in Australia continues to be a challenge, though, with two new fruit spread competitors entering the market in the past several years. In spite of that, IXL has maintained its number-one market share position thanks to growing total sales of nontraditional jam product lines, such as Light, Reduced Sugar, and 100% Fruit.
We also are pleased with the performance of our businesses in Latin America and Mexico, where we experienced a total sales increase of 22 percent. Another focus for the international area is on profitable export business. Currently we distribute our products in more than 45 countries.
INDUSTRIAL INGREDIENTS
For the most part, this business area produces fruit fillings and preparations and markets them to other manufacturers for use in their food products. This past year, we acquired International Flavors and Fragrances Inc.’s formulated fruit and ingredient business. The addition of this business and its quality line of customers added about $15 million in sales
for the Company in fiscal 2002. Also, as we announced in
our third quarter report, we are continuing to review our industrial contracts and “rationalizing” those that do not meet our long-term margin objectives. As we also announced, the discontinuation of this business will reduce sales by $40 to $50 million over the next year or two, but will have only a minor impact on earnings. The new accounts acquired, com- bined with the elimination of lower-margin existing contracts, will provide us with a stronger, more viable ingredients busi- ness overall and a stellar list of branded customers.
7
  
 Comments From Our Consumers
“We recently purchased
Smucker’s Snackers.
What a great idea!... No refrigeration makes it very convenient all of the time. It’s great for a pick-me-up when getting tired in the afternoon.”
 8
THE FUTURE
The future of The J. M. Smucker Company is more promising than ever. We have just finished a year in which our core busi- nesses grew at a steady pace, both top- and bottom-line, and in which we added two more American icon brands, Jif and Crisco. This gives us brand leadership in seven U.S. food cate- gories and significantly supports our vision of “a company composed of American icon brands with the leadership position in their respective categories.” As we look to the years ahead, we expect to prosper by three strategies: (1) growing market share of our existing brands, (2) introducing new products, and (3) making strategic acquisitions. We have an extremely strong balance sheet that provides us with the ability to con- tinue to invest in our current brands and at the same time to support future growth through acquisitions of other leading brands. Most important, ours is a Company of very talented people who work well individually and in teams. All of us
are dedicated to doing what is right as we strive to grow the business at a sustained rate.
Although The J. M. Smucker Company has made significant changes this past year, the Company will continue to be grounded on its founding values, what we refer to as our
Basic Beliefs: People, Quality, Ethics, Growth, and Independence. We are grateful to you, our shareholders, for your continued support; to our employees for their dedicated and talented service; to our customers for their faith in us; and to our consumers for making our products marketplace leaders.
Sincerely,
Tim Smucker Richard Smucker
    