This past fiscal year has been one of the most remark- able and unprecedented in our Company’s history.
We delivered excellent results across the business while successfully completing the largest merger in our history. In November 2008, we added Folgers—the #1 U.S. Retail coffee brand—to our portfolio. The strategic rationale for this transaction is compelling:
W Expands our portfolio of strong, #1 food brands in North America.
W Adds a nearly $2 billion brand that delivers strong profitability and increased cash flow.
W Continues to enhance our size and scale.
W Expands our product offerings to consumers
throughout the day and evening.
W Enhances our organization with talented new employees and provides all employees with growth opportunities as part of a Company strongly rooted in our Basic Beliefs of Quality, People, Ethics, Growth, and Independence.
Fiscal Year 2009
Our fiscal year results are particularly gratifying given challenges in the broader economy and record commod- ity costs that pressured margins during the first
half of the year. Our results reflect the continued imple- mentation of our Strategy and the considerable talent and dedication of our employees:
W Sales were $3.8 billion, up 49 percent over last year. W Net income per share was $3.12, up from $3.00 last
year, a four percent increase.
W Cash flow from operations exceeded $440 million. Total cash and investments as of April 30, 2009, were $470 million.
W In addition to our regular dividend payments, a special one-time dividend of $5.00 per share was issued to Smucker shareholders of record as of September 30, 2008. This one-time dividend was part of the overall Folgers transaction and an example of how we continue to provide long- term value to our shareholders.
Long-Term Performance
We are confident that our exceptional employees and strong portfolio of leading, icon brands will continue to deliver long-term growth. As we look forward, we expect to grow sales by six percent and earnings per share by eight percent or more over the long term.
Several favorable factors will fuel continued momentum:
W We remain committed to a clear and proven strategy of owning and marketing leading food brands in North America.
W Market share continues to grow across almost
every category in which we compete and more than 75 percent of our sales come from #1 food brands.
W Consumers are eating more meals at home.
W Families continue to look for value and our brands offer a variety of choices. Value refers not only to the price consumers pay, but the quality, convenience, and overall product experience they receive for the price. Quality has been one of our Basic Beliefs throughout our history and product safety is at the forefront of everything we do. We deeply value the trust that our consumers place in The J.M. Smucker Company and we work every day to preserve that trust.
W The addition of Folgers has enabled the Company to leverage its distribution, sales, operations, and administrative functions and we are on track to achieve $80 million in stated synergies within the first 18 months of owning the Coffee business. Leveraging our increased scale will enable us to grow bottom-line profitability at a faster pace than our top-line growth.
W We have an outstanding team, and they have delivered record core business results this year, while integrating the largest merger in our history. The commitment
of our employees to the values and principles upon which the Company was founded will continue to guide how we do business in both prosperous and uncertain economic times.
Dear Shareholders and Friends:
2

  At Smucker, Our Purpose is to bring families together to share memorable meals and moments. We have always defined success by more than financial performance. We believe how we do things is just as important as what we do.
  Our Purpose and Our Brands
We offer consumers diverse brands and products that are part of everyday meals, casual get-togethers, and special occasions. And, more than just providing a meal or snack, The J.M. Smucker Company has a meaningful impact on society with a portfolio of brands that brings families together to share memorable meals and moments. These moments are repeated millions of times each day across North America and research suggests that time spent together builds stronger, healthier families.
The world has changed dramatically since our Company was founded over 110 years ago. Life is more hurried, yet consumers continue to find comfort in simple pleasures enjoyed with family and friends. We take great pride in the small, but important role that our brands play in the lives of our consumers by offering trusted products during all parts of the day:
W Each morning families awake to the fresh aroma of Folgers or Dunkin’ Donuts coffee and pour a glass of refreshing R.W. Knudsen Family juice. They start the day together with warm biscuits made from Martha White flour and covered with Smucker’s preserves or Jif peanut butter.
W For a meal or a snack, children and adults alike enjoy the homemade taste of peanut butter and jelly with a convenient Smucker’s Uncrustables sandwich.
W And, in the evening, friends and family sit down to talk about their day while enjoying a cup of Folgers coffee with a piece of Pillsbury cake or a brownie.
Bringing families together is best accomplished by employees who feel like family themselves. At Smucker, we maintain a unique family feeling by genuinely living our Basic Beliefs of Quality, People, Ethics, Growth, and Independence.
Our Purpose is what brings Smucker employees to work every day. Our Strategy is what guides our organization in a common direction and is the framework for serving our consumers, customers, employees, suppliers, com- munities, and shareholders.
We look forward to the continued successful integration of the Coffee business, leveraging our increased scale, and providing consumers with trusted, simple pleasures that are “good and good for you,” “easy for you,” and that “make you smile.”
We believe the best is yet to come for the Company and all our valued constituents.
Sincerely,
Richard Smucker
  3
Tim Smucker
