                    DEAR SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS,
It has been an extraordinary year of growth, innovation, and transformation for The J.M. Smucker Company as we strengthened our portfolio of brands, connected with customers and consumers in new ways, and invested in new capabilities – all while integrating the largest acquisition in our Company’s history.
      With the addition of Big Heart Pet Brands (“Big Heart”),
we now have three platforms for growth fueled by a strong portfolio of leading and iconic brands to deliver products that engage, delight, and inspire today’s consumers as we fulfill Our Purpose of helping to bring families together to share memorable meals and moments.
As we continue to evolve and transform our Company for the future, we were pleased to announce in fiscal 2016 the election of Mark Smucker as President and Chief Executive Officer. Mark represents the fifth generation of the Company’s founding family and is the sixth Chief Executive Officer in our Company’s 119-year history. Mark’s appointment reflects our Board of Directors’ thoughtful approach to succession planning and underscores our focus on the long term. Mark has consistently demonstrated a passion for our culture, visionary leadership, and commitment to growth that will help our Company continue to flourish in the years to come.
Richard Smucker transitioned to the role of Executive Chairman, serving as Chairman of the Board of Directors and providing counsel on major strategic decisions to the Executive Leadership Team. Richard will continue to be
a cultural steward, enhancing our Company reputation and visibility with key customers and the community, in addition to advancing our government affairs and industry leadership efforts.
This leadership transition comes at an exciting time for Smucker as we continue to deliver record results and with our brands leading in key market categories. Our fiscal 2016 performance reflects the contributions of several key growth initiatives, including launching on-trend products and delivering against our synergy and working capital targets. Highlights for fiscal 2016 include:
• A 37 percent increase in net sales to $7.8 billion, reflecting a full-year contribution from Big Heart;
• An operating income increase of 48 percent to $1.1 billion, with the contribution of U.S. Retail Pet Foods and U.S. Retail Coffee segment profit as key growth drivers;
• Cash provided by operating activities of $1.5 billion; and
• More than $750 million in cash returned to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends.
One year after the acquisition of Big Heart, we have executed a seamless integration of the pet food and pet snacks business and evolved our organizational structure to sustain long-term growth. We remain committed to achieving $200 million in annual synergies by the end of fiscal 2018, with $37 million in realized savings in fiscal 2016.
LEADING AND ON-TREND BRANDS
We operate with a consumer-first mentality by bringing new products to market that address consumers’ ever-changing preferences. Our evolved Vision emphasizes #1 and leading brands while acknowledging the importance of emerging, on-trend brands to our portfolio. This approach contributed positive results in fiscal 2016, with net sales from products launched in the past three years representing 10 percent of total net sales. In order to maintain this pace, we are focused on launching the right products with a go-to-market strategy that allows us to engage with consumers wherever they shop.
pet snacks through the launch of products such as Meow Mix® Irresistibles® cat treats, which have rapidly gained market share.
ENGAGING WITH CONSUMERS
We believe the ability to develop and nurture emotional bonds between our brands and consumers is one of our core competencies, with digital marketing as a key component
of these efforts. Social media continues to provide an ideal platform through which to engage and communicate with consumers, who often view food as an experience to be shared. Today, we manage more than 100 digital and social media properties supporting our holistic view of consumer engagement and providing valuable insights that can directly influence future innovations.
Our sponsorship of the 2016 U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Teams provides a unique opportunity to reach multiple generations of consumers as we prepare to share the excitement of the 2016 Rio Olympic Games with our consumers and customers through exclusive retailer activation, packaging, advertising, digital, and public relations activities for four leading brands – Smucker’s, Folgers, Jif, and Smucker’s Uncrustables®.
PRIORITIZING FOR THE FUTURE
Looking ahead to fiscal 2017, we are confident in continuing our history of long-term growth and remain committed to increasing shareholder value as we fulfill Our Purpose. With a strong foundation, clear strategy, and the right team in place to execute our strategy, we look to accelerate our growth and build on our momentum by focusing on four key priorities:
• Nurturing our culture: Guided by our Basic Beliefs of Quality, People, Ethics, Growth, and Independence, our employees are committed to preserving our unique culture, which fosters an environment in which every employee understands our Strategy and collaborates to achieve more for our Company.
• Delivering the business: The strong performance of our core business is the engine that drives our success, and our overall growth will continue to come from an optimal blend of core performance, innovation, and new ventures.
• Building new capabilities and enhancing existing capabilities: We have a long tradition of industry leadership built upon meaningful partnerships and best-in-class capabilities. Having the right systems, processes, and organizations in place allows us to better serve our constituents.
• Prioritizing our resources for our big ideas: We will ensure we have appropriate resources to support building both our Smucker’s and Jif brands to $1 billion, growing our total pet snacks portfolio to $1 billion, and driving growth in coffee.
With these priorities in place, we are well-positioned to leverage our portfolio of leading and emerging brands while investing in new capabilities and innovations to fuel meaningful top-line growth.
We extend our deep appreciation to our shareholders for your continued support of our Company and to our nearly 7,000 talented employees, whose diligence and teamwork have helped deliver another successful year. We continue to be humbled by their efforts, as well as by their commitment to our Company and each other, as we work together to ensure the “best is yet to come”.
•
•
•
In our coffee business, we fortified Folgers® leadership in roast and ground coffee and earned positive consumer and retailer response with the introduction of Dunkin’ Donuts® K-Cup® pods. In addition, the smaller but fast-growing Café Bustelo® brand posted double-digit sales increases for the second consecutive year as we focused on broadening the brand’s appeal to millennial consumers.
Within consumer foods, we launched new products
that address consumers’ desire for authenticity, simple ingredients, and convenience with Smucker’s® Fruit & HoneyTM fruit spreads, JifTM Peanut Powder, and snack bar offerings from Jif® and Sahale Snacks® as a few examples of new, on- trend products.
In pet foods, expanding distribution of the Natural Balance® brand in the pet specialty channel helped drive growth in our premium segment. We also broadened our portfolio in
Sincerely,
Tim Smucker
Richard Smucker June 21, 2016
Mark Smucker
   2
THE J.M. SMUCKER COMPANY | 2016 ANNUAL REPORT 3
               