    TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
 Our financial results in 2008 were disappointing. We closed the year with an overall sales decline of $15 million and an operating loss (excluding non-operational items such as gain on the sale of our Long Island City building and the write off of goodwill and other intangibles) of $2 million. However, these negative numbers were primarily the result of two one- time events, and both are now behind us.
The first had to do with sales. Sales were ahead of 2007 for much of
the year, but beginning in September, as fears of recession began to grip the country, volume started to fall. Sales were down 11% in the fourth quarter alone.
However, in analyzing our customers’ sales to end users, we saw that their sales remained ahead through the entire period. For reasons we will highlight below, the automotive aftermarket is healthy and should con- tinue to remain healthy, despite the economy. What we were experiencing in the fourth quarter, it turns out, was inventory reduction on the part of our customers, rather than a permanent loss of sales. Significantly, we have seen a return to historic buying patterns since the beginning of 2009.
The second event was the significant costs incurred in closing down two of our largest manufacturing facilities, Long Island City and Puerto Rico, and relocating production to a start-up factory in Reynosa, Mexico. The moves are now complete. We are achieving our targeted goals in Reynosa, and what was a significant drain in 2008 will be a major source of profit in 2009.
Reynosa is turning out to be a key location for us. In addition to the new Engine Management plant, we have two other facilities there – one for wire and cable assembly and the other for rebuilding air-conditioning compressors. Together, these three facilities employ upwards of 600 people, and all are doing well and growing. By the end of 2009, we expect more than 50% of our manufacturing hours to be in low cost countries.
A major goal of the Company in 2008 was to increase cash flow and reduce debt. We are pleased with our results. During the year, our debt came down by $61 million, from $255 million to $194 million, a reduc- tion of almost 25%. This was accomplished through the following:
• We sold our Long Island City building, leasing back a small portion for office space.
       
    • We reduced inventory by $20 million.
• We reduced accounts receivable, by participating with some of our
largest accounts in their factoring programs.
• We closed a small distribution center in Reno, Nevada, absorbing the inventory into our main distribution center in Virginia.
• We made a substantial reduction in headcount. Over the past 12 months, headcount has come down by nearly 800 people, a reduc- tion of close to 20%. Some of this came about through an early retirement program.
We remain focused on cash flow and debt reduction. In 2009, we have temporarily eliminated our quarterly dividend, sold our 50% share in Blue Streak Electronics, and continue to bring down inven- tory and accounts receivable. In the first three months of 2009, we further reduced debt by approximately $10 million. As a result of all these and other moves, we are confident that we will be in a position to redeem the remaining $45 million in convertible bonds when they come due in July.
Looking ahead, we are optimistic going into 2009. First, the two areas that affected us negatively in 2008 – the fourth quarter drop in sales and the start-up costs in Reynosa – are behind us.
Second, our industry, the aftermarket, is healthy.
• People are not buying new cars. They are keeping their old ones longer and they have to repair them. The average age of the U.S. car population is now 9.4 years, an all time high.
• Car dealerships are closing down. An estimated 2,000 will shut their doors in 2009, and the total population of car dealers is expected to fall by 20% over the next few years. This will drive more repair work to the independent market and to our customers.
• Car leasing is down because of difficulties in obtaining financing. Leased cars tend to be repaired at car dealers if they are repaired at all.
• Gas prices are down, from their peak last summer, and miles driven is increasing once again.
      
   TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
 CEO AND
CFO CERTIFICATIONS
In 2008 Standard Motor Products’ chief executive officer (CEO) provided to the New York Stock Exchange the annual CEO certification regarding SMP’s compliance with the
New York Stock Exchange’s corporate governance listing standards.
In addition, SMP’s CEO and chief financial officer filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission all required certifications regarding the quality of SMP’s public disclosures in its fiscal 2008 reports.
   All these trends portend a healthy aftermarket industry, despite the difficult economic environment.
Third, in terms of our own sales, we anticipate that sales to OE will be down but this represents less than 5% of our total volume. We also lost, as previously announced, certain product lines with a key account. However, we expect that this will be more than matched by anticipated new aftermarket volume. In addition, as mentioned above, we sold our 50% share to our joint venture partner in Blue Streak Electronics, a rebuilder of engine computers. This divestiture will result in a loss of sales volume, but will have minimal effect on profits.
Most important, as a result of the steps we took in 2008—and are continuing to take—to reduce our cost structure, improve cash flow, and reduce debt, we feel we are well positioned for the future.
We thank you for your support.
Lawrence I. Sills John P. Gethin James J. Burke
      Lawrence I. Sills
Chairman of the Board and CEO
John P. Gethin
President and Chief Operating Officer
James J. Burke
Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer
                                               