                                  To Our Snap-on Shareholders,
We took important steps in 2005 to renew Snap-on’s growth and profitability. Even though we’ve just begun, we’re encouraged by how far we’ve come and the plans we have to capitalize on our opportunities in
the future.
We had two priorities for 2005 – take better care of our customers, and reduce complexity and cost.
We made good progress on both, and it shows in our results for the year.
Our first-time fill rates improved, our operating margin increased 120 basis points to 7.1%, operating cash flow improved 51% to $221 million and diluted earnings per share rose 14% to $1.59. With better results came better returns for our
shareholders – a 12% total return in 2005 along with an 8% increase in our quarterly dividend rate to $0.27 per share, which we announced in February 2006.
Most of our progress over the last year came in two of our operating segments. The Commercial
& Industrial Group significantly improved its cost management by moving to lower-cost sourcing and manufacturing sites, reducing overhead expenses and implementing rapid continuous improvement practices. Unquestionably there’s a need for much more progress, but these actions lifted operating earnings by $46 million and the operating margin of the segment to 6.2%.
15
  2005 ANNUAL REPORT

                                         16
The Commercial and Industrial Group also invested for the future, pursuing advanced technology for the next generation of tire and wheel service equipment and expanding our presence in fast growing emerging markets such as China, India and Eastern Europe.
The Diagnostics & Information Group’s operating margin improved to 10.8% in 2005. On the growth side, accelerated engineering development in support of high-value added diagnostics and information management led to a new innovative Mitchell1 customer retention marketing package
SAFETY FIRST
At Snap-on Incorporated, no responsibility is more important than the safety of our associates. Our ultimate goal is the total elimination of workplace injuries, and to lead the way, we formed the Corporate Safety Review Board. Snap-on Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jack Michaels (second from left) is shown here discussing our results with several other Safety Board members: (left to right) Mike Gentile, President of Snap-on Hand Tools; Joseph Abbud, Vice President-Rapid Continuous Improvement; and Sarah Bridleman, Project Action Lead.
and a promising new upgrade to the MODISTM handheld diagnostic tool, to be introduced in early 2006. Additional investments were made to support a better business-to-business initiative that includes essential diagnostics, essential tools and facilitation services for vehicle manufacturers and their dealership networks.
Looking ahead, we have strong ambitions for improving Snap-on’s performance. With emphasis on rapid continuous improvement and on reducing our operating expense, Snap-on expects to improve its operating margin to 10% over the next three years – continuing to
 SNAP-ON INCORPORATED

                                  make progress toward a targeted long-term goal of a mid-teens operating margin.
This year will be pivotal. Where we already have momentum, we need to build on it. Where the challenge is greater, we have to pull harder.
We’ve initiated an aggressive program to strengthen the Snap-on Dealer Group by continuing to transform its supply chain, stepping-up support for our franchisees and stimulating organic sales growth. The transition will come at the cost of temporarily lower operating margins for the Snap-on Dealer Group year over year in 2006.
By any measure, the road ahead will continue
to be challenging, but we also have tremendous advantages. Our markets are growing. Our brands are legendary. We’re strengthening customer service and reducing costs. But we have something more. We have great people.
Throughout Snap-on there is pride in the progress we’ve made. I see the determination it sparks to go the distance. I see our people say not just “what if” but “we can.” And I have no doubt they will.
I want to thank the Board of Directors for their commitment and their contributions. I’d also like to welcome Karen Daniel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Black & Veatch Corporation, to the Snap-on Board. Her experience and insights will be a valuable addition.
JACK D. MICHAELS
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
17
   2005 ANNUAL REPORT
