  During 2010, we made significant progress in the four strategic areas that we’ve identified as decisive to our future: enhancing our franchise network, expanding in the vehicle repair garage, extending to critical industries and building in emerging markets — all so that we can reach more professionals.
 tO Our Snap-On SharehOlderS
 4
We believe continued solid execution in these four strategic areas will place Snap-on in a strong position as we move forward, creating long-term value for our shareholders.
Our performance in 2010 was evidence of solid progress on our strategic priorities, of continuing benefits from our Snap-on Value Creation Processes and of stabilization in the overall business environment. We were encouraged
by the continuing higher sales and earnings as the year progressed, demonstrating a trend of increasing strategic strength. Our customers began to show restored confidence as their purchases of longer payback items such as diagnostics, undercar equipment and tool storage recovered from the economic downturn. We were also fortified by the ongoing benefits from our commitment to Snap-on Value Creation, driving product innovation, customer connection, quality assurance, safety and rapid continuous improvement (RCI).
For the year, net sales of $2.62 billion were up 10.9% compared to 2009. Operating income margin of 12.4% improved 200 basis points from 10.4% and diluted earnings per share of $3.19 improved 37.5% from $2.32 in 2009. These results reflect not only the positive effects of higher sales volumes from the improved economic environment and further penetration in key markets, but
also the benefits of RCI and other initiatives implemented in 2010
and previously. Through ongoing advances with RCI and our other Snap-on Value Creation Processes, we believe that we have meaningful opportunity for further overall improvement and higher efficiency, which will enable us to shift resources to key initiatives and investments aimed at future growth.
  
Snap-on recently launched the Automated Tool Control (ATC) storage system, targeting professionals in aviation and aerospace. This product demonstrates Snap-on’s ability, through collaboration, to leverage capabilities in one business and develop them in others. Deploying imaging technology found in our wheel alignment products, this state-of-the-art storage system tracks tools in use. Coupled with a keyless entry system to identify users, the ATC helps mitigate risks of Foreign Object Damage, which can
cost the aviation and aerospace industries millions of dollars each year.
For over 90 years, Snap-on has been committed to innovation and making work easier for serious professionals performing critical tasks. Snap-on gains user insight by observing professionals working at Innovation Works, our largest R&D and training facility. Snap-on Chairman and CEO Nick Pinchuk and an aerospace technician exchange thoughts about a new combination wire stripper, crimper and cutter, a compact tool ideally suited for work in confined areas. Pat McDevitt, Industrial - Aviation, and Anne Witte, Milwaukee Plant - RCI, discuss the benefits of the ATC storage system.
5
    
For our Financial Services segment, 2010 marked the first full year since Snap-on Credit’s 2009 transition from a joint venture to a wholly- owned subsidiary, when new financing receivables began to be included on our balance sheet. At the time of the transition, the credit operation had minimal on-book, interest-earning assets to offset its operating expenses. By mid-2010, Snap-on Credit was generating positive operating earnings and
we believe the transition has gone
In 2010, we celebrated a significant milestone — the 90th anniversary of Snap-on’s founding. The company began with the development of the original Snap-on interchangeable socket set in 1920. Later, Snap-on pioneered mobile tool distribution, where fully stocked vans sold to professional vehicle repair technicians at their places of business. For many decades, we were viewed, and we viewed ourselves, primarily as a tool company selling through vans to vehicle technicians — something we
proposition. For example, our global manufacturing footprint provides proximity to our customers in multiple markets around the world. This is especially important since our development of innovative productivity solutions for these professionals requires intimate knowledge of their particular needs. Our commitment to Snap-on Value Creation enables us to manage these multiple local positions to our unique advantage with efficiency and effectiveness.
“the legendary Snap-On Brand cOntInueS
seamlessly and as planned. For the full year, the Financial Services segment generated operating earnings of $14.4 million on revenues of $62.3 million. In the future, we expect the segment can be an even larger contributor to our earnings.
At the same time, Financial Services serves a significant strategic role in providing financing options
for our technician customers, our franchisees and customers who are shop owners and managers.
have always done very well, and continue to do very well today. In recent years, we’ve defined our value proposition more broadly, reaching beyond the garage. Snap-on today supports serious professionals
in critical industries — inside and outside vehicle repair — by delivering a broad array of solutions to make work easier.
We have the unique capabilities in place to deliver on this broader value
The legendary Snap-on® brand continues to be strong, delivering premium quality and performance to professional users across the globe. Both inside and outside the vehicle repair garage, the brand creates confidence with users in critical applications where second best is not an option. Whether measured by endorsement from vehicle technicians, the confidence of global aerospace companies, or purchases by leading-edge
  6
Snap-on continues to expand its capabilities in emerging markets. In 2010, Snap-on’s new plant in Minsk, Belarus, was officially inaugurated. The 115,000 square foot facility manufactures bimetal band saws, hole saws and power hack saws for professionals around the world. Processes in the Minsk facility include the internally developed high speed steel line shown here.
  
 companies in end markets like energy and natural resources, the Snap-on brand is stronger than ever.
The Bahco® brand also continues to grow in importance, built on strong foundations in Western Europe.
It provides a powerful vehicle for expansion throughout the world, especially in the emerging markets of Eastern Europe and Asia. With an over 120 year legacy of excellence, Bahco products deliver unique ergonomics and other strong user
tO Be StrOng.“
benefits across a wide range of professional applications.
We believe our clearly defined and coherent strategy will give us the means to capitalize on specific runways for growth — runways that are clearing as the global economy recovers — including vehicle repair, critical industries and emerging markets. To this end, we are organized to reach our primary customer groups and are executing on our strategic priorities.
We see opportunities to enhance our franchise network to reach more vehicle repair technicians. Through RCI, we have an opportunity to increase franchisee productivity so they can engage more customers. We also believe there is potential for further expansion through a growing offering of innovative products in multiple categories.
We also seek to expand in the garage, further penetrating another distinct and important customer group within vehicle repair: owners and managers of independent and OEM dealership service and repair shops. With a broad offering of technology-leading diagnostics, undercar equipment
and repair information and systems solutions, we believe we can achieve an increased share with these important customers similar to what we currently enjoy with technicians.
Reaching beyond our roots in automotive repair, another significant growth opportunity lies in extending to critical industries. Targeting industries such as aviation and aerospace, agriculture, construction, military and government, mining, natural resources, and power
Snap-On rated OVerall BeSt Brand In key categOrIeS
In a 2010 study by Frost & Sullivan, automotive technicians continue to regard Snap-on as the best brand by an overwhelming margin in primary tool categories.
Next Leading
Next Leading Brand
Next Leading Brand
TOOL STORAGE 63% 8%
DIAGNOSTICS 46% 9%
PNEUMATIC/ 45% AIR TOOLS
HAND TOOLS 70% Brand 8%
Next Leading 20% Brand
Next Leading Brand
POWER TOOLS 42% 8%
Frost & Sullivan – United States (U.S.) Automotive Technicians’ Choice: Evaluation of Automotive Tools
Another example of building presence in emerging markets
is Snap-on’s Asian resellers conference, held annually with resellers from across the region. The conference, held most recently in Hangzhou, China, recognizes performance, introduces new products and provides training. Snap-on’s Asia-Pacific distribution network now includes 550 resellers from 12 nationalities speaking
10 languages.
7

generation, where mission-critical repairs and activities require repeatability and reliability, is a natural extension of Snap-on’s value proposition, and one where we continue to make progress.
We are also acting to capitalize on the building opportunities in emerging
year progressed. Through 2010, sales for the Group returned to pre-recession levels — evidence that our franchisee stimulus programs implemented in the face of the economic downturn were effective. In the year, we continued to invest significantly in training and product support to keep our franchise
increased 8.8% in 2010 and yielded an improved operating earnings margin of 19.4%. We achieved higher sales of equipment, diagnostics
and repair information solutions to owners and managers of independent repair shops, and increased activity with automotive OEM dealerships. Sales were driven by innovation,
“OVerall, 2010 waS an encOuragIng year.“
markets, where there is a developing demand for our solutions, in what is still the early stages of vehicle repair and other critical industries.
The Snap-on Tools Group represents our worldwide franchised van business, whose primary customers are vehicle repair technicians.
In 2010, net sales increased 10.6% and the operating earnings margin was 11%. Volumes in this segment were among the first to recover as sales of longer payback items such as diagnostics and tool storage, which were heavily impacted by the recession, improved as the
network robust. In 2010, the annual Snap-on Franchisee Conference featured more products, more training and a business and profit center aimed specifically at helping franchisees improve their business efficiency. Franchisees attended
in significantly higher numbers, displaying considerable energy and enthusiasm regarding prospects for their future. We thank our dedicated franchisees and their families for their ongoing commitment and passion for Snap-on.
Net sales for the Repair Systems & Information Group (RS&I)
including the development and launch of new diagnostics and information products, as well as the continued expansion of functionality and content within existing RS&I solutions. For example, in 2010,
we launched a new diagnostics
unit, the VERDICTTM, which raised industry handheld standards with features including Wi-Fi Internet capability, integration with Snap-on’s proprietary repair information databases and a wireless touch screen display that allows remote use by the technician throughout the garage. Expanding our product range with new products and services will
  8
In 2010, IndustryWeek magazine selected the Snap-on Murphy, North Carolina, power tools manufacturing facility as one of the top 10 plants in North America. The award recognizes facilities that are on the leading edge in competitiveness, in customer satisfaction and in creating stimulating and rewarding work environments. This speaks to the powerful combination of the Snap-on Value Creation Processes and of the dedicated associates who are committed to delivering the most valued productivity solutions in the world . . . every day.
  
continue to be a key driver for success in this arena.
Our Commercial & Industrial Group (C&I) increased sales by 16.8%
year over year, reflecting higher volumes to customers in critical industries and emerging markets. Higher sales and favorable manufacturing utilization contributed to an improved operating earnings margin, which reached 11.2% for the year. We continued to apply innovation through customer connection in delivering productivity-enhancing solutions that address the unique needs of professionals in a variety of critical industries. For example, the ATC storage system, highlighted earlier, was introduced during the past year
to an enthusiastic reception from key professionals in the aviation and aerospace industries.
In Asia, where we have been focused on building our physical presence over the past several years, 2010 marked significant progress in developing products tailored to the local market, including band saws, undercar equipment, power tools and our first
handheld diagnostics unit for the Chinese market. These advancements helped drive significant inroads for
us in this increasingly important region.
Since becoming a public company in 1939, Snap-on has paid consecutive quarterly cash dividends, without interruption or reduction — a claim few public companies can make.
In November, the Board of Directors approved a 6.7% increase in
our dividend, underscoring our commitment to create long-term value for our shareholders. In 2010, dividends paid per share were $1.22, representing a return of $71.3 million to our shareholders.
Overall, 2010 was an encouraging year. Considerable progress was made as we continued investing
in our strategic growth initiatives aimed at strengthening our business capabilities, extending our geographic and customer diversification and expanding our presence in emerging markets. We believe that the strength of our brands, the resilience of our business models and the power of the Snap-on Value Creation Processes will
enable us to continue that progress as we move forward.
In 2010, we welcomed Gregg M. Sherrill, chairman and chief executive officer of Tenneco, Inc., to the Board of Directors. Gregg brings with him a wealth of experience and capabilities from multiple industries and broad international theatres. This year we bid farewell to Richard F. Teerlink, who is retiring from the Board after serving since 1997. Over the years, Rich’s advice, wisdom and counsel have been invaluable in making Snap-on what it is today. We thank him for his many years of dedicated service. We also wish to thank the other members of our Board, our associates and franchisees for their contributions, service and dedication, and our customers and shareholders for their ongoing support.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   whO we are
 BELIEFS
We deeply believe in:
Non-negotiable Product and Workplace Safety
Uncompromising Quality Passionate Customer Care Fearless Innovation
Rapid Continuous Improvement
VALUES
Our behaviors define our success:
We demonstrate Integrity. We tell the Truth.
We respect the Individual. We promote Teamwork. We Listen.
VISION
To be acknowledged as the:
Brands of Choice
Employer of Choice Franchisor of Choice Business Partner of Choice Investment of Choice
OUR MISSION
The most valued productivity solutions in the world
     9
 