                 Fearless Innovation is a core belief at Snap-on and crucial to delivering on our mission of creating the most valued productivity solutions in the world.
Snap-on Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Jack Michaels (second from left) discusses such innovations as the Snap-on® TechAngleTM Torque Wrench (being demonstrated in the Snap-on conference center) with (left to right) Mark Schaefer, Director-Customer Insight; Dan Eggert, Manager-Product Engineering; and Ernest Barrera, Product Marketing Specialist.
To Our Snap-on Shareholders
We accomplished a great deal in 2006 and we have many opportunities ahead.
We believe people transform good organizations into great organizations. We also believe people who are aligned around a shared set of beliefs and values have the greatest opportunity to succeed. To that end, our associates globally came together and created
the “Who We Are” document you see on the facing page. Initially, that’s all it was—a document. Today, it’s becoming part of our culture and aligning the organ- ization around the fundamentals that are driving business improvements.
In 2006, visible progress was made
in important initiatives. We are serving our customers better and are steadily moving toward our long-term goal
of 99% complete and on-time (COT) order fill rates. We are also reducing complexity and costs across the organ- ization. Manufacturing effectiveness has improved and new innovations are driving market expansion and growth. While there is still much work and oppor- tunity ahead, we are encouraged by the progress reflected in our performance.
snap-on incorporated 2006 annual report
1

                 Full-year 2006 net earnings were $100.1 million, or $1.69 per diluted share, including a $23.4 million after-tax charge ($0.40 per share) to settle franchise litigation matters. We chose to enter into this agree- ment because we believe it enables us to better focus time and resources on our strategies for building sustainable profitable growth. Full-year 2005 net earn- ings were $92.9 million, or $1.59 per diluted share. Net sales in 2006 of nearly $2.5 billion increased 7.1% over prior-year levels. Productivity also improved
in 2006 as sales per employee increased 6% for the year.
With better results came improved returns for our shareholders. Total shareholder return was 29.7% in 2006, including an 8% increase in our quarterly dividend rate to $0.27 per share.
Despite the many improvements made in 2006, we are far from satisfied. One belief that perhaps transcends all others is a mindset that every day brings a new opportunity for improvement. We are building a capability around Rapid Continuous Improvement (RCI), a structured set of tools and processes that allows us to eliminate waste while making improvements in quality, delivery and cost—every day. RCI is enabling us to build sustain- able, embedded processes that drive real results. Our operations made great strides in reducing costs.
In addition, locations across Snap-on implemented a 29-point safety process that improved our safety record by 63% and will continue to drive progress in the future.
Over the past couple of years, we have set the stage for 2010 and beyond. We set “future state” goals
to achieve long-term, aggressive profitable growth. In 2006, we took initial positive steps toward achieving these goals. Progress was seen in all
of our businesses.
In the Snap-on Tools Group, the two main focus areas are enhancing the franchise proposition and improving the supply chain. We completed the transformation of our field support system to a team- based organization headed by a business manager and supported by a sales developer, franchisee developer and a field support specialist. Improving our franchisees’ business skills was an identified need. We conducted annual reviews with our fran- chisees in 2006 to help them with their planning.
With better results came improved returns for our shareholders.
To ensure the long-term success of our franchise model, we conducted pilots with 16 franchisees in 2006 to explore improvements in training, credit support, layout and display of product, among other areas. The results to date have exceeded our expecta- tions, with these franchisees experiencing improve- ments in sales and collections. We are studying these pilots carefully to understand the practices and behaviors that are contributing to the improvements so we can roll them out to the entire franchise system.
We are also launching a mid-tier product offering. Repositioning our long-established Blue-Point brand, this offering allows the franchisee to reach important market segments not previously served by Snap-on. A customer may be a recent tech school graduate, unable to buy premium Snap-on products, or an existing technician who needs a second set
of tools for home or for non-everyday use. We piloted the new Blue-Point products in Australia and other international locations and captured additional customers with this mid-tier line. The launch is now taking place in North America.
2
snap-on incorporated 2006 annual report

                In 2006, we analyzed, improved and relaunched our in-house warehouse distribution program to our franchisees and customers. The enhancements have resulted in increased sales through our franchisees.
Over the past couple of years, we have set the stage for 2010 and beyond. We set “future state” goals to achieve long- term, aggressive profitable growth.
To better serve our customers, our United States supply chain is transforming to a market-rate-of- demand replenishment system. Our supply chain carries almost 50,000 stock-keeping units (SKUs). Our previous model treated all SKUs alike, even though just 13,000 represent the greatest portion of our volume. We’re redesigning that system to position high-volume SKUs closer to the customer in three velocity distribution centers across the country. Our goal is to replenish these products based on daily demand. COT delivery for the fast moving SKUs rose to 93% at the end of 2006. Lower volume items will be centrally stocked and may only be produced to order. While it’s early
in the transformation process, results to date give us confidence that the system is working. The
next step is continued improvement and expansion of the system to better integrate outside suppliers and franchisees.
Our manufacturing plants play an important role in improving our supply chain. We’ve invested capital to replace old machine tool technology with more current and flexible technology. We are focusing much of our RCI efforts on reducing machine set-ups and creating better flow through cells. This is an area where much work remains, but we are achieving results.
 3
 TECHNICIANS’ CHOICE AWARDS FOR OVERALL BEST BRAND
Snap-on recently earned several Frost & Sullivan Technicians’ Choice Awards that measure tool preference by automotive technicians. Snap-on emerged as the overall leader and brand of choice by a significant margin in the United States in hand tools, tool storage and scan tools. In the United Kingdom study, Snap-on was the overwhelming leader in hand tools, tool storage, scan tools and power tools.
U.S. OVERALL BEST BRAND
Next Leading Brand
Next Leading Brand
Next Leading Brand
  HAND TOOLS 76%
 8%
  TOOL STORAGE 65%
 10%
  SCAN TOOLS 51%
 18%

                 The Commercial & Industrial Group made significant progress. Segment net sales in 2006 were up 5.6%, while operating earnings improved more than 50%. The results reflect higher sales, including growth in emerging markets, and improved productivity and efficiency savings from employing RCI tools.
We continued to build our footprint in emerging markets, which will serve as a platform for growth. In Asia, for example, we opened 18 new sales offices, extended our product line aimed at local customers and expanded production in the region. The Asian effort provides all of our businesses with a low-cost sourcing platform. We continue to execute our plans to relocate certain high-cost manufactur- ing locations to lower-cost regions.
In addition, product innovation and deployment
of advanced technology yielded strong results for the Commercial & Industrial Group. In our undercar equipment business, we experienced strong sales growth of our advanced technology products, which drove significant profit improvement in the business. Recent innovations in automotive power tools are enabling us to grow share in this important segment.
Once again, Snap-on’s recent success reflects the strength and commitment of our people throughout the organization. They are building the Snap-on of today and tomorrow.
In the Diagnostics & Information Group, segment net sales were up 21.2% in 2006, largely due to sales growth in the OEM equipment solutions business. Further advances in diagnostics products and service information were made, and we continued to enhance our capability of linking these to create integrated solutions, which we believe can signifi- cantly change the competitive field.
With the acquisition of ProQuest Business Solutions, now named Snap-on Business Solutions, we are extending our reach into OEM parts and service information, establishing deeper OEM customer relationships. We believe our capabilities uniquely position us to add value for global OEMs and enhance the productivity and profitability of their dealerships.
Once again, Snap-on’s recent success reflects the strength and commitment of our people throughout the organization. They are building the Snap-on
of today and tomorrow. They developed and are implementing our strategies for growth and improve- ment, and they are dedicated to the success of those strategies.
We are encouraged by the progress shown in 2006 and we are excited about the prospects for the future. There are still challenges ahead, but the overall trends are positive, and we believe Snap-on is well positioned to deliver the most valued produc- tivity solutions in the world. That’s our mission. That is our future.
I want to thank all of our associates, franchisees, suppliers, shareholders and the Board of Directors for their commitment and contributions in 2006. With their ongoing support, we anticipate continued operating and earnings improvement in 2007.
Jack D. Michaels
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
 4
snap-on incorporated 2006 annual report
