 TO OUR SNAP-ON
SHAREHOLDERS
Our 2009 performance is marked by Snap-on’s ability to achieve efficiency and cost improvement while staying the course in pursuit of strategic growth opportunities. Despite the economic headwinds of the global recession, we made significant progress on our journey. Our sequential performance for the third and fourth quarters reflected lessening year-over-year sales declines. We are encouraged by our continuing progress and excited about our potential to build on strong foundations.
As the year proceeded, we continued to expand our reach, serving an ever-broadening geography, and our diversification into additional professional market segments continued. We expanded our product portfolio to serve the specific needs
of serious professionals working on mission critical tasks. Through our Snap-on Value Creation Processes, we drove product innovation, customer connections and rapid continuous improvement. We maintained the strength of our franchisee network and our overall direct-selling model. We firmly believe that advancing these strategic initiatives will
be decisive in creating long-term value for our shareholders.
For the year, net sales were $2.363 billion compared to $2.853 billion in 2008. Unfavorable currency translation contributed $98.5 million, or 20%, of the sales decline. Net operating earnings of $134.2 million compared to earnings of $236.7 million in 2008. Earnings per share were $2.32 as compared to $4.07 in 2008.
Snap-on became a public company in 1939. Since that time, we have paid uninterrupted and unreduced dividends to our shareholders each and every quarter. Few public companies can make this claim. In 2009, dividends paid per share were $1.20, representing $69 million returned to our shareholders.
The year 2009 brought difficult circumstances with an economic slowdown, a tight credit environment and a high level of uncertainty that curtailed customer spending. In the face of difficult economic headwinds, the company responded. We thank our associates, franchisees and distribution partners for their unwavering focus in confronting these challenges.
In July, Snap-on ended its agreement with CIT Group Inc. related to the Snap-on Credit financial services joint venture. Since that time, Snap-on has provided uninterrupted financing through the credit programs that support our franchisees and customers in multiple selling channels. During the economic downturn and the credit company change, franchisees were supported without disruption.
Our use of rapid continuous improvement (RCI), as well as appropriate cost reduction initiatives, served us well in 2009. RCI helped us eliminate waste, improve efficiency and shift resources to key initiatives and investments aimed at future growth. We successfully reduced operating expense and inventory, offsetting the impact of costs to carry manufacturing capacity during periods of light demand.
Our manufacturing system is key to delivering world-class products to a broad range of customers. In 2009, we continued to improve our North American and Western European production facilities to increase productivity and upgrade technology. In China and Eastern Europe, we again expanded
  5

 6
SNAP-ON CHOSEN BEST OVERALL BRAND IN KEY CATEGORIES
In a study by leading automotive research firm, Martec Group, automotive technicians continue to regard Snap-on as best brand by an overwhelming margin in each primary tool category.
HAND TOOLS
Next Leading Brand 9%
TOOL STORAGE
Next Leading Brand 11%
HANDHELD DIAGNOSTICS
76%
68%
72%
powerful vehicle for expansion throughout the world, especially in emerging markets in Eastern Europe and Asia. Founded
on over 120 years of excellence, Bahco products deliver unique ergonomics and strong user benefits across a wide range of professional industries.
Our worldwide franchised van business, the foundation of our company, is the Snap-on Tools Group. In 2009, sales for that Group declined 9.6%. Strong RCI and cost containment efforts limited the impact and resulted in operating earnings of $110.8 million, holding the operating income decline to 5.9% below 2008.
In the face of the recession, we pledged to support our franchisees—and we did just that. A series of actions designed to maintain and enhance the performance and profitability
of our franchisees succeeded in enhancing the franchise proposition and maintaining the health of the overall network.
In cooperation with the National Franchise Advisory Councils in the U.S. and Canada, we continued an effort to help franchisees reduce their operating cost through specific programs targeting major expenses. Expanded training programs reached record attendance levels and achieved strong business results for most participants. Marketing programs, enhanced via franchisee input, attracted customers to the vans. And, powerful event marketing brought customers and franchisees together, strengthening both relationships and sales.
Testing in a small group of company stores in the U.S. yielded positive learning that is now being rolled out to improve the franchise system in key areas like safety, productivity and point-of-sale marketing. Sharing ideas from franchisees in the U.K., Australia, Japan and Benelux also benefited the total franchise system. Successful new product launches, new technology tools, and continued supply chain improvements strengthened market position for both our company and our franchisees. We thank our dedicated franchisees and their families for their continued commitment and passion.
Next Leading Brand 9%
POWER TOOLS
46%
Next Leading Brand
20%
manufacturing capability and capacity. These locations enabled an expansion of our local product line and provided a stronger platform for accessing crucial markets. The new facilities were launched with our highest safety, quality and performance standards, reflecting the strong collaborative support provided by existing Snap-on facilities in developed markets.
The legendary Snap-on® brand continues to grow stronger, delivering super-premium quality and performance to professional users around the world. As we expand our sales footprint beyond the automotive garage, the brand delivers confidence to users in critical applications where second best is not an option. Whether measured by endorsement from auto technicians, the confidence of global aerospace companies, or purchases by leading-edge companies in segments like energy and natural resources, the Snap-on brand is stronger than ever.
The Bahco® brand also continues to grow in importance, built on strong foundations in Western Europe. It provides a
BELIEFS
We deeply believe in:
Non-negotiable Product and Workplace Safety
Uncompromising Quality Passionate Customer Care Fearless Innovation
Rapid Continuous Improvement
VALUES
Our behaviors define our success:
We demonstrate Integrity. We tell the Truth.
We respect the Individual. We promote Teamwork. We Listen.
VISION
To be acknowledged as the:
Brands of Choice
Employer of Choice Franchisor of Choice Business Partner of Choice Investment of Choice
Who We Are
OUR MISSION
The most valued productivity solutions in the world

    In the Commercial & Industrial Group, sales declined 23.1%, primarily as a result of the economic downturn in Europe and tight capital markets impacting big-ticket equipment and reduced industrial spending in the United States. Strong expense control, restructuring activities and efficiency initiatives aggressively reduced expenses, partially offsetting the sales decline.
Pursuit of important segments like government, natural resources and energy, aerospace and aviation resulted in Snap-on providing integrated solutions for a blue chip roster of customers. Our focus on these and other mission critical industries continues and we believe it will be crucial for our future direction.
Technology improvements and product innovation also benefited our global businesses. In power tools, we continued a multi-year string of successful product launches, reinforcing our leadership position in the category with automotive technicians. In undercar equipment and tool control, important advancements resulted
in new products that won awards from the business press and captured key customer orders across multiple segments.
During the year, we continued to deepen our partnership with technical schools and organizations that raise our profile with new technicians in training. These efforts are making the Snap-on brand and official Snap-on certification the hallmarks of excellence for technicians of the future.
In Europe, the severe economic downturn resulted in weak sales. We worked to expand our presence in Eastern Europe and selectively strengthened our manufacturing and distribution, positioning ourselves to take full advantage
of future opportunities.
In Asia, Snap-on made progress both in expanding sales and in further establishing our physical capabilities in the region. A rapidly expanding portfolio of products was deployed through our now-established, large network of sales offices and distributors. Manufacturing capacity was expanded in both Kunshan and Wanda, near Shanghai, positioning product close to Asian markets. And, efforts in lower cost, external sourcing from the region continue to be enhanced.
In Diagnostics & Information, 2009 sales declined 15.5% from 2008, while operating earnings increased 5.8%. The operating earnings improvement largely reflects a more favorable mix of higher-margin diagnostics and software as well as savings from ongoing RCI initiatives.
During the year, we launched successful new hardware and software platforms, addressing both automotive and heavy-duty truck markets. Our efforts to increase global penetration in handheld diagnostic tools were also rewarded with increased volume, and sales of repair information products showed some strength.
These gains were more than offset by lower sales to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). Restrained spending by OEMs led to lower facilitation and essential tool program volume. In addition, consolidation within the domestic OEM dealership footprint reduced requirements for electronic parts catalogs. We did, however, make significant progress in strengthening our relationships with key OEMs, which we believe will provide ongoing offsets to the decline.
Overall, 2009 was a challenging year. We believe the strength of our brands, the resilience of our business models and the power of Snap-on Value Creation Processes can carry us forward. We believe Snap-on can capitalize on the opportunities created by the market turbulence. We intend to limit the impact of the turbulence, to continue to invest in strategically decisive areas and to emerge from this challenging period in an even stronger competitive position.
In that regard, we thank all of our dedicated Board members for their continued, invaluable support. Finally, we thank our associates, our franchisees and our shareholders for their contributions, service and dedication to our team.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
        Snap-on continues to expand its capability to
serve emerging markets. In 2009, our Kunshan plant added capacity and product categories, all meeting our exacting, world- class performance standards.
  The No Compromise Tour visited
private and public customer events across the U.S., creating excitement and hands-on demonstrations
for customers and franchisees.
  7
