2 / 3 . SanDisk Corporation . 2000 Annual Report

most of the year was to ramp up our production output as quickly as possible. To achieve the maximum output of flash memory we accelerated our technology transition from 128 megabit .28 micron single bit per cell flash memory to 256 megabit D2 cell flash, first at .28 micron, then at .24 micron. By the fourth quarter we were running the 256 megabit D2 .24 micron design at three UMC fabs, up from one fab in the first quarter. We were also running the majority of our card assembly and test at our subcontractors in China, Taiwan and

A Letter from the President
FY 2000 ­ A Banner Year for SanDisk. FY 2001 ­ A Challenge and an Opportunity.

the Philippines. Unfortunately, the US economy took a sudden turn for the worse late in the year, and we exited fiscal 2000 having to deal with a completely different set of challenges for fiscal 2001. Our vision is the same as it was on the first day at SanDisk almost 13 years ago. The post PC era presents us enormous opportunities for flash memory storage with the convergence of digital consumer electronics, wireless communications devices and Internet appliances. The key to unleashing these opportunities is supplying reliable flash memory that can be manufactured at an affordable cost which enables new mega-markets, such as digital cameras and wireless Internet appliances. The path to affordability is our passionate focus on rapid development of leading edge flash memory technology and controllers. With our strategic partner Toshiba and our allies in Taiwan, SanDisk has an extremely aggressive roadmap for the development and future mass production of advanced flash memories and low-cost highperformance controllers. For example, SanDisk and Toshiba are currently the only suppliers shipping monolithic 512 megabit flash chips, manufactured for both companies at Toshiba's Yokkaichi wafer fab in Japan. In mid 2001 this technology is expected to begin production at the FlashVision joint venture fab in Virginia. Joint development activities are proceeding on track to introduce higher capacity and lower cost flash memory and controller chips in 2002. In 2001, we also expect our investments of the past 18 months in the Secure Digital Card standard to begin to pay off as numerous platforms supporting the Secure Digital Card enter the market. There are currently 225 members in the SD Association and the pace

Fiscal 2000 was a year of phenomenal growth for SanDisk. During the year we saw our hard work and investments of the past several years translate into booming sales and growing profitability. This was our seventh consecutive year of revenue growth. The financial performance numbers are outstanding; revenues grew to $601.8 million, up 144% from 1999. Product revenues grew 156% to $526.4 million and product gross margins increased 6% over the prior year, to 32%. Total units sold in fiscal 2000 exceeded 13 million, compared to just under 5 million in the prior year. Pricing was stable for most of the year, and we experienced a relatively moderate decline of 22% in the price per megabyte shipped in 2000 compared to 1999. Net income was $94.7 million, up 256% from 1999, excluding the one time after tax gain on the UMC investment of $204 million. License and royalty revenues grew 83% to $75.5 million in fiscal 2000, and we received a strong boost to our patent portfolio from the successful settlement with Lexar of our '987 patent infringement case. We also renewed our patent cross license with Hitachi and signed a patent cross license with TDK. During the first three calendar quarters of 2000 we were under severe production capacity constraints, resulting in product allocations to our customers as the digital consumer markets for our products began to grow at an accelerating pace. Our challenge throughout

of new designs for Secure Digital Card platforms is accelerating. For example on March 19, 2001, Palm announced the introduction of the new Palm computers that will employ Secure Digital Cards supplied by SanDisk, for removable storage. SanDisk has been a leading participant in the PDA market since its inception, and believes that Palm's decision is an acknowledgement of the growing consumer demand for digital music and other electronic content on their mobile devices. We believe that the same pattern for the adoption of Secure Digital Cards will repeat itself in next generation (3G) cell phones and Internet appliances, which, over the next 3 to 5 years will create an explosive demand for flash memory cards. According to market projections, in 2003 more Internet enabled cell phones will be sold than PCs, and by 2005 the vast majority of cell phones sold will be Internet appliances. We also believe that NAND flash memory components are rapidly becoming the standard for embedded storage applications and that this trend will open up for SanDisk major new market opportunities selling flash chips, in addition to removable flash memory cards. During 2000 we also undertook several strategic initiatives to expand our future market opportunities. We formed the DigitalPortal Inc. joint venture with Photo-Me International, Plc. to develop and market self vending photo kiosks employing a superb high-resolution, low-cost silver halide printing process. The DigitalPortal photo kiosks will allow digital camera users to quickly and easily get top quality prints from their digital film. We expect the rollout of these kiosks to commence in the second half of 2001. We made a strategic investment in Tower Semiconductor to participate in their future advanced wafer foundry where we expect to produce some of our future advanced programmable controller designs, starting in late 2002. We made a strategic investment in Divio, Inc., a Silicon Valley startup that is developing MPEG4 video compression chips for future solid state digital camcorders where flash memory is expected to replace tape. We expect Divio to launch their first product within the next year. We also announced a joint development

and cooperation agreement with Zoran Microelectronics, Ltd. to develop MPEG4 compression for future digital cameras, to allow movie clips of several minutes duration, up from the current limit of 5 to 20 seconds. We are also working closely with the leading DSP and controller host providers, Microsoft and others, to help promote the widespread acceptance of removable flash memory card standards, as well as copyright protection of content stored on our cards. The current market conditions at the end of the first quarter of 2001 are quite challenging. Bookings visibility is unusually low and is not expected to improve materially while our customers continue to work down their excess inventories. Competition is fierce and prices are coming down more rapidly than we have seen for several years, putting downward pressure on our gross margins. These conditions are difficult for all competitors. At SanDisk we view them as an opportunity for us to gain market share through good execution under adversity. SanDisk is fortunate to have a very strong balance sheet, which will allow us to continue our strategic programs for advanced technology and products, as well as our strategic investments in FlashVision in 2001. We are confident that these investments will position SanDisk to be the long-term market leader once the current slow-down comes to an end. At the same time we have taken strict measures in Q1 2001 to manage our operating spending to reflect the current business environment. More than at any time in recent years, we are seeing our people, our number one asset, stepping up to the challenges, and putting forth tremendous dedication and hard work to achieve SanDisk's vision. We are deeply indebted to our employees. We are also encouraged by the support from our long-term investors, who share our vision for renewed growth and profitability in the next up-cycle.

Eli Harari President and Chief Executive Officer

