Stockholders Letter

Letter to our Stockholders
2010 was a record year for SanDisk. Strong demand drivers for flash memory combined with our diversified customer base and solid execution allowed us to deliver our best year ever with a record $4.8 billion in revenues as well as record profitability and cash flows. We demonstrated our expertise in NAND flash memory technology and system development through our deployment of 3-bit per cell flash in more than 50% of our sales. The growth in our embedded product sales highlighted our ability to develop and implement end market solutions. Solutions that, with our deep involvement with our partners, satisfy our customer needs. Our focus on operational excellence and cost discipline enabled continued cost leadership, contributing to our record gross margins and operating margins.

2010 Business Overview
If you recall, back in 2009, we had a focused initiative within SanDisk to broaden our channels and diversify our customer base, especially within the OEM segment of our business. Those efforts began paying off in the second half of 2009 and continued throughout 2010, contributing to our strong revenue growth in 2010. Our OEM revenue grew 75% on a year-over-year basis and accounted for 62% of our product revenue. We gained significant market share in the embedded business within OEM, as customers began adopting our iNANDTM and other embedded solutions. Another noteworthy accomplishment was the initial success in migrating some of our customers to our 3-bits per cell-based iNAND, an industry first in our view. Our retail business accounted for 38% of product revenue and it grew 8% on a year-over-year basis. We maintained or grew retail share across all key geographies and we enhanced our product mix, contributing to significant expansion of retail gross margins in 2010. From an end market perspective, the mobile market remained the key driver of our business and it accounted for 50% of our business mix, up from just 25% four years ago. The mobile business grew 64% on a year-over-year basis. The imaging market accounted for 22% of our business and grew 22% as well on a year-over-year basis. We gained imaging market share with both our SanDisk branded products as well as through sales to our private label customers. The USB flash drive market drove 9% of our business in 2010, with the revenue level similar to 2009, as we consciously allocated our memory supply to optimize for price and profitability.

Growth Drivers
As we look ahead, we are focused on several powerful demand catalysts for flash memory, including: smartphones, tablets, solid-state drives ("SSD") for personal computers ("PCs") and the Cloud. Smartphones: With increasing functionality for still photos, music, video, television, navigation, games and more, smartphones are providing an enhanced life-style experience to consumers worldwide. In addition, the price points of smartphones continue to trend lower, largely due to carrier subsidies. As a result of increasing functionality and affordability, according to market analysts, smartphone sales are expected to increase to nearly a billion units by 2014. Many, if not most, of the smartphones contain high capacity NAND flash storage solutions either in embedded or in removable formats. Our iNAND and other embedded solutions are broadly used in a wide variety of smartphones available in the market today, and many of the smartphone models are also sold with bundled SanDisk branded cards. Tablets: The launch of the Apple iPadTM in 2010 galvanized a whole new category for NAND flash. According to market analysts, this market started in the second half of 2010 and quickly grew to consume nearly 5% of NAND industry supply for the full year 2010. A key enabler of richer media experience for consumers and a productivity enhancer for business customers, tablets blur the demarcation between a smartphone and a portable computer. Our iNAND product, which complies with the e-MMC interface for data transfer protocols, has been designed into many of the tablet models. As this nascent market shifts to adopt the Serial ATA ("SATA") interface, we believe that our iSSD products, that support the SATA interface, will begin to gain traction.

Solid-state drives (for PCs): Most believe that the key attributes of an ideal portable computer are thin, instant on, lightweight, rugged, low battery usage, low heat dissipation, and low noise. These features can currently be enabled only with NAND flash as the high capacity storage medium. There is a certain segment where SSD can be viewed as a replacement market for hard disk drives ("HDD") and this market is likely to be price sensitive. We still think that at a price point of about $1 per gigabyte (at the end consumer level), the case for SSD to replace a traditional HDD is quite compelling and we believe the industry will be closer to this price point in the next few years, resulting in significant demand growth for NAND Flash. We are working on developing solutions for this emerging client SSD market. Cloud: We see the Cloud as another opportunity for NAND flash. As more and more data are stored in and accessed from the Cloud, we expect NAND flash to play a key role at both ends of the Cloud network: the enterprise data center and the client. In the enterprise data center, NAND flash can be used to support very high data transfer rates into and out of the servers by leveraging NAND flash's inherent strength in sequential memory access. The data transfer rates that an SSD can support can be 100 times faster than with HDD, and can be provided on a very cost effective basis. We see the enterprise as an exciting opportunity and we are evaluating ways to address that segment. On the client end, we believe that NAND flash represents the last node on the network, residing with you in a smartphone or other connected client. It is at this last node that we see opportunity for SanDisk to provide innovative solutions to service providers. Cricket's Muve MusicTM, MetroPCS and Softbank are already taking advantage of our card-based solutions by offering differentiated services to their end customers. From a supply standpoint, in order to meet our customer demand for NAND flash solutions, that we expect will grow over the next several years, we made a strategic decision to invest in our third 300-millimeter wafer jointventure fab along with our partner Toshiba. Construction of Fab 5 is underway and we expect the facility to begin augmenting our existing supply base in the second half of 2011 and beyond.

Key Strategic Advantages
SanDisk's strengths rest on three important pillars: first, ability to develop and commercialize innovative solutions. We achieve this through our leadership in memory technology and its successful implementation with effective systems solutions approaches. For example, our SanDisk® strongECCTM is an intelligent, proprietary, solution that is embedded in our advanced controllers. This solution utilizes sophisticated signal processing techniques to reliably write into and read from the NAND flash memory devices. This approach, combined with other system level expertise capabilities, has allowed us to continue to drive a high mix of our 3-bits per cell memory in a broad array of removable and embedded solutions. Secondly, operational excellence and cost leadership. Our two joint venture manufacturing facilities in Japan represent the world's largest source of NAND flash supply, providing us with the advantage of scale, a key factor in our memory cost leadership. We began ramping the 24-nanometer manufacturing technology on 2-bits per cell as well as on the 3-bits per cell memory architectures. The 24-nanometer technology is expected to be a key cost reduction driver in 2011. Our assembly and test facility in Shanghai has become a very important competitive advantage for us as well since it began operations in 2007. We also continue to rely on our subcontractors for our back end needs. The scale of our operations continues to expand, and we sold nearly 600 million units in 2010. Thirdly, the diversity of our customer base, through our retail and OEM channels, is unsurpassed and is one of the strongest assets for SanDisk. We have cultivated deep engagements with our customers and we remain focused on delivering the high-quality solutions that they expect from us. I would like to close by expressing my pride in the 3,469 global employees of SanDisk who have helped bring us to this point. We entered 2011 with strong operating momentum, compelling products and solutions, a solid balance sheet and solid customer engagement, and this sets the stage for continued growth of our business in 2011 and beyond. I would like to thank you, our stockholders, for your continuing support and confidence in SanDisk. I trust you share our excitement and passion in driving our business forward and in delighting the customers that store their worlds in ours.

Stockholders Letter

On March 11, 2011, Japan experienced the most powerful earthquake and resulting tsunami in over 100 years. We are grateful that our employees in Japan were not harmed and our prayers go to those impacted by these tragic events. Our joint venture fabs were not damaged and suffered minimal downtime due to the earthquake. As I write this letter, the SanDisk team is working diligently to manage the impact on our business. It will take time to work through this process, but I am confident in our team's ability to minimize the future impact on SanDisk.

Sincerely yours,

Sanjay Mehrotra President and Chief Executive Officer

