To our Stockholders, I would like to thank our customers, stockholders, dedicated employees, strategic partners and suppliers for helping us make 2005 another great year for SanDisk. Our revenues grew 30% to $2.3 billion, operating income was 25% of revenue and diluted earnings per share increased 39% to $2.00. 2005 was a pivotal year as we executed our technology transition to 70 nanometer (nm) NAND Multilevel Cell (MLC) with the industry's first 8 gigabit chip and began to ramp production at the new 300-millimeter (mm) Flash Partners investment in Fab 3. In addition, 2005 was our first year of significant revenues from our mobile cards sold into the handset market, as well as from our MP3 players and gaming cards. With retail outlets growing to 150,000 worldwide storefronts, SanDisk is gaining brand awareness and is attractively positioned as the retail market leader and industry innovator for the growing digital consumer revolution. Strong Financial Results Revenue growth was strong with product revenue growing 29% and licensing and royalties increasing 37% to $239 million. Our price per megabyte declined 52%, leading to the emergence and growth of new applications such as flash MP3 players and cards for both mobile phones and gaming. Our markets remain price elastic, and in 2005 our megabytes sold increased 166% and our average card capacity doubled. We were able to reduce costs at a rate faster than the decline in pricing, leading to higher product gross margin and a record operating margin of 25% for the year. Cash from operations grew by $481 million resulting in cash and short-term investments of $1.7 billion at year-end. Increasing Capacity and Flexible Sourcing In 2005 we increased our flash memory capacity through completion of the production transition to 90nm NAND MLC technology, the start of 70nm at our FlashVision venture with Toshiba, and the initial ramp of 300mm production late in the year at the Fab 3 Flash Partners venture. Fab 3 is expected to rapidly ramp leading edge production capacity in 2006 and 2007, and it is a crucial element in our strategy for market leadership in the growing consumer markets that we address. We sourced 35% of our 2005 flash memory supply from third-party manufacturers, providing us flexibility to vary our supply and the ability to increase our market share during the year. Technical Innovation We continue to relentlessly drive technology and product innovations, and we have more than 500 U.S. patent applications pending, mostly relating to advanced NAND MLC as well as advanced generation card storage solutions and systems, such as the TrustedFlashTM and U3TM platforms. In January 2006, we completed the acquisition of Matrix Semiconductor, Inc., a technology startup that is pioneering three dimensional semiconductor memory which we believe may have profound impact in future years when Moore's Law slows down the scaling of current two dimensional flash memory. Intensifying Competition As our markets become sizable, new competitors are entering from entrenched, well-financed semiconductor manufacturers. In 2005 the significant capacity additions from these suppliers was well absorbed by the burgeoning demand in the second half of the year. These competitors are currently trailing our technology lead, particularly in MLC, and it is clear to us that the key to retaining market leadership and strong profitability is through staying ahead in technology, manufacturing and Intellectual Property (IP). These are the areas where we continue to invest much of our energies and passion, and where our strategic partnership with Toshiba shines. Concurrently, we intend to leverage our growing IP, and where necessary, vigorously pursue infringers.

Shareholder Letter

Growing New Markets and Revenue Diversification In 2005 we continued our diversification into new consumer markets for flash memory storage. Our mobile cards for handsets ramped during the year, and we gained broad industry adoption for our microSDTM card format. Feature”rich handsets with card slots are rapidly becoming one of our most important new markets as consumers begin to store content such as music, games and photos. We are pleased with our strong penetration at the top ten handset equipment manufacturers and with worldwide major mobile operators. We are also pleased with the growth in our MP3 line of products. Despite a hugely competitive landscape against well-known name brands, we have a clear #2 market share position in the U.S. and this market has become one of the largest applications for NAND flash memory. In the USB drive market we are focused on future differentiation in areas like security and in expanding drive functionality from just ""dumb'' storage to a true portable, personal-workspace. SanDisk's leadership in the digital imaging market continued in 2005 as we increased sales of high-end cards such as our Ultra, Extreme and SDTM Plus lines of products. The gaming market is our newest market and these brightly colored cards, used primarily in portable game devices, are expected to become a sizable revenue contributor in the coming years. SanDisk today is a multifaceted corporation: we are a vertically integrated semiconductor memory specialist with an exceptionally competitive cost structure and a strong balance sheet, we are a rapidly growing consumer branded global market leader, and we are a leading IP provider and product innovator. These fundamentals give us the confidence and the optimism to continue to grow, innovate and prosper in the coming years. We very much appreciate the continuing support and confidence of our customers, employees and stockholders. Store Your World in Ours@!

Eli Harari President and Chief Executive Officer

