Robert T. Huang
President and Chief Executive Officer

Letter to Shareholders
Dear Valued Shareholders:
Through solid execution, enhanced business strategy and ability to realize efficiencies throughout our Company, we achieved record revenue and earnings for fiscal 2007. As we began fiscal 2007, I shared with you our strategy to continue to grow our market share by adding more value-added services and by leveraging our efficient business model. In addition, I stated that we would continue to invest in our new distribution businesses such as our Technology Solutions Division (TSD) and our Consumer Electronics business (branded as NEXCE). Additionally, I shared that we would further invest in our Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) services. And finally, we committed to growing our returns to our investors. Today, one year later, I am very pleased to report that we have accomplished each of these goals, and in doing so, are providing SYNNEX a very solid foundation for 2008 and beyond. I am also proud to report to you that in 2007, SYNNEX became a Fortune 500 company. Over the past three years, we have focused on consistently growing the profitability of the Company, and with each passing quarter, we continue to gain momentum in this endeavor. In late 2004, we made a conscious decision to replace less profitable business with investments in higher-margin, more profitable lines and value-added BPO services. This decision has helped us drive our gross margins from 4.18% in fiscal 2004 to 5.07% in fiscal 2007.

"Over the past three years, we have focused on consistently growing the profitability of the Company, and with each passing quarter, we continue to gain momentum in this endeavor."

Revenues
(dollars in billions) 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 2005 2006 2007 $5.6 $6.3

Operating Income
(dollars in millions) 120 100 80 60 40 20 0 2005 2006 2007 $78.9 $96.2 $112.1

Income
From Continuing Operations 80 (dollars in millions) 70 60 50 40 30 20 10 0 2005 2006 2007 $39.6 $51.4 $63.1

Diluted Earnings per Share
From Continuing Operations (dollars) 2.0 $1.61 1.5 $1.27 $1.93

$7.0

1.0

0.5

0.0 2005 2006 2007

Letter to Shareholders
It is from this perspective that I want to share our results for fiscal 2007 and on our plans for fiscal 2008. customer partners a complete BPO offering including outbound services such as demand generation, and inbound technical and non-technical support. Also in February 2007, we acquired PC Wholesale, an IT distributor with a specialized focus on end-of-life and refurbished equipment distribution. The PC Wholesale business is highly complementary to our core distribution business, filling an important market need that results from shrinking product cycles and a growing interest in product reuse. Over the year, we also organically strengthened delivery and reach of our design registration, systems integration, financing and supply chain management services. In 2007, we also expanded in targeted geographies. Through our Link2Support acquisition, we gained a 2,400-person presence in the Philippines, providing high quality, cost-effective support services globally. We enhanced our distribution services in Canada through the acquisition of the Redmond Group of Companies (RGC), including its AVS division, further strengthening our leadership position in consumer electronics in Canada. Our strategic investment in HiChina Web Solutions, a web portal and web-hosting services company based in China, enables SYNNEX to participate in the IT business growth opportunities in the rapidly expanding China marketplace.

2007--A Year of Continued Transformation and Success
For fiscal 2007, our revenue grew 10.4% to $7.00 billion. Our income from continuing operations increased roughly 20% to $63.1 million or $1.93 per share, up from $51.4 million or $1.61 per share in 2006. The close of 2007 marked our 82nd consecutive profitable quarter, a record unmatched in our industry. The core of our business strategy is an increasingly efficient and value-adding business model that continually drives our improved profitability and returns. We are a company that remains nimble and quick in an ever-changing environment. As we began 2007, we embarked on a strategy to become a more diverse business process services provider. We completed acquisitions that expanded our offerings with key services complementary to our core business. In February 2007, we acquired Link2Support, Inc., a contact center company providing inbound technical and business support. By combining this entity with our earlier acquisition, Concentrix Corporation, an outbound call center, we now offer our vendors and

"SYNNEX is well on its way to becoming a company that can truly service our vendor and channel partners through the entire lifecycle of information technology products."

Our core distribution business continued to produce strong revenue growth during 2007 with our United States and Canadian businesses contributing a combined 13.5% growth in year-over-year revenues. Through good organic growth and a continued focus on efficiencies, our IT distribution business also delivered increased operating margin and profits for fiscal 2007 and strengthened our foundation for 2008. We remain pleased with our progress in growing TSD, our Technology Solutions Division, which focuses on higher value, higher margin products such as networking, point-of-sale, enterprise, document management, security, and converged telecommunications. For fiscal 2007, we executed on our stated growth and return goals for this division. Our growing consumer electronics NEXCE division exceeded our internal projections for fiscal 2007 and continues to ramp up well since inception in September 2006. We continue to utilize our extensive technical manufacturing and supply chain management expertise to procure, assemble and distribute products ranging from computing appliances to sophisticated supercomputing solutions through our Systems Integration Division (SID).

SID leverages our expertise in broadline distribution with our award-winning system design and manufacturing capabilities and is targeted towards the system builder community. We are very pleased with the evolution of our supply chain services business with the addition of complementary value-added services that benefit our customers. With all these activities, we believe SYNNEX is well on its way to becoming a company that can truly service our vendor and channel partners through the entire lifecycle of IT products--including demand generation, supply chain management, design and contract assembly, distribution, and pre- and post-sales support. We recognize that a large portion of our success over the years is attributable to our loyal channel and supply partners. We have built our business around providing the right services to satisfy the growing needs of all of our partners. To support this initiative, SYNNEX is committed to providing the best service to all of our constituents. Last year we launched a program to enhance our value and commitment to our partners' profitable growth. The results from our customer and vendor intimacy program have yielded valuable insights that provide a solid foundation for future business initiatives. I am pleased to share with you that during 2007, SYNNEX received several top industry awards that highlight our commitment to strong customer and vendor relationships. In September 2007, we were recognized by CRN magazine and placed first in two very important categories: "Pricing and Availability" and "Relationships" in the 2007 CRN Sourcing Guide. This is a significant

Letter to Shareholders
honor for SYNNEX because the winners were chosen by solutions providers within our customer community. Once again, our assembly talents were recognized in October 2007 by Sun Microsystems, Inc. for our excellence in external manufacturing. In partnership with MiTAC International Corp., we received the 2007 "Best-in-Class" supplier award. In November 2007, CDW Corporation, a leading provider of information technology products and services to the business, government and education sectors, selected SYNNEX as the "2007 Partner of the Year" for having demonstrated especially effective support of CDW's initiatives and values, including proactive responses to the needs of CDW customers. We were also recognized by the IT ChannelVision: Government Edition Summit, an event sponsored by Gartner, Inc., for providing our government resellers with the "Best Federal Channel Strategy" program for 2007. This again is a very important honor for SYNNEX as the top government solutions providers selected SYNNEX for this award. We are very proud of all of these accomplishments and remain committed to enhancing value for our vendor and customer partners. market share by leveraging our efficient business model and by adding more value-based services. We will continue to look for synergistic opportunities across the organization to minimize cost and maximize revenue and margin. And we will continue to invest in and develop our specialized distribution businesses, such as TSD, NEXCE, SID and refurbished and endof-life products. We will continue to grow our business with the addition of new customers and by providing our customers with combined services and end-to-end supply chain management solutions. We will continue to garner efficiencies from our BPO acquisitions with offerings that complement our core business and produce additional cross-selling opportunities. And finally, we will continue to pursue synergistic, value - enhancing acquisitions that will provide a high return on invested capital. For 2008, we see many opportunities for SYNNEX because of our focused approach and efficient business model. I would like to thank our customer and supplier partners and you, our shareholders, for the continued support and confidence in SYNNEX. I would also like to thank our loyal employees worldwide for their continued hard work and daily execution that have helped place SYNNEX in a leadership position in our industry. I look forward to sharing our accomplishments with you in 2008. Sincerely,

Our 2008 Outlook
Overall, we expect fiscal 2008 to be another year of solid growth. We are vigilant about the uncertainty in the economy; however, we are confident that with our nimble execution and focus on efficiency as well as value creation, we will deliver strong results. Our plans include the following: For our distribution, contract assembly, and supply chain management divisions, we will continue to gain

Robert T. Huang President and Chief Executive Officer

