TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Our Valued Shareholders: The close of fiscal year 2004 marked our 25th anniversary, our first full year as a public company and a record year in our company history. We successfully executed our growth strategy by achieving double-digit gains in our distribution and contract assembly businesses. Solid execution from our distribution sales force resulted in significant market share gains in North America, where we are predominantly located. This organic growth was complemented by strategic acquisitions which extended our breadth of services and further diversified our products and service offerings. I'm proud to report on our accomplishments for the year and would like to share with you our vision for fiscal 2005. In fiscal 2004, we had achieved our highest growth year ever, with an increase in revenues of 29% and net income of 55%, compared to fiscal 2003. Through our continued superior operational execution, our distribution business delivered strong performance with growth in revenues of 22% over the prior year. Early in the year, we informed shareholders of our expansion plans in our U.S. sales force, and we have successfully accomplished our goals in this area, reflecting a 19% increase of new sales representatives over fiscal 2003 levels. We also stated our initiative to grow faster than the industry growth rate and we have successfully accomplished this goal again this year as well. Our contract assembly division continued to recover in fiscal 2004, achieving an impressive yearly increase in revenues of 150% over the previous year. A healthier market environment resulting in increased demand for our primary customer in this division, coupled with the addition of several new customers, fueled our assembly growth over the past year. Further diversification in types of product builds also occurred this year, including our assembly of the world's second most powerful supercomputer for one of our key systems integration resellers. Operating income of $79.0 million, at 1.49% of revenues, represented a growth of 36% over the prior year. Net income for the year was $46.6 million, or $1.55 per share. We are relentless in our efforts to maintain excellence in operating efficiencies and tightly controlled expenses, and have consistently managed to levels that are unmatched in our industry, as evidenced by an outstanding 2.75% SG&A for fiscal 2004. Our operating model is to be efficient and highly productive. We run all of our daily operations on an IT system we developed, which empowers our employees with the tools and visibility that allow them to make quick, decisive decisions in servicing our channel partners. In fiscal 2004 we also continued to leverage our infrastructure by effectively utilizing low-cost regions to perform high transaction tasks, IT software development and back-office support functions. All of these factors are key contributors in maintaining a lowcost operating model and delivering consistent profitability.

2

Our emphasis on the GPE ratio, i.e. gross profit generated to expense incurred, is also key in delivering consistent and profitable results. In fiscal 2004, we generated $225 million in gross profit while spending only $146 million in our operations to support and generate this gross profit. Thus, for each dollar of operating expense, we generated $1.54 in gross profit, or $0.54 in operating profit. It is our belief that the ratio between gross profit and operating expense is the key metric that characterizes our ability to make profits. This ratio is reflective of SYNNEX' consistency in delivering profitability as well as our capability to outperform our competitors and be a leader in our industry. As I noted earlier, we completed two strategic acquisitions in fiscal 2004, EMJ Data Systems and BSA Sales. EMJ was acquired through our subsidiary, SYNNEX Canada, and we believe the combination of SYNNEX Canada and EMJ creates a distribution leader in the Canadian market by combining broadline distribution with a value distribution model. Synergies between the two organizations further extend into greater efficiencies and a broader customer reach. EMJ's business focus is on niche market areas such as auto-ID/ point-of-sale/bar code products. The second acquisition, BSA Sales, broadened our North America portfolio of marketing services offerings to IT suppliers and resellers with highly differentiated demand generation marketing services. As we enter fiscal 2005 we will continue our focus on improving our core distribution and assembly businesses. We will also look toward our future in capitalizing on several new initiatives and growth markets that will further broaden our portfolio of products and services for our reseller and supplier partners. A few examples of these potential new opportunities are 1) our recent investment in Microland Limited, where we are building an IT infrastructure managed services practice that delivers 24x7 remote network monitoring services and technical support services; 2) our diversification of product offerings by expanding into the enterprise marketplace, consumer electronics and broadening our presence in networking; and 3) the expansion of our niche auto-ID/point-of-sale business into the U.S. utilizing the expertise of our EMJ personnel. In closing, I would like to thank our customers, supplier partners and shareholders for their continued support and confidence in SYNNEX. I would also like to thank our employees worldwide for their hard work and daily execution in building SYNNEX to what it is today, a market leader in the IT supply chain. I am excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for SYNNEX and look forward to sharing in our growth and success with you. Sincerely,

Robert Huang President and Chief Executive Officer

3

