  

Dear Fellow Shareholders, 
 

We  live  in  an  everchanging  world,  and  the  pace  of  change  has  accelerated  driven  by  social  media,  mobile  devices,  and  advancements  in  technology  in  general.   Every  business  and  every  individual  is  affected,  with  access  to  information  in  realtime  no  matter  where  things  happen  in  the  world.    This  is  an  exciting  time,  and  these  changes  create  significant  opportunities  for  SYNNEX.    Technology  also  drives  Concentrix'  focus  and  success  in  optimizing  customer  engagement  and  business  processes  for  their  enterprise  clients.   Continuous  evolution  and  agility  are  key  tenets  of  our  strategy  and  our  culture,  positioning  us  not  only  to  capture  the  opportunities  that  these  changing  business  and  technology  ecosystems provide, but to help our customers and partners successfully navigate these trends as well.    In  our  fiscal  2014,  the  SYNNEX  team  delivered  exceptional  operational  results,  and  I  am  proud  of  the  headlines  we  created last year.    Key Highlights of 2014      Revenue increased 28% to $13.8 billion.   Operating income increased 28% to $309 million.   Diluted earnings per share increased 51% to $4.57.   We announced the initiation of a quarterly dividend program. 

  Our  Technology  Solutions  division  grew  revenues  nearly  20%,  with  29%  growth  in  operating  income.   We  grew  faster  than  the  overall  market,  with  all  of  our  geographies   the  US,  Canada,  and  Japan   contributing.   This  growth  came  from  both  market  share  gains  in  core  segments,  as  well  as  from  emerging  businesses  in  the  communications,  cloud,  and  software  spaces.  Our  strategy  of  differentiating  ourselves  through  deep  technical  and  vertical  industry  knowledge  is  reaping benefits.    While  the  results  we  delivered  in  2014  were  partly  aided  by  market  dynamics  such  as  Windows  XP  end  of  support  and  the  consumption  tax  increase  in  Japan,  we  remain  excited  about  our  profitable  growth  opportunities  in  2015  and  beyond.    Key  drivers  of  growth  in  the  Internet  of  Things,  Windows  Server  2003  end  of  support,  and  Third  Platform  technologies  will  provide  tailwinds  to  demand,  and  we  believe  SYNNEX  is  wellpositioned  to  grow  with  our  expanded  line card of relevant products, and our unique gotomarket capabilities that differentiate SYNNEX from its peers.    We  have  a  proud  history  in  Technology  Solutions  of  performing  better  than  the  overall  market  and  we  expect  to  continue to do so.  We believe that we have a superior business strategy, that we are invested in the right growth areas,  and  that  we  have  the  right  partners  in  both  our  vendor  and  customer  portfolios.    We  have  a  cando  attitude,  deeply  instilled  in  what  I  believe  are  among  the  best  people  in  the  business.   Regardless  of  what  markets  we  face,  we  set  our  goals high and strive to exceed them.    Our  Concentrix  division  took  most  of  our  headlines  last  year,  as  we  transformed  into  a  global  leader  in  customer  engagement  solutions.    Our  rich  portfolio  of  over  300  clients  is  proudly  supported  by  over  50,000  employees  in  24 

  

countries.   We  service  10  industry  verticals  with  proprietary  platforms  and  processes,  driving  high  levels  of  efficiency,  effectiveness  and  quality.    The  acquisition  of  the  IBM  CRM  business  has  been  a  huge  success,  and  we  have  clearly  entered  a  new  era  in  our  business  profile  and  financial  results.    All  thanks  to  the  hard  work  and  dedication  of  the  leadership and employees that have come together to form a very strong united team.    As  we  complete  the  final  stages  of  our  integration  work,  our  focus  has  shifted  to  capturing  incremental  efficiencies  and  building  our  sales  pipeline,  with  an  emphasis  on  highervalue  work  in  key  industry  verticals  such  as  Health  Care,  Insurance, Banking/Financial Services, and Technology.  Our goals are clear ­ grow the business at or above market rate,  and enhance the quality of the business to drive improved operating margin through higher valueadd engagements and  incremental efficiencies.  We believe our success in signing new logos, baseline expansion, and renewals will create sales  and profit opportunities in 2015 and beyond.    In  closing,  I  am  very  proud  of  what  we've  accomplished,  and  I  am  excited  about  our  future.   There  are  exciting  changes  afoot in both the technology and services industries, and with our investments and strong execution, we believe we can  capture  and  maximize  these  opportunities  which  will  result  in  increased  shareholder  value  through  cash  generation,  margin expansion and EPS growth.        Sincerely, 

  Kevin Murai  President, Chief Executive Officer and Director  February 26, 2015 
 

ForwardLooking Statements  Statements in this letter to stockholders that are forwardlooking, such as our goals and strategy; growth opportunities; demand tailwinds from key  drivers of growth in the Internet of Things, Windows Server 2003 end of support, and Third Platform technologies; our expectations regarding our  performance relative to the market; our focus on capturing incremental efficiencies and building our sales pipeline; our emphasis on highervalue  work in Health Care, Insurance, Banking/Financial Services and Technology verticals; sales and profit opportunities; increased shareholder value  through cash generation, margin expansion and EPS growth; and enhancements in our offerings and services, involve known and unknown risks  and uncertainties, which may cause our actual results in future periods to be materially different from any future performance that may be  suggested in this letter.  Additional information concerning potential factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the  forwardlooking statements can be found in our Form 10K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We assume no obligation to update  any forwardlooking statements contained in this letter.  Copyright 2015 SYNNEX Corporation.  All rights reserved.  SYNNEX, the SYNNEX Logo, CONCENTRIX and all other SYNNEX company, product and  services names and slogans are trademarks or registered trademarks of SYNNEX Corporation.  SYNNEX, the SYNNEX Logo, and CONCENTRIX Reg.  U.S. Pat. & Tm. Off.  Other names and marks are the property of their respective owners.

