letter to

SHAREHOLDERS

on the sale of our Japan operations during the year and the associated income from discontinued operations, our net income was $52.8 million or $1.70 per share in fiscal 2005, compared to $46.6 million or $1.55 per share in fiscal 2004. As always, we take pride in our consistency and focus on profitability at SYNNEX; thus, we are proud that we closed fiscal
Robert Huang
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

2005 with our 74th consecutive profitable quarter, a streak that is virtually unmatched in our industry. Operationally in fiscal 2005, in our main distribution

Our Valued Shareholders: We closed fiscal 2005 on a high note with a very strong fourth quarter finish, including posting a record quarterly revenue figure of $1.59 billion. While we ended fiscal 2005 with positive momentum, we are not pleased that we did not perform at such a high level for the full year. Market conditions, competitive pricing pressures and integration issues all contributed to a slow start to fiscal 2005; however, in the end it is our internal performance and execution of our business model that we must hold responsible for any shortfall. The good news is that we quickly addressed our shortcomings, gained valuable insight into our business from the challenges we faced, and now we have a more solid base from which to grow SYNNEX. It is from this perspective that I want to share additional thoughts on our fiscal 2005 and on our plans for fiscal 2006. For fiscal 2005, we recorded another record year in revenues, growing our revenues by 10% to $5.6 billion. Our GAAP income from continuing operations declined to $39.6 million or $1.27 per share from $46.1 million or $1.53 per share in fiscal 2004, due to the execution issues noted above and restructuring and other non-recurring charges. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding restructuring and nonrecurring items, our income from continuing operations was $42.2 million or $1.36 per share compared to $43.3 million or $1.44 per share in fiscal 2004. Including the gain

business, we continued to focus on our customers and suppliers, listening to their needs, enhancing and changing our internal processes to make their experiences easier, and providing them efficient and highly productive operations to support their businesses. We also built stronger relationships over the past year by this focus on our customers and suppliers. During fiscal 2005 we also further enhanced our distributed warehouse strategy and services capabilities by adding facilities in Virginia and Nevada. These additions bring our total distribution facilities in North America to 15 and, we believe, offer the best distribution footprint for our customers and their requirements. An important backbone to our distribution business is our internally developed and maintained IT system. This efficient, flexible and scalable system is primarily supported by our development team in Beijing. I am pleased to announce that this group achieved CMMI level three certification in fiscal 2005 which, along with additional certifications in the future, further strengthens our IT development process. In addition to our CMMI certification, we also invested significantly in fiscal 2005 in employee training throughout SYNNEX, ensuring our team is well positioned and trained to help us further grow our business.

SYNNEX CORPORATION 2005 ANNUAL REPORT AND PROXY STATEMENT

3

letter to

SHAREHOLDERS

In fiscal 2005, our contract assembly business continued to play an important role in our overall business strategy. While the revenue opportunity is not as sizable as our distribution business, contract assembly presents attractive margins based on the complex integration and other services that we provide. The assembly business also acts as a catalyst for additional distribution business. Looking forward into fiscal 2006, we are very excited about our newly formed Technology Solutions Division (TSD), a combination of our higher gross margin and higher value added networking, auto-ID, point-of-sales, enterprise, security and telephony businesses. As we announced during our fourth quarter 2005 earnings call, TSD exited fiscal 2005 with a run rate of $150 million. With our investments to date and future investments, we are optimistic about our plans to grow this business to a run rate of approximately $500 million over the next three years. Given the market potential and stronger returns of TSD, we view this business as an important strategic opportunity for SYNNEX. From an overall distribution standpoint, the growth in fiscal 2005 in North America was not as robust as prior years due to our focus on growing profitably and our efforts to integrate the late fiscal 2004 Canadian acquisition of EMJ Data Systems. Fortunately, because of our continuous efforts and corrective actions during fiscal 2005, our momentum at the end of the year was very solid. We currently are pleased with our position in the North American IT distribution marketplace. Our goal for fiscal 2006 is to continue this profitable growth momentum. In addition to the US and Canada, we will also be spending more time on our Mexican distribution operations in fiscal 2006. Our Mexico operations have historically been a drag on our operating performance; however, we should see improvement in this geography based on our focus on improving the operations of this business and recent long-term customer supply arrangements we have signed.

As we execute our plans for fiscal 2006, we will not lose sight of our underlying goals, which are 1) grow our revenues faster then the growth rate of the IT channel, 2) produce industry leading returns and 3) maintain our industry leading low-cost operating model and GPE ratio (gross profit generated to operating expenses incurred). We will also continue to focus on making organic growth and acquisition investments in the strategic areas of our business that further enhances our ability to produce attractive returns to our shareholders. In closing, I am excited about the opportunities we see in fiscal 2006. We are moving forward with optimism and strong determination in executing our business plan. I'd like to thank our customers, supplier partners and shareholders for their continued support and confidence in SYNNEX. As a market leader in the IT supply chain, SYNNEX is what it is today because of the hard work and daily execution of our loyal employees worldwide. I would also like to thank Young Sohn, our first independent board member, who resigned in January 2006 from the SYNNEX board, for his dedication to SYNNEX over the past four years as well as welcome our two new independent board members, Gregory Quesnel and James Van Horne. I look forward to their guidance and support as we further strengthen our corporate governance and grow our company. I look forward to sharing our accomplishments during fiscal 2006 with you. Sincerely,

Robert T. Huang President and Chief Executive Officer

SYNNEX CORPORATION 2005 ANNUAL REPORT AND PROXY STATEMENT

4

