To Our Shareholders and Fellow Employees
What an eventful year 2000 turned out to be! It took us five weeks to elect a president; after nearly a decade of boom, the U.S. economy finally showed some signs of weakness; as the internet bubble burst, a whole generation of investors learned the hard way that the stock market doesn’t always go up; and, by the way, pure play “e-tailers” didn’t impact the regional mall and our brand-name, brick and mortar-based retailers as was previously predicted by experts.
The stock market’s tumultuous ride of 2000 reminded everyone that profits, cash flow and a sound business strategy really do matter. And the e-tailers that didn’t recognize this became expensive footnotes in the history books.
Core Business
Our #1 priority is the ownership and operation of a portfolio of highly productive, market-dominant retail assets. This portfolio is the corner- stone of our business. In 2000, it generated over $1.6 billion of EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization), and nearly $800 million of funds from operations. Much of this cash flow was distributed to our shareholders
through our $2.02 per share annual dividend, yet over $300 million was retained to reduce our indebtedness and grow our business.
2000 was the most profitable year in the company’s history. Total consolidated revenues were $2.02 billion, up 7% from $1.89 billion in 1999. Diluted funds from operations increased 10% to $3.28 per share from $2.98 per share in 1999.
Our leasing group executed leases for 8.1 million square feet in 2000. This performance helped grow occupancy for mall and freestanding stores in regional malls by 120 basis points to 91.8% at year-end compared with 90.6% a year earlier. Average base rents increased to $28.31 per square foot, and sales per square foot increased to $384. In fact, 15 Simon properties had average sales of more than $550 per square foot and 40 malls had sales of more than $400 per square foot – dramatic evidence of the selling power a Simon property delivers to its retail tenants.
Instead of acquiring and building new properties at the pace of the previous five years, we invested approximately $200 million during the past year redeveloping and expanding our existing properties. We
completed major redevelopment and expansion programs at North East Mall in Hurst, TX; The Shops at Mission Viejo in Mission Viejo, CA; and Town Center at Boca Raton in Boca Raton, FL; creating market- dominant malls for the future.
Two new development projects were completed in 2000. In the second quarter we opened Orlando Premium Outlets, a 50% owned joint venture with Chelsea Property Group, the nation’s leading owner of upscale, fashion-oriented outlet centers. Strategically located with frontage on Interstate 4 and near the entrance to Disney World in Orlando, this project has already produced sales in excess of $500 per square foot. In the fourth quarter we also opened Arundel Mills, a 1.3 million-square-foot super- regional mall in the Baltimore- Washington D.C. corridor. Simon owns 37.5% of this, our fifth joint venture with The Mills Corporation.
In addition, we enhanced the quality of our portfolio by selling $216 million in non-core assets and used those proceeds to reduce debt. We also improved our balance sheet in January 2001, with the issuance of $500 million of senior unsecured fixed-rate notes: $300 million matures
2
Simon Property Group

 in 2006 and $200 million in 2011. Our ability to sell these unsecured notes underscores the confidence that institutional investors place in our company, and the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet.
Simon Brand Ventures and Simon Business Network
Four years ago, we recognized the potential for our regional mall port- folio to produce additional revenue streams for Simon, and we launched an effort to develop this comple- mentary business. Early in 2000, we divided this effort into two distinct business units to provide additional
focus.
The mission of Simon Brand Ventures (SBV) is to develop a one-to-one relationship with our shopper and monetize the untapped asset of the 2 billion shopping visits made annually to our malls. In 2000, we upgraded our shopsimon.com website, rolled out elegant JCDecaux advertising display units in 40 malls, and continued to add sponsorships.
Simon Business Network (SBN) was created to leverage the size and scale of our portfolio to lower operating costs for us and our tenants and to create ways in which
David Simon, Chief Executive Officer
our tenants can improve the efficiency and profitability of their store operations. In 2000, SBN initiated a major alliance with the Enron Corporation across our portfolio, which fixes our energy costs at favorable pricing for up to 10 years. Through this agreement, Simon’s exposure to the volatile energy markets has been significantly reduced. SBN also enhanced its Total Facility Support program, which per- forms routine maintenance and other functions for our tenants.
Together, SBV and SBN produced $62 million of funds from operations for Simon in 2000. These revenues did not exist four years ago.
MerchantWired
In mid-2000, we launched MerchantWired, the regional mall industry’s first major consortium. With partners The Macerich Company; Rodamco North America, NV; The Rouse Company; Taubman Centers, Inc; and Westfield America, Inc.; MerchantWired has already brought high-speed connectivity to
over 300 malls and is now delivering a complete, secure broadband tech- nology infrastructure and network services to a variety of our tenants nationwide. We’re genuinely excited about the long-term outlook for MerchantWired, and greatly appre- ciate the cooperation of our fellow regional mall owners in creating a company that will enhance the productivity of our retailers and our malls. Simon owns 53% of MerchantWired.
Outlook
At Simon, our business strategy has been developed with a long-term view. The $12 billion of acquisitions we completed over the past five years, which significantly enhanced the quality of our portfolio, were an integral part of our strategy. Our goal is to own a national portfolio of highly- productive well-located regional malls that dominate retailing in their respective trade areas. With more than 250 properties, 177 of which are regional malls (including 75 in the 20 largest U.S. markets), that national
2000 Annual Report
3

“It seems nothing can kill the shopping mall. Not the Internet, the soft- ening economy, declining consumer confidence or sluggish retail sales.” —The Wall Street Journal, March 14, 2001
portfolio is now in place. And with 2000 sales of $384 per square foot, which is significantly above the national average for regional malls, our portfolio is comprised of very productive centers where retailers want to be.
Size, national scope and quality properties are major strengths of Simon. We are twice as large as our nearest competitor. We are the only real estate company that can instantly provide retailers hundreds of locations, which is why retailers seeking to roll out new concepts choose Simon.
Retail real estate remains generally out of favor with the financial community. The focus on faltering retailers, e-commerce and a weak economy has caused concern regarding our industry’s future. The reality is that retailing is, and always has been, an extremely competitive and cyclical business. Those that provide goods which capture the mood and tastes of the buying public are rewarded and those who do not are choked with inventory and some- times fail. That is the only certainty about retailing. It is a reality we have dealt with routinely and successfully since our predecessor company opened its first mall back in 1965. We expect it, are experienced in this
predictable phase of retailing, and are well prepared to deal with it. The demise of Montgomery Ward in 2000 is the most recent example. The vast majority of Wards’ locations in Simon malls will be retenanted soon with financially stronger, more productive retailers.
Our experience has been that retailers close stores in weak locations and gravitate to prime venues. This rewards malls that are attractive, continually upgraded and well situated. Well-located regional malls continue to be America’s favorite shopping destinations. The Simon portfolio is well-positioned to take advantage of this phenomenon.
We enter 2001 with an up-to-date and highly attractive property portfolio that is 75 percent newly constructed, expanded or redevel- oped during the past seven years. Most of the costs of this redevel- opment are behind us. Consequently, discretionary cash flow (after com- mon and preferred dividends and capital expenditures) will increase significantly in 2001.
Recognizing that the economy was slowing, we have cut back on new developments to avoid having excess new space to lease in a soft economy. Only one new development is slated for completion in 2001—
Bowie Town Center in Annapolis, Maryland, a 667,000 square-foot open-air regional shopping center.
Our key focus in 2001 is to increase our return on equity by improving the performance of our core portfolio, increasing occupancy and rents. We will also emphasize the expeditious retenanting of space made available by recent bank- ruptcies and continue to increase profitability through the growth of Simon Brand Ventures and Simon Business Network.
We have built a company for the long term. As the economy heads into a cyclical downturn, we are well positioned not only to withstand the hard times, but to prosper.
We are grateful for the ongoing support of our shareholders and the commitment of our employees. We were also gratified in 2000 to have been recognized by Fortune magazine as one of America’s most admired companies. It’s a testament to the hard work and efforts of our organization.
Sincerely,
David Simon
Indianapolis, March 19, 2001
 4
Simon Property Group
