FROM THE
CHAIRMAN & CEO
Dear Fellow Stockholders,
Let me begin by thanking all of the Simon associates for delivering another record breaking year. Regardless of the metric (funds from operations (“FFO”) per share, stock price, dividends per share, occupancy, sales...) we reached all-time highs, and having just finished our management conference, I am pleased to report the entire Simon team is energized and ready to deliver another strong year in 2015.
As with any industry, we face challenges but with our people and properties we are poised to produce strong results once again. The overarching theme of our confer- ence was “We are Simon” and after recent visits to our properties in California, Florida, Massachusetts and Texas, I can’t think of a better mantra to describe what we are all about. We are united for success. We work together across all of our platforms (Malls, Premium Outlets® and The Mills®) to deliver a better product to our consumers and retailers, and are ready to engage with our consumer to generate more and extended visits to our properties.
My role as Chairman and CEO is to find the right balance between our product (the asset) and profitability. Our product focus encompasses many areas including the appropriate tenant mix, ambiance, customer service and our connection with the consumer to name just a few and I have never been more excited with our mission to improve our prod- uct including its brand, look and feel, and retailer line-up. I expect this enhanced product focus will continue to deliver industry-leading profitability. Our people understand that these efforts have resulted in Simon becoming an S&P 100 industry leader with an equity market capitalization of approximately $69 billion, similar to such stalwarts as eBay, Starbucks, UPS and Walgreens. That’s who we hang out with and in my opinion, that’s very fine company. Our returns have been generated by our relentless
Above: St. Johns Town Center, Jacksonville, Florida
TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
focus on the 2P’s (Product and Profitability). Last year we delivered a 31% total shareholder return and the accompanying chart demonstrates our historical leadership in this area.
No guarantees for the future, but we are energized! Many have felt that our size would be a hindrance in terms of our ability to grow but, in fact, I believe it has actually accelerated our growth, and if you compare it to our peer group you can see this for yourself. Our FFO per share and resulting dividend per share growth have, without question, led our industry.
PROFITABILITY
Our FFO increased to $8.90 per share, a record for both our company and the REIT industry. We increased our dividend by 10.8% to a total of $5.15 per common share, and, with the recent increase in the first quarter of 2015 to $1.40 per share, we are now on track to pay at least $5.60 per share this year. We achieved these results even with the spin-off of our community centers and small enclosed mall assets into Washington Prime Group (“WPG”). On a comparable basis, adjusted for the WPG spin-off and the debt extinguishment charge we took in 2014 to extend our debt maturities, we achieved FFO per share growth of 13.9% over 2013.
Our core strengths of capital allocation, balance sheet man- agement and operating expertise continue to fuel our growth. While
      SPG
RMS
(REIT Index)
1-YEAR 3-YEAR 5-YEAR 10-YEAR 20-YEAR
31% 64% 181% 326% 2,156% 30% 57% 120% 122% 755%
S&P 500 14% 75% 105% 109% 555%
  i
 
 ii
growing cash flow is a critical success measure for us, we also pay particular attention to profit- ability measures including return on equity (“ROE”) and return on investment (“ROI”). ROE speaks
to how well and efficiently we are running the company for you, our stockholders. I am pleased to say that ROE is yet another measure where we lead the industry increasing ROE an average of more than
20% per year over the last three years. This increasing profitability provides us with both the flexi- bility and the resources to make investments in both external
and redevelopment opportunities to fuel growth and in return, increased dividends to you, our stockholders. These are enviable attributes that few, if any, of our U.S. REIT peers possess. It’s a virtuous cycle that will continue
to produce superb shareholder returns. I believe this speaks to our sustained success as well as our optimism and belief that we will continue growing and creating value over the long term.
Now let’s turn to 2014 highlights.
2014 Financial and Operational Highlights
We achieved record results in 2014, including:
• Consolidated revenue increased 7.2% to $4.871 billion (Record)
• Net income was $1.405 billion
(Record)
• FFO increased to $3.235 billion,
or $8.90 per diluted share (Record)
Keep in mind, our reported FFO per diluted share was impacted by approximately $1.00 from the loss of FFO from the WPG spin-off and the associated transaction expenses, as well as a one-time loss on the extinguishment of debt incurred
in connection with tender offers and an early notes redemption during the year. Despite the loss of earnings from the spin-off and the debt extinguishment charge, we still had our best results in the history of the company.
Our U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets once again delivered superior operational results:
• Retailer sales on a rolling 12-month basis of $619 per square foot (Record)
• Occupancy improved by 20 basis points to 97.1% (Record)
• The releasing spread for the rolling 12 months was $9.59 per
square foot — rent for spaces leased in 2014 was 16.6% higher than prior rent paid for the same spaces. Average base rents of $47.00 per square foot (Record)
• As a result of the strong perfor- mance of our properties, compar- able property net operating income (“NOI”) grew 5.1% for our U.S. Malls, Premium Outlets and The Mills. Over the last five years our comparable NOI has increased on average 4.3% in an economy whose average GDP growth was 2.2%, so 2x. A testament to our people and our properties
2014 Balance Sheet
Of course, the ability to improve our product and profitability
could not happen without a strong balance sheet. Balance sheet management is a fundamental strength of our company and we continue to have the strongest balance sheet in the industry. We have the financial flexibility and access to multiple sources of capital that, when coupled with our free cash flow, enables us to pursue growth opportunities. We have the highest investment grade ratings among U.S. retail real estate
companies and we remain one of only two U.S. REITs with “A” ratings from Moody’s Investors Service and Standard & Poor’s. Our formidable balance sheet metrics, including debt to total market capitalization of 29% and interest coverage ratio of 3.8 times, continue to differentiate our balance sheet compared to others. By the way, all records.
We continued to actively manage our liabilities in 2014 with the retirement of $2.9 billion of senior notes at a weighted average coupon rate of 5.76% and the issuance of two senior note offerings totaling $2.5 billion, with a weighted average coupon rate of 3.32% and a weighted average term of 12.0 years. Our two new note offerings during the year were 244 basis points lower in rate than the notes we retired during the year and allowed us to extend our maturities. We were also active in the secured debt markets throughout the year and closed 16 new mortgages totaling approximately $2.8 billion, of which our share was $1.6 billion. The weighted average interest rate on these new loans is 3.29%, and the weighted average term is 8.4 years.
   SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, INC.

     Bottom Right: The Galleria in Houston, Texas and Vogue hosted a fashion show as part of LOOKBOOK Live.
In addition, we became the first U.S. REIT to establish a global commercial paper note program which further diversifies our funding sources and increases our financial flexibility.
Over the last four years, we have reduced the weighted average interest rate of our debt portfolio by over 100 basis points, from 5.43% at the end of 2010 to 4.39% at the end of 2014. Over this same period, we have extend- ed the weighted average years
to maturity from 5.7 years to 6.1 years. Our refinancing plans will continue to be proactive and I am confident in our ability to continue to lower our cost of debt.
2014 Investments
We have a strong track record
of making smart, accretive and value-enhancing acquisitions to further increase the quality of
our portfolio. Since our IPO, we have successfully completed nearly $40 billion in acquisitions. In 2014, we invested more than $360 million in acquisitions, which included acquiring the remaining interests in Arizona Mills as well
as a tremendous development site located in Oyster Bay, New York, where we have plans to develop
a unique lifestyle and mixed-use center that will be a wonderful addition to the Syosset community. We also acquired the remaining interests in a portfolio of ten proper- ties that included King of Prussia, resulting in a 100% ownership of this renowned property, and also increased our ownership position in Ashford Designer Outlet, one of our European designer outlets in our joint venture with McArthurGlen Group.
In addition to the acquisitions we completed in 2014 (which was a relatively quiet year), we acquired two highly productive assets —  Jersey Gardens in Elizabeth,
New Jersey (renamed The Mills at Jersey Gardens) and University Park Village in Fort Worth, Texas—    earlier this year for an aggregate purchase price of $1.09 billion, including the assumption of $405 million of existing mortgage debt. We are very excited to add these great properties to our portfolio and start 2015 off on the acquisi- tion front on such a high note.
Klépierre
Our 2012 investment in Klépierre continues to grow in value as the company executes on its well- articulated strategy. The market has responded positively to Klépierre’s new direction and execution since we made our investment. We purchased our stake at €28.00 per share and the Klépierre stock is trading near €45.00 today. Including dividends, we have realized a return on our investment of 57%. As Chairman of its Supervisory Board, I am
very pleased with the progress
the Klépierre team has made in repositioning their property portfolio and executing upon their growth opportunities. 2014 was a huge year, from their transformative sale of 126 smaller retail galleries to Carrefour for €1.7 billion, to their recently completed acquisition of Corio for €7.2 billion creating a leading pan-European pure play retail property company. Klépierre has an unrivaled footprint in Continental Europe and is well positioned to enhance its profitability.
Top Right: Fashion Valley, San Diego, California
Left: The Fashion Centre at Pentagon City, Arlington, (Washington, DC), Virginia
   iii
2014 ANNUAL REPORT

 iv
     PRODUCT
New Development
We improve our company by adding well-conceived new product and redeveloping our existing portfolio. As you know, the new development business can be risky and returns can lag but fortunately not for Simon. We have invested $710 million in new centers, opened over the last four years with an average ROI of 11%. This includes three new Premium Outlets in North America we opened last year, a positive reflection of the growth, capacity and reach of the Premium Outlets platform.
Charlotte Premium Outlets in North Carolina opened in July with 100 stores totaling 400,000 square feet. In August, we opened Twin Cities Premium Outlets, in Minneapolis/St. Paul, Minnesota, with more than 100 stores encom- passing 409,000 square feet. We rounded out our new openings
for the year with Premium Outlets Montréal, our second Premium Outlets center in Canada, which opened in October with more than 80 stores in 365,000 square feet.
All in all, it was a busy but very satisfying year for us on the new development front and I’m pleased to say that all of these new assets are performing well.
Redevelopment and Expansion
We continue to invest in many of our top properties to enhance
their market position, to enrich the shopping experience for consumers and to reinforce Simon as the destination of choice for both our shoppers and our retailers.
Malls: We completed several notable mall expansions during the year. At St. Johns Town Center in Jacksonville, Florida, we added a 138,000 square foot two-level Nordstrom and 34,000 square feet of additional retail shops. At Stanford Shopping Center, Northern California’s premier open-air shopping and dining destination, we completed the relocation of a 120,000 square foot Bloomingdale’s and will redesign the former Bloomingdale’s space to accom- modate 120,000 square feet of new retailers and restaurants. At Lenox Square in Atlanta, the premier shop- ping destination in the Southeast, we created a new exterior
façade, including a new marquee entrance, as well as adding new retailers and restaurants. We also completed the addition of a luxury residential complex at Southdale Center in Edina (Minneapolis), Minnesota. Enhancements and additions like these make our great real estate even better, and continue to make our centers the place to
be for everything from shopping to dining to living.
Other significant expansion projects continue in 2015 at a number of our iconic properties. An expansion
Left: Sawgrass Mills, Sunrise (Miami), Florida
Top Right:
The Forum Shops at Caesars,
Las Vegas, Nevada
Bottom Right:
Lenox Square, Atlanta, Georgia
at Roosevelt Field in Garden City, New York will accommodate the addition of Neiman Marcus and
a number of other luxury retailers and upscale restaurants; the transformation of Del Amo Fashion Center in Torrance, California, will add Nordstrom and provide a more upscale environment for this well- located property. At The Galleria
in Houston, Saks Fifth Avenue will relocate, building a new flagship store opening in 2016 and we will reformat the former Saks store
to add more luxury retailers and restaurants. It’s all about improving the product! The total investment of just the assets I mentioned is over $1 billion and this investment will generate attractive returns.
Premium Outlets: Several expansions were completed within the Premium Outlets global portfo- lio. In the U.S., a 50-store, 147,000 square foot expansion of Desert Hills Premium Outlets opened in April making one of the most productive and well-known outlet centers in North America even more exciting. In November, we opened a 72,000 square foot expansion in Japan at Toki Premium Outlets as well as a 55,000 square foot expansion at Premium Outlets Punta Norte in Mexico City. Redevelopment and expansion projects that include enhancements such as additional retail space, upgraded dining pavil- ions, additional parking and other amenities are ongoing this year at
   SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, INC.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Year ended December 31,
(dollars in millions, except per share figures)
Consolidated Revenue
Funds from Operations (FFO)
FFO Per Share (Diluted)
Net Income Per Share (Diluted)
Dividends Per Share
Common Stock Price at December 31
Total Equity Capitalization
Total Market Capitalization(1)
(1) Includes our share of consolidated and joint venture debt.
$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
2013
4,544 3,206 8.85 4.24
4.65 152.16 55,225 84,747
  CONSOLIDATED REVENUE
$ in billions
FFO PER DILUTED SHARE
DIVIDENDS PER DILUTED SHARE
EQUITY MARKET CAPITALIZATION
$ in billions
                    10 11 12 13 14
10 11 12 13 14
10 11 12 13 14
10 11 12 13 14
This annual report contains a number of forward-looking statements. For more information, refer to the company’s fourth quarter and full-year 2014 results and SEC filings on our website at investors.simon.com. This report also references non-GAAP financial measures including funds from operations, or FFO, and net operating income, or NOI. These financial measures are commonly used in the real estate industry and we believe they provide useful information to investors when used in conjunction with GAAP measures. For a definition of FFO and reconciliations of each of the non-GAAP measures used in this report to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, refer to the company’s fourth quarter and full-year 2014 results, SEC filings and Non-GAAP Reconciliations section under Financial Information at investors.simon.com.
 TOTAL RETURN PERFORMANCE
300 250 200 150 100 50
$280.92
$218.16 $205.14
12/31/14
Simon Property Group, Inc.
FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index
S&P 500 Index
12/31/13
$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
2014
4,871 3,235 8.90 4.52 5.15 182.11 66,303 93,436
         12/31/09
12/31/10
12/31/11
12/31/12
   YEAR-END
2014 ANNUAL RETURN
31.2% 30.1% 13.7%
COMPOUND ANNUAL RETURN
3-YEAR 5-YEAR
17.9% 22.9% 16.3% 16.9% 20.4% 15.5%
  2009 2010 2011
2012
$ 216.14 $163.60 $136.30
2013
$ 214.14 $ 167.63 $180.44
2014
$280.92 $ 218.16 $ 205.14
   Simon Property Group, Inc. FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index S&P 500 Index
$100.00 $128.42 $100.00 $127.96 $100.00 $115.06
$ 171.52 $138.57 $ 117.49
 The line graph above compares the percentage change in the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock as compared to the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Index and the FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index for the period December 31, 2009 through December 31, 2014. The graph assumes an investment of $100 on December 31, 2009, a reinvestment of dividends and actual increase in the market value of the common stock relative to an initial investment of $100. The comparisons in this table are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance.
 v
  2014 ANNUAL REPORT
$3.38 $3.73
$5.03 $6.89
$2.60 $3.50
$35.2 $45.8
$4.26 $4.54
$4.10 $4.65
$57.3 $55.2
$4.87
$7.98 $8.85
$8.90
$5.15
$66.3

 vi
several of our top domestic outlets including the world’s largest and most productive outlet, Woodbury Common Premium Outlets in
New York, as well as Las Vegas North Premium Outlets and San Francisco Premium Outlets. In Asia, expansions are underway at Yeoju Premium Outlets in Korea and Shisui Premium Outlets in Japan. We expect a very busy and rewarding year with these ongoing projects, and it’s all connected to our familiar theme to improve our product.
The Mills: We continue to identify selective redevelopment and expansion projects to enhance The Mills portfolio. During the year, we completed projects at Potomac Mills (Washington, DC metro area) and Great Mall in Milipitas (San Jose), California. We started construction on an expan- sion of Sawgrass Mills in Sunrise (Miami), Florida, which includes an addition of 56,000 square feet to The Colonnade — the luxury outlet component of the leading shopping center in Florida.
In total, we have redevelopment and expansion projects underway at 27 properties in the U.S. and Asia at a cost of approximately $1.8 billion. We continue to anticipate a healthy pipeline of redevelopment and expansion opportunities for the next few years and we expect to fund future redevelopment and expansion growth opportunities with our annual free cash flow.
2015 Focus
(Improving our Product
and Profitability)
We are committed to providing our shoppers and retailers with unparalleled service in a dynamic environment that distinguishes our properties from other alternatives. In 2015, this will include the integration of recently acquired properties,
as well as continued investment in new development, redevelopment and expansion projects.
PRODUCT
New Development
In 2015, we expect four new prop- erties to be completed in North America: Gloucester Premium Outlets in New Jersey, serving the greater Philadelphia metropolitan area; Tucson Premium Outlets; Tampa Premium Outlets; and Vancouver Designer Outlet in
Vancouver, Canada. All four of these properties are addressing unmet consumer demand for top brands at value pricing in dynamic, growing markets.
On the full-price retail side, we expect to begin construction on our first new development project in the last several years. We are excited to bring The Shops at Clearfork, a new 500,000 square foot, mixed-use shopping destination anchored by Neiman Marcus to Ft. Worth, Texas. Construction is expected to begin this spring with a planned grand opening in early 2017.
Redevelopment and Expansion
Our redevelopment pipeline remains robust across all of our property platforms, and we will continue to identify strategic opportunities to enhance our properties.
Branding
We provided you with a glimpse into our new branding in last year’s annual report and completed the full rollout of our new look last year. Our new brand is modern, refined and aspir- ational, with a distinct look and feel across all of our platforms. Our brand story promotes fashion, discovery and community—  k  ey elements that define our company and the type of
experiences consumers can expect in our shopping destinations.
Engaging with the Consumer
The mall is much more than just shopping. It has evolved into a unique, social destination for family and friends to enjoy dining and en- tertainment within their community. We continue to improve our product offerings to consumers through
a wider variety of dining options, including the addition of healthy choices and local concepts, as well as other enhancements such as comfortable common area seating/ gathering places, children’s play areas, Wi-Fi, and exclusive event programming, all contributing to a superior experience that can’t be found anywhere else. First-of-a-kind event programming launched during the year included LOOKBOOK Live, a fashion program developed in collaboration with Glamour
and GQ magazines that spanned print, digital, social media and live events and The Shopping Block, an experiential fashion marketplace developed in collaboration with Refinery29 and inspired by the millennial approach to shopping. We will continue to expand the scope of our amenities and deliver compelling programming that builds stronger bonds with our consumers.
Top: As part of Simon’s brand refresh, new, fashion focused programs were held at multiple locations.
Left Middle:
Fresh, creative and engaging events build stronger bonds with consumers.
Left Bottom:
Shoppers received style advice
from experts at LOOKBOOK
Live events.
Bottom Right:
The Shopping Block brought local designers into Simon shopping centers in pop-up shops.
       SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, INC.

Omni-channel Retailing
I remain frustrated by the continued narrative in the mainstream media around the perceived impending obsolescence of the mall. The importance of the mall and brick and mortar shopping remains strong and unabated. Again, all you have to do is look at our results to reinforce this fact. According to a study per- formed by AT Kearney, a leading global consulting firm, more than 95% of retail sales are captured by retailers with a brick and mortar presence. Shopping is a journey and consumers find physical stores appealing because, at its core, shopping remains a sensory experience. Successful retailing is about giving customers what they want, whatever it is, whenever and wherever they want it. In order
to satisfy shoppers, successful retailers will require physical stores backed by digital capabilities. We actively support our centers through multiple forms of digital engagement with the consumer, ranging from our “connected mall,” a new interactive directory to enhance the mall shopping experience, to special offers directed to consumers through our online retailer showcase, to investments in emerging tech- nologies and services that support our retailers’ omni-channel efforts. Our research and development investments in new technologies that enhance the shopper experience and aid retailers will continue as we define and create the mall of the future. I am confident that the mall (your mall) will remain the focal point of retail. The recent move from desktop to mobile and from pure e-retailers to opening stores, only reinforces the impor- tance of the physical location for engaging with the retailer’s brand. As we continue to move aggres- sively in bringing technology into the mall world, I am convinced this narrative will change!
Our Strategy
Our long-term strategy remains unchanged. While straightforward, our commitment to high-level execution continues to serve us and our stockholders well:
• Focus on improving our product and profitability
• Focus on the ownership of high-quality retail real estate
• Increase our presence in major metropolitan markets
• Own assets along the full price spectrum of retail real estate
“Shopping is a journey and consumers still find physical stores appealing because, at its core, shopping remains a sensory experience.”
    • Lead the industry in successful and profitable acquisitions
• Lead the industry in promoting the “Mall as a Marketing Medium” and connecting with our community and consumer
• Export our expertise and “know how” internationally
We remain committed to this strategy as the best path to achieving continued business success and consistently strong financial performance, with ever-increasing dividends.
Every day, I have the honor of working alongside our talented employees who push the envelope of excellence to make Simon everything it is today. We share
a passion for our extraordinary company, as well as an excitement for the future. They deserve the highest acclaim and will always have my sincere gratitude.
I also want to thank our Board of Directors for their service, duty and loyalty.
Top: Woodbury Common Premium Outlets, Central Valley (New York),
New York
I look forward to another excellent year in 2015. On behalf of everyone at Simon Property Group, I thank you for your continued support and assure you that we will continue to challenge ourselves to set the standard for excellence in retail real estate, to make a positive impact in the communities in which we operate, and to deliver the kind
of results you, our stockholders, have come to expect from us. Please take the time to visit any of our properties (and shop!) and, as always, I welcome your comments and feedback.
In closing...“We are Simon.”
David Simon
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
March 3, 2015
    vii
2014 ANNUAL REPORT
