FROm tHE cEO
2006 was an outstanding
year for our Company. We generated strong financial and operational results, successfully completed several new development projects, expanded our development and redevelopment pipeline, continued to strengthen our balance sheet, and generated a total return to our stockholders of 37%.
Financial Highlights
c Consolidated revenue increased 5.2% to $3.332 billion from $3.167 billion in 2005.
c Funds from operations increased 8.9% to $1.537 billion from $1.411 billion in 2005. On a diluted per share basis, the increase was 8.7% to $5.39 from $4.96.
c Net income available to common stockholders increased 21.0% to $486.1 million from $401.9 million in 2005. On a diluted per share basis the increase was 20.3% to $2.19 from $1.82.
c Comparable net operating income (“NOI”), the most comprehensive measure of operating performance of our properties, increased a robust 5.0% for our regional mall portfolio and 5.1% at our Premium Outlets.
Operational Highlights
Strong operational results were achieved throughout each of our four retail real estate platforms:
Regional Malls
Comparable sales were up 5.8% to $476 per square foot in our mall
portfolio of 171 properties comprising nearly 64 million square feet of small shop space. We increased occupancy in the mall portfolio to 93.2% in 2006, in spite of an increase in square footage lost to bankruptcies and store closures.
Premium Outlet Centers
Comparable sales increased 6.1% to $471 per square foot in our U.S. Pre- mium Outlet portfolio of 36 centers comprising 13.9 million square feet. The portfolio remains effectively fully occupied at 99.4%.
Comparable sales increased 5.2% in our Premium Outlets in Japan in 2006 and the portfolio is fully occupied.
Community/Lifestyle Centers
Comparable sales in our community/ lifestyle center portfolio of 69 properties were slightly higher than in the year earlier period and occupancy increased 160 basis points to 93.2%.
International Properties
Comparable sales increased 2.9% in our European shopping centers for
the year. Occupancy declined 100
basis points, to 97.1% at December
31, 2006, primarily as a result of remerchandising activities underway at several centers and the opening of two new shopping centers late in the year.
Other 2006 Highlights
c The uniqueness of our multi-platform structure is best evidenced by our 2006 new project openings. We successfully completed and opened 7 new developments:
Regional Mall
Coconut Point in Estero, Florida
David Simon, chief Executive Officer
Premium Outlet Centers
Round Rock Premium Outlets in Round Rock (Austin), Texas
Rio Grande Valley Premium Outlets in Mercedes, Texas
Community/Lifestyle Center
The Shops at Arbor Walk in Austin, Texas
International Properties
Wasquehal Shopping Center in Wasquehal (Lille), France
Giugliano Shopping Center in Giugliano (Naples), Italy
Arena Shopping Center in Gliwice, Poland
c We identified a development and redevelopment pipeline in excess
of $5 billion to be constructed from 2007 to 2010. This pipeline will be a significant driver of future growth for our company.
c We were upgraded by Standard
& Poor’s to A- and by Moody’s
to A3, the highest ratings in our company’s history and the highest among U.S. real estate companies, reflecting the strength of our financial position.
 annual Report 006
  
 Simon Property Group headquarters building in downtown Indianapolis, Indiana – All Indianapolis operations were consolidated in a new state-of-the-art office building in the summer of 2006. As a result of development and construction cost control and a favorable interest rate environment, we were successful in constructing and operating this building at an annual cash outlay comparable to the previously paid annual office rent.
 Simon Property Group, Inc.
 Dividends and Stockholder Returns
In February of 2006, the Company’s Board of Directors increased the annual common stock dividend from $2.80 to $3.04 per share, an 8.6% increase. Based upon solid results in 2006 and a positive outlook for 2007, in February of 2007 the dividend was increased by another 10.5%, to $3.36 per share.
Our common stock price increased 32% in 2006, to close the year at $101.29. The 2006 total return to stockholders, including dividends, was 37%. Over the last five years, our dividends have increased by 46% and our total return to stockholders was approximately 350%.
The Mills Corporation
On February 16, 2007, we announced that a joint venture between an entity owned by us and funds managed by Farallon Capital Management, L.L.C., a leading investment firm, entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire The Mills Corporation (“The Mills”) for $25.25 per common share in cash. The total value of the transaction is approximately $1.64 billion for all of the outstanding common stock and common units not owned by The Mills, and approximately $7.3 billion including the assumption of debt and preferred stock. The acquisition of The Mills is to be initiated through a cash tender offer, which has commenced.
Completion of the tender offer will be subject to the receipt of valid tenders for at least a majority of The Mills’ common shares and the satisfaction of other customary conditions.
I believe that The Mills properties are an excellent strategic fit with our existing retail platforms and they present a compelling opportunity
for the stockholders of Simon, the Farallon investors and The Mills’ existing joint venture partners. We are confident that our significant experience operating both regional malls and outlet centers, substantial resources, previous ownership interest in certain Mills properties and history of successful acquisitions, together

with Farallon’s financial resources and expertise, will allow us to improve the performance of The Mills assets.
The Mills portfolio is comprised
of two distinctive types of assets
– regional malls and the traditional Mills properties. Upon completion of the proposed acquisition of The Mills, we plan to integrate the 18 regional malls into our regional mall platform and existing infrastructure. We believe that our resources, both human and capital, can improve the operations and cash flow of these assets. In addition, several of the malls provide redevelopment opportunities that The Mills was unable to execute as a result of its capital constraints.
The 17 traditional Mills properties will become our fifth retail real estate platform. A Mills property is large, comprising well over one million square feet of gross leasable area (“GLA”) – with a combination of traditional mall, outlet center, and big box retailers and entertainment uses – all focused on delivering value for the consumer. These assets are well-located in major metropolitan markets, have considerable consumer brand equity and large trade areas, and generate significant total sales volumes. We believe that our industry-leading presence in the regional mall and Premium Outlet sectors and our substantial retailer relationships should enable us to improve these properties. We plan
to manage the traditional Mills properties as a separate platform, but will utilize resources from all of our platforms in an effort to maximize results.
Simon Headquarters
We completed the move into our new office building in the summer of 2006, consolidating all of our Indianapolis operations into one location. The new building has been very well-received by our employees as well as the
City of Indianapolis. We are proud
of our new headquarters and on the following pages you will find photos of our people in our new state-of-the-art work environment.
Creativity and
Organizational Strength
For the past two years, I have challenged our organization to be creative in all of our development and redevelopment activities. Recently,
I had the opportunity to visit our
two latest development projects, Coconut Point in Estero, Florida
and The Domain in Austin, Texas, and I witnessed first-hand just how creative and effective our people can be. Coconut Point and The Domain are world class developments that were extremely well-executed. The focus and energy applied to these projects was outstanding and bodes well for the future success of our $5 billion development and redevelopment pipeline.
One of our organizational strengths is the depth and quality of our management team. I asked each of
our platform leaders to provide an overview of their 2006 activities and 2007 priorities. On the following pages you will find letters from
Rick Sokolov, Les Chao, Michael E. McCarty and Hans Mautner, in which they provide their thoughts. Our chief financial officer, Steve Sterrett, provides a review of our balance sheet and capital market activities.
Outlook
2006 was another successful year
for Simon Property Group as we outperformed the S&P 500 Index for the seventh consecutive year and the Morgan Stanley REIT Index for the sixth consecutive year. We are proud of this record, however, our Company’s attitude is to never rest on our laurels, but instead to focus on the future.
Our portfolio of high-quality, highly-productive retail real estate
assets and strong balance sheet position us well for a profitable 2007, and we will continue to pursue a multi-faceted growth strategy which is focused on:
c Increasing profitability of our existing portfolio (including the addition of non-retail components and the expansion of the mall as a marketing medium)
c Developing high quality assets across the U.S. retail real estate spectrum
c Creating value from the expected Mills transaction and;
c Expanding our international presence
I believe a testament to our unique multiple platform development expertise is that in 2007 we will open an open-air luxury regional mall in Austin, Texas (recently opened and doing great); a Premium Outlet near Philadelphia; a community shopping center in McAllen, Texas (near our very successful mall and Premium Outlet); as well as upscale outlet centers in Kobe, Japan and Seoul, South Korea and three enclosed shopping centers in Italy (in Milan, Naples, and Rome). No other real estate company has this breadth of product type and geographic reach.
In closing, I would like to thank my colleagues at Simon Property Group for their many contributions to our success, our Board of Directors for their continued guidance, and our stockholders for their ongoing support and encouragement.
David Simon, Chief Executive Officer March 19, 2007
 annual Report 006
 