Fellow Shareholders,
Enhancing Copy and Print
Growing copy and print remains one of our top strategic priorities. We see enormous opportunity to grow our share in this highly fragmented market. In 2015, we grew copy and print sales in stores and online in North America. Our copy and print account managers continued to drive strong business customer acquisition. We drove traffic to our stores and websites through an expanded assortment and sharp pricing in categories like signs, banners, and business cards. We’ve also seen good momentum in services like shredding, shipping, and direct mail. In 2014, we acquired PNI Digital Media, a software company that improves our offering of personalized products and provides an in-house capability to unify copy and print across all channels. In 2015, we successfully integrated the PNI platform into our copy and print business, and PNI technology will improve the customer experience in stores and online while accelerating sales and earnings growth.
Improving Our Omnichannel Offering
Over the past few years we have improved the customer experience by bringing together the strengths of our retail stores and websites to create an unmatched omnichannel offering.
In 2015, we drove double-digit omnichannel growth and generated nearly $500 million of sales through our in-store staples.com kiosks and our click and collect features like
Buy Online, Pick up in Store. We also enhanced the Contract customer experience on StaplesAdvantage.com with the addition of key omnichannel features like Print to Store and
Buy Online, Pick up in Store. Customers have embraced the ease of our omnichannel experience, and we’re building on our momentum. We are testing Ship from Store as a way to further improve the customer experience, manage inventory more efficiently, and position us for same-day delivery. Early results are very encouraging and we plan to expand this capability throughout 2016.
Reducing Costs and Streamlining Our Organization
The investments we’ve made to transform Staples have been funded by aggressive cost reductions. At the end of 2015 we wrapped up our two-year global cost reduction program. I’m pleased to report that we exceeded our goal and achieved approximately $550 million of annualized cost reductions. Over the past two years we’ve reduced product costs, eliminated expenses in our retail stores, achieved efficiencies in our supply chain, and streamlined our European operations. We also simplified our organization in late 2015, creating a structure that will speed up decision making, reduce expenses, and provide financial flexibility to continue investing in our best growth ideas in 2016 and beyond.
Eliminating Excess Retail Capacity
We completed our two-year store closure program at the
end of 2015 as we evolved our retail network to meet the changing needs of customers. Our initial goal was to close up to 225 stores. We closed 242 stores in North America in 2014
 At Staples we help businesses succeed. This vision guides us in everything we do. In 2015, the Staples team continued to evolve to meet the changing needs of our customers – from the home office to the global
enterprise. We grew in key categories beyond office supplies. We achieved sales and earnings growth in North American Contract and staples.com. We enhanced our copy and print capabilities, and we improved our omnichannel offering. We also improved efficiency and preserved profitability by reducing costs, streamlining our organization, and eliminating excess retail capacity. I’m proud of all we accomplished in 2015, but we have more work to do to get back to total company sales and earnings growth.
Growing Beyond Office Supplies
Today, Staples generates $21 billion in annual sales. More than $10 billion of our revenue comes from categories beyond office supplies. These categories drive our long-term growth. Over the past few years we have increased our scale and credibility beyond office supplies. We have also sharpened pricing. During 2015, we achieved solid growth in facilities supplies, copy and print services, breakroom supplies, furniture, and promotional products. This growth was offset by continued weakness in business technology, ink and toner, and paper.
Driving Growth in North American Contract
In 2015, we made great progress transforming our North American Contract business. Over the past few years, we’ve responded to the changing needs of customers by adding nearly 300 category specialists to drive growth beyond office supplies. This investment drove double-digit growth in facilities supplies, breakroom supplies, and promotional products during 2015. We also invested to improve the online experience for customers by redesigning StaplesAdvantage.com, our Contract website. The new site is faster, optimized for business customers, and designed to sell categories beyond office supplies. We also enhanced our mobile app to accommodate the increasingly mobile workforce.
Balancing Sales and Earnings Growth in Staples.com
After two years of heavy investment in staples.com, we got back to sales and earnings growth in 2015. We also improved and simplified the customer experience with a redesigned staples.com. The new site is built for computers, tablets, and smartphones and offers improved search capabilities and a more personalized experience. These improvements supported increased customer conversion throughout 2015. We also changed our marketing strategy in 2015, focusing on profitable promotions with small business customers. While this change was a headwind to staples.com sales, it was a key driver of our increased profitability year over year.

and 2015 combined. At the same time, we eliminated excess retail capacity through store downsizes and relocations. Our small format store is about half the size of a traditional office superstore, and generates more than 90% of the revenue that we generate in a big box. In 2015, we downsized and relocated 38 stores, bringing our small format store count to 91 across the chain. In 2016, we’ll continue to reduce excess retail square footage. We plan to close approximately 50 stores and continue downsizing and relocating stores to our small format.
Office Depot Acquisition
In early 2015, we announced the acquisition of Office
Depot. The acquisition will create significant value for our customers and our shareholders. Over the past year, we’ve received regulatory approval in Australia, New Zealand, China, and 23 countries in Europe. Unfortunately, the United States Federal Trade Commission and the Canadian Competition Bureau have challenged the merger. The FTC argues that the transaction would lead to the largest companies in the world paying higher prices for office products. In fact, we have committed to reinvest a significant portion of the merger synergies in lower prices for all customers. The FTC’s argument is based on a flawed analysis of the marketplace and a deep misunderstanding of the competitive landscape. While this has been a surprisingly long and frustrating road, our commitment to the acquisition has not changed. In early 2016, we litigated the Federal Trade Commission’s decision in federal court. We were pleased to have a full and fair judicial review as we fight to complete the acquisition. As I write this letter we are eagerly awaiting the court’s decision.
2016 Priorities
Our key priorities for 2016 are critical for Staples to succeed, either as a standalone company or combined with Office Depot. We have narrowed our focus on three priorities to build on our success, and address areas where we have more
work to do. First, we’ll accelerate growth in categories beyond office supplies. Second, we’ll work to expand our mid-market business in Contract. Third, we’ll improve customer traffic in stores and online. We have a solid plan to get back to earnings growth in 2016.
This year, Staples will celebrate its 30th anniversary. As we celebrate our many successes over the decades, we should take a moment to reflect on the history of our great company, and its founder, Tom Stemberg, who passed away in 2015. Tom was a visionary entrepreneur who always led by example and created a global industry. I will always remember Tom
for his great energy, tremendous passion, and, most of all, his caring nature.
I’d like to thank our Board of Directors for their leadership
and ongoing commitment. Our Board upholds the highest standards in corporate governance and has a proven track record of consistently responding to shareholder feedback. Row Moriarty and Basil Anderson will retire from our Board
at our 2016 annual meeting after 30 years and 19 years of service respectively. Raul Vazquez will not stand for reelection to our Board after three years of service. I’d like to thank
Row, Basil, and Raul for their unique perspectives and
many contributions to our company. I’m pleased that we are nominating three highly qualified individuals to join our Board of Directors. Curtis Feeny is Managing Director of Voyager Capital. Deb Henretta is the former Group President of Procter & Gamble E-Business. John Lundgren is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. Curtis, Deb, and John bring fresh perspectives and a wealth of diverse experiences and we are excited to welcome each of them
to our Board.
I’d also like to thank Demos Parneros, who left the company in early 2016 after 28 years of dedicated service. Demos played a critical role in making Staples the leader in our industry and he developed many of our company’s strongest leaders.
In closing, I’d like to thank our customers, suppliers, and shareholders for their continued trust in Staples. I’d also like to recognize our associates around the world for their hard work and commitment. We got a lot done in 2015. In 2016, we will build on our success and continue bringing our vision to life as we help businesses succeed.
Sincerely,
Ron Sargent
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer April 2016
                      