Fellow Shareholders, During 2012, Staples achieved sales of $24 billion, healthy margins, and solid free cash flow. We also remained committed to returning excess cash to our shareholders and returned $743 million through dividends and share repurchases. While our results were stable, they came in short of our expectations. We're not satisfied and we have to do better. Today, businesses of all sizes continue to rely on Staples, just as they have for decades. However, what businesses need from us and how they buy from us have changed. Customers that once only needed paper, ink and toner now need tablets, smartphones, services, and expertise to help them succeed. Customers that once only shopped in our stores now want the convenience of mobile shopping and fast delivery. At Staples, we see enormous opportunities in these changing customer needs. Over the past year, we've been working hard to identify our best growth opportunities and build a strategic plan to aggressively pursue them. The result is a simple vision: Every product your business needs to succeed. During 2012, we announced several significant changes to accelerate growth, reshape our business, and better meet the needs of our customers. Our growth plans include four key priorities. First, we're expanding our assortment with new categories and building a marketplace to establish Staples as the single-source product authority for businesses. This growth priority is in response to feedback from our customers, who tell us they wish Staples offered more products. Facilities and Breakroom is a great example of our ability to drive rapid growth in a category beyond office supplies. A few years ago, we expanded our offering, lowered our prices, and invested in training. As a result, we drove double-digit growth and generated $1.8 billion of global sales in this category during 2012. Our second priority is to accelerate growth in our online business. Staples is already one of the world's largest Internet retailers with over $10 billion of annual online sales, giving us a strong foundation to build on. We've significantly increased investment in this area over the past few years. We've improved the functionality and user experience of our website, evolved our digital marketing strategies, and lowered prices in key categories to drive demand. In 2012, we also launched an eCommerce innovation center in Cambridge, Massachusetts with a team focused on developing and enhancing our eCommerce and mobile commerce capabilities. Third, customers have told us they want increased flexibility and consistency. We have already launched many omni-channel capabilities, including in-store kiosks, an award-winning mobile website, a website customized for tablets, and the ability to pick up online orders in our stores. But we're going much further, and much faster. A few months ago, we combined our North American Retail segment and Staples.com to reorganize around our customers and create a seamless experience that will allow them to shop how and when they want. Fourth, we're accelerating the growth of product-related services. Copy & Print and Technology Services are great examples where we're building critical mass. Over the past few years, we've taken action to differentiate our service offering. We've remodeled stores, invested in training and quality, added a Copy & Print sales force, expanded our assortment, and simplified our technology services offering. As a result, we've achieved sustainable top-line growth in both of these high-margin businesses. To build on our momentum, we're improving cross-channel coordination, better aligning around our customers, and increasing investment to accelerate growth.

At the same time, we're funding our growth by reshaping our business and reducing costs. During 2012, we went through a rigorous cost reduction analysis and built a plan to achieve $250 million in annual pre-tax savings by 2015. Our biggest opportunities to drive savings are in areas like product costs, indirect procurement, store operations and supply chain, and we've already started to aggressively go after these opportunities. We made progress on our plan to reduce retail square footage in North America by 15 percent. We restructured our European operations in 2012 by closing 15 percent of our stores, significantly reducing headcount, and announcing plans to sell our European Printings Systems business. We also successfully raised $1 billion of debt at very favorable interest rates and used the proceeds to pay off over $600 million of high-interest debt. Our vision is powerful because it's based on things that Staples is already doing well. We have deep relationships with more than 10 million business customers who trust the Staples brand. We have significant buying power and decades of product expertise, including our Staples brand offering. We have world-class delivery capabilities that provide next-day delivery to 98 percent of North America, an expansive retail network, and a strong online presence. We have healthy cash flows to invest in growth. And most importantly, we have a world-class team of talented associates dedicated to serving our customers. I'm looking forward to 2013, and I'm energized by the opportunities ahead of us. In closing, I would like to thank our customers, suppliers, and other stakeholders for their continued trust in Staples. I'd also like to thank our Board of Directors for its strong leadership and support and to recognize Mike Miles, who recently left our company after 10 years of outstanding service. I'm also pleased that we are nominating Raul Vazquez to join our Board of Directors. Raul, Chief Executive Officer of Progreso Financiero, previously served as the head of global eCommerce at Walmart and brings a wealth of online and retail industry knowledge. Finally, I'd like to thank our associates for their hard work and commitment during 2012 and for going above and beyond to meet the needs of our customers every day.

Ron Sargent Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer April 2013

