                 Fellow Shareholders:
When we entered 2009, Staples’ 91,000 associates stood ready to weather one of the most difficult years
in our company’s 24 year history. We knew our recession plan was working, and we stuck to it. Simply put, we took care of customers, we hunkered down on expenses, and we never stopped investing in growth ideas.
As 2009 drew to a close, we were heartened to see our business getting back to growing again. In the last quarter of the year, many encouraging signs underscored the health and momentum of our businesses.
In North America, our retail business returned to positive sales territory, Staples Business Delivery grew sales for the first time in six quarters, our Contract business showed nice signs of recovery, and our European business began to gain some traction.
As a result, we ended the year with sales of $24 billion, maintained very healthy margins, and drove record free cash flow of $1.8 billion.
In North American Delivery, we did a great job winning and retaining new customers, improved our websites and supply chain, and invested in growing several adjacent categories to become a one stop shop for all our customers’ needs.
In North American Retail, we opened a new store per week, improved our assortment and price impression for core office products, and laid a solid foundation for growth in technology services and our copy & print business. We improved profits despite sales declining for the year, and achieved record customer service scores.
In our International business, we moved forward with building one global Staples brand, implemented a regional structure to streamline our European business, invested in high growth markets in Asia and South America, and strengthened the leadership team across the board.
We also faced plenty of challenges. Customers around the world continued to spend cautiously and cut back on discretionary purchases. We also lost more money than we expected in our European Printing Systems business and in
China, which weighed heavily on the profitability of our International business.
One noteworthy area where our performance was even better than we expected was the integration of Corporate Express. When we acquired
the business, we knew it would be transformational for Staples, and that integrating the two companies would require tremendous effort and focus.
In North America, we hit our targets for buying synergies and improved account profitability. We rationalized our assortment and combined the Corporate Express and Staples brands. We integrated our sales force
and our transportation network. While the integration efforts in Europe started more recently, we’ve also made good progress on many fronts, including supplier negotiations, restructuring plans, and
rebranding initiatives.

                 As we look forward, we’re excited about our opportunities in 2010. While we’re not planning for a
big economic recovery this year, we do plan on getting back to growing both the top and bottom lines. In North American Retail, we’ll continue to open stores and find new ways to grow core office supplies. We’re also going to make investments in attractive categories where we have low market share, like business technology and copy & print. To succeed in these categories, we need to think differently about how we serve our customers. This year we’ll invest in people, training, and store remodels to become a more credible player in these areas.
The North American Delivery team has already developed a more complete offering, including promotional products, furniture, printing, facilities and breakroom supplies, and technology. In 2010, we’re going to make an even bigger push into these adjacent categories where our customers want us to provide them with solutions. Our 2010 goals also include accomplishing major milestones on the Corporate Express integration, with a strong focus on our supply chain network.
In our International business, our primary goal is to take a big step forward in improving its profitability
in 2010. We’ve already done a lot of the heavy lifting with our integration efforts, and we expect to see
the benefits of our restructuring program and global buying this year. We’ll also build our mid-market Contract offering in Europe, to mirror our success in North America in this attractive segment of the market.
All the work we’ve done to respond to our customers’ needs positions us well to drive growth in our core office supplies business, while taking the company in new directions. As Staples evolves to take advantage of these new opportunities, we’ll go up against a broader set of competitors around the world. To win, we’ll stay true to our proven formula for success: take care of customers, strive for consistent execution, and invest wisely in growth ideas.
In closing, I would like to thank our customers, suppliers, and stakeholders for their continued trust, and recognize Staples’ Board of Directors for their leadership and support. In particular, I want to pay tribute to Marty Trust, who retired from our Board last year after 22 years of outstanding service. Marty, one of the earliest investors in Staples, served for many years as our lead director and was a great mentor to me personally. His commitment and passion played an important role in building the culture and growth strategies behind Staples’ success.
Most importantly, I’d like to recognize Staples associates around the world for staying focused and taking great care of customers during a tough year. I’ve never been more confident that we have the right people and the right plan to take full advantage of the opportunities ahead of us.
Ron Sargent
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer April 2010
 