Fellow Shareholders, At Staples, we take great pride in our consistent execution and our ability to evolve and meet the changing needs of f our customers. Throughout our 25 year history we've succeeded by setting aggressive goals, acquiring and retaining customers, and being accountable for our performance. We took k the same approach in 2011 and made progress on many of f our key initiatives, despite the challenging economic environment. In 2011, we grew sales to $25 billion, drove eight percent earnings growth, and generated $1.2 billion in free cash flow. We returned nearly $900 million to shareholders through dividends and share ust under $400 million in capita expenditures to further differentiate our ng financial results were solid, we continue to work k hard and press our any for long term growth. In North American Delivery, we did a good job with customer acquisition and retention and were once again recognized for our industry leading customer service. We made big investments to improve the functionality, performance and usability of f Staples.com. These have helped to provide a better customer experience and build top-line momentum in this business. Over the past few years, we've invested in marketing, pricing, associate training, and an expanded assortment in adjacent categories like facilities and breakroom supplies. These are starting to pay off. During 2011, we achieved double-digit sales growth in the facilities and breakroom category and ended the year with an $800 million business in North American Delivery. We're in the fina innings of f the Corporate Express integration. During 2011, we completed our warehouse systems integration in North America and began the process of f transitioning al of f our Contract customers over to our new and improved ordering platform, StaplesAdvantage.com. In North American Retail, we pulled back k on new store openings and increased our focus on improving the productivity y of f our r existing stores. We continued to make investments to become a leader r in copy y and print, business technology y and technology y services. In copy y and print, we broadened our r assortment and improved the quality of f our offering. We also expanded our copy and print sales force to build on our low single-digit market share in this category. Over the past two years we've remodeled the technology area in more than half f of f our stores to improve how we sell and service technology products. This helped to drive strong sales growth in categories like tablets and e-readers, as wel as our r EasyTech business during 2011. We also made a big push into the mobile phone business to address an essential need of f small business customers, and we now have a mobile department in 500 stores across the United States. In International Operations, we had a difficult year on both the top and bottom-line, and we did not make progress against our profit improvement plans. While the Internationa team did a good job controlling expenses, sales trends were much weaker r than we anticipated. We were impacted by y weak k performance in both our European Retai and Australian businesses, as well as headwinds from the European debt crisis. Despite the difficult trends, we continued to drive solid top-line performance in the European Contract business. Over the past two years, we've had great success with the launch of f our mid-market Contract offering in the United Kingdom, and during 2011 we introduced this concept in Germany. We also continued to reduce losses in emerging markets like China, and remain on a path to profitability. We expect the demand environment in Internationa Operations to remain soft throughout 2012. We'll continue to carefully manage expenses and focus on re-establishing our value proposition with small business customers, as we work hard to gain share in these highly fragmented markets.

During 2011, we also celebrated our 25th anniversary. We took k time to reflect on the history of f our company, but most importantly we spent time thinking about our future and how we'l continue to evolve with the changing needs of f our customers. Over the past year we've offset weakness in some of f our core categories with robust growth in categories beyond office supplies, and we're focused on accelerating this trend going forward. We'l enhance our r offering of f technology y products and services as we strive to become the only company small businesses turn to for expert technology advice and solutions. We'l provide customers who shop in our stores and on our web sites with a more seamless Staples experience. We'l leverage our r successes in North America to drive improved performance across our International Operations. We'l simplify our operating model and streamline our cost structure and ensure that Staples' culture is one that continues to encourage innovation, tenacity and frugality. We'll also remain committed to our sustainability strategy. We're proud of f our ability to have a beneficial impact on the environment while meeting the needs of f our customers. Our priorities include selling more sustainable products and services, offering easy recycling solutions, eliminating operational waste, maximizing energy efficiency, and becoming a sustainability leader in the global community. We know that we're strengthening our competitive position, gaining market share in our core business, and building momentum in categories beyond office supplies. Over time, we're confident that we'll continue to win by staying true to our proven formula for success: take care of f customers, strive for consistent execution, and invest wisely to drive long-term growth. In closing, I would like to thank k our customers, suppliers, and stakeholders for their continued trust. I'd like to thank k our Board of f Directors for their strong leadership and support. In particular I want to recognize Betsy Burton, who will retire from our Board in June 2012. Betsy was a strong leader and set a great example for the rest of f our Board. Her knowledge, expertise, and commitment to our company made Betsy an invaluable resource during her 19 years of f outstanding service. I'm also pleased that we are nominating Drew Faust to join our Board of f Directors. Drew, president of Harvard University, brings a unique perspective and experience leading a large and complex global organization. I'd also like to thank John Mahoney, who after 16 years as Staples' chief f financial officer transitioned out of f this role at the end of f 2011. John has been an integral member of my team, and I truly appreciate his commitment and support. Finally, I'd like to recognize our associates around the world for bringing to life our vision to be the world's most trusted source for office solutions.

Ron Sargent Chairman of f the Board and Chief f Executive Officer April 2012

