lETTER To SHAREHolDERS

gaining momentum
Six years ago we set out to build a new aerostructures company, leveraging over 75 years of experience in technology, design, and manufacturing capabilities. We've made good progress on building our company and implementing that strategy. We've followed our strategy and we've seen the company grow organically and through focused partnerships with new customers and a strategic acquisition.

A STRoNG CoRE BuSINESS
Our core business performed well in 2011. We were a $4.2 billion company in 2010, with strong underlying cash generation from our core programs. We finished 2011 with $4.9 billion in revenue. We design and build a range of aircraft structural products including fuselages, wings, and propulsion support hardware for the Boeing 737, 747, 767, and 777, and the Airbus A320 and A380. We have strong capabilities in both metallic and composite structures. We use largescale automation in our processes, and work closely with our customers to ensure we meet their requirements. These core products remain the backbone of Spirit's business, continuing to generate solid revenue, earnings, and cash for our company. Every Boeing airplane that takes off has Spirit hardware in it. Spirit has the highest level of delegated engineering authority of any of the Boeing structures partners, and we have life-of-program plus derivative contracts on these programs.

We added Airbus as a significant customer in 2006 when we acquired the BAE Aerostructures business. Since that time, we've expanded our relationship with Airbus. We have major responsibility on the A320, Airbus' most successful program, and we see continued strength in that program well into the next decade.

GRoWING BuSINESS WITH ouR CuSToMERS
Complex design and manufacturing have been our forte, and we've added to our capabilities. On the Boeing 787, we start with half-inch carbon fiber ribbon and take it to a final flight-capable cockpit with all systems installed. Our work on the SHIP SET DELIVERIES 787 demonstrates the value that we can bring to our customers.
978 1,029

Jeff Turner, President and Chief Executive Officer

From the beginning, we structured the company conservatively, to be able to weather the ups and downs of the airplane industry's business cycle. Our production has increased since our inception, with 2011 production rates continuing to rise and with a strong, large commercial aircraft outlook ahead. We've captured new business with new customers. We've invested heavily in the Boeing 787, the Airbus A350 XWB, and business-jet products. We have long-term agreements with our U.S. labor unions focused on keeping the company healthy.
In October 2011 Spirit UK delivered the A320 wing components ­ leading/trailing edges, spoilers, panels, and bearings ­ to Airbus UK in Broughton, Wales, which enabled Airbus to complete the build of their 5,000th A320 aircraft.

We're collaborating with Boeing on the design of the 787-9 derivative. We're working with our suppliers to ensure production ramp-up readiness. With cost reduction as our top priority on this program, we are intensely focused on productivity and efficiency improvements.
2008 2009 2007 2010

963

969

Spirit has grown our business with Airbus as a significant partner on the A350 XWB. We are responsible for the design and build of the A350 center fuselage section and wing front spar in a new state-of-theart composites facility located in Kinston,

2

2011

1,089

Spirit delivered the 1,000th Boeing 777 forward fuselage section in December 2011. The plane has been in production for 16 years. Boeing said the 777 reached the 1,000th unit faster than any other airplane in its class.

North Carolina. The fabricated center fuselage sections for initial production have been completed and shipped across the Atlantic to our assembly facility in Saint-Nazaire, France, to be joined before delivery to Airbus.

A SuSTAINED BACKloG STRENGTH
Despite the overall global economic conditions, our backlog has held at nearrecord levels over the past several years. In 2011, the large commercial backlog remained strong, as annual orders exceeded deliveries. The catalyst continues to be the strong demand for single-aisle products with growing demand for wide-body products as well. Our commercial airplanes backlog finished the year at approximately $32 billion.

DIvERSIFICATIoN PlATFoRMS
Spirit has diversified into the business and regional jet market and has established partnerships with some of the most recognized companies in the industry. The Gulfstream programs continue their progress as we build the production wings for the G280 and G650. The Mitsubishi Regional Jet and Bombardier CSeries, our engine pylon programs, are progressing well through the development stages. We also have moved into pure-military platforms and military derivatives of commercial airplanes. The Sikorsky CH-53K is our first pure-military product. We continue to work closely with Sikorsky to ensure we meet their schedule and technical needs and are prepared for future purchases. The P-8A Poseidon is the first military derivative product manufactured on the commercial production line. These diversification platforms with market-leading partners give us a competitive advantage.

site in Prestwick, Scotland. Our Spirit Malaysia site opened in 2009 and supports primarily composite assemblies. Our joint venture in Moscow provides us engineering design resources. Our Kinston, North Carolina, and SaintNazaire, France, sites support the Airbus A350 XWB. And our joint venture in Jinjiang, China, supports maintenance, repair, and overhaul work for Asia, primarily for our nacelle products. Repair stations in Wichita and Prestwick complete our worldwide Aftermarket services. In total, we have more than 15,000 Spirit employees and facilities of over 15 million square feet. We are well positioned to support the anticipated growth in commercial production. With operations in North America, Europe, and Asia, Spirit has developed manufacturing expertise and versatility worldwide. In addition to placing Aftermarket services close to the customer, being global allows us the flexibility to move work between locations as the need arises, thus making more efficient use of our manufacturing resources. Our ability to move work between locations better positions Spirit to create value for our customers, employees, communities, and shareholders.

In July 2011 the first test pylon for the Bombardier CSeries aircraft was completed in Spirit's Wichita facility. The CSeries pylon is the first non-Boeing pylon designed and assembled by Spirit. Bombardier awarded the contract to Spirit in 2009.

GloBAl FlEXIBIlITY
Spirit has expanded globally with strategic partners from around the world. In addition to our Wichita and Tulsa/ McAlester sites, we have our Spirit Europe

This is a long-cycle business; programs that we are winning today will likely be in production over the next 20-plus years. In 2011 over 80 percent of our backlog was on programs that either are not yet in full production or have been in production less than 15 years. Many of the new programs have jointly funded development
3

costs between Spirit, our partners, and our customers. For us, it's about bringing our capability and expertise to our customers' product families and providing them a long-term reliable partner and supplier. The recently announced Boeing 737 MAX and previously announced Airbus A320neo will extend the life of the original products 15 to 20 years into the future and represent the biggest part of our backlog. Spirit will have virtually the same content on these derivative airplanes as we do on the current production models today. Specifically, the 737 MAX is the best possible outcome for Spirit, since this derivative integrates into our current 737

Spirit shipped the first production composite center fuselage panels for the Airbus A350 XWB program out of its Kinston, North Carolina, facility (below) in October 2011. The panels were sent to Saint-Nazaire, France (above), where the final upper shell was assembled for delivery to Airbus.

strained resources. We remain focused on prudent and proactive capital structure management, which is extremely important in this industry. Our solid balance sheet has supported our growth and diversification strategy in this cyclical business.

GAINING MoMENTuM
We began 2011 expecting greater opportunities to prove our capabilities, our efficiencies, and our productivity. Those opportunities were there, and we ended the year satisfied that we delivered on higher production rates, met our commitments to customers, and remain well-positioned on key platforms to carry us into the future. We have made good progress overall, building our company brand, implementing our strategy, and keeping the company healthy and our team for the future intact. We anticipate more rate increases in 2012 and beyond, and our team is ready to take them on.

with solid operating margins, earnings per share, and cash generation. Despite start-up difficulties on new programs and execution challenges, we are consistently generating over $1 billion per quarter in revenues. We achieved operating margins in the 8 percent to 10 percent range in the second half of the year, while generating $0.40 to $0.45 of fully diluted earnings per share in the third and fourth quarters, fueled by our core business.

Bob Johnson, Chairman of the Board

lines and utilizes our installed capital base. The 737 MAX allows us to continue our role as a reliable partner and strong supplier on the best-selling commercial platform in history.

Looking forward, we expect to see continued revenue growth. Our core business volume is increasing, Boeing 787 delivery is becoming steady and increasing in 2012, and new program production will increase as our other new programs are certified and begin delivery. Our strong production program base has allowed us to successfully weather significant program delays and overlapping new program development timelines that

Bob Johnson Chairman of the Board

FINANCIAl PERFoRMANCE
Looking at our financial results, the core business continues to perform well,
4

Jeff Turner President and Chief Executive Officer March 27, 2012

