 2
SPIRIT AEROSYSTEMS, INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2006
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Welcome to Spirit AeroSystems! We are a brand new public company, but one that comes with a successful 75-year operating history.
accomplishments for Spirit AeroSystems, all achieved as a result of diligently executing our strategy. Our operational performance was strong across all of our product segments, complemented by a substantial new international presence added to our business mix. We successfully increased unit deliveries to meet higher customer demand, we made significant progress on our components for the pioneering Boeing 787 program, and, near the end of the year, we became a public company, completing a successful Initial Public Offering (IPO).
Throughout 2006, we worked hard to strengthen and grow existing customer partnerships, while at the same time fostering new relationships within the industry. As a result, during the year we won new business – across our existing product segments and with new customers. We accomplished this by listening to our customers, understanding their diverse requirements, and applying our unique design and build capabilities in Fuselage, Propulsion, and Wing Systems to meet each of their individual needs.
   Jeff Turner
President and Chief Executive Officer
In this, our first-ever Annual Report to Shareholders, we would like to give you an overview of the strengths that make up Spirit AeroSystems today, its management, people, operations and technology. But, most of all, we would like to share with you our concept for the future as we seek to create a new, larger and more
 successful business in the years ahead. While we will always be a Company built soundly on the base of our rich heritage, more importantly, we firmly believe we have a forward vision whose time has come, a vision that is even now taking flight. We invite you to spend a few minutes learning more about us.
2006: Operating Achievements
The year 2006 was filled with many

 In April, we established new international operations and significantly expanded our customer base with the acquisition of BAE’s aerostructures division, now renamed Spirit Europe. In this one move, we went from being the largest independent aerostructures supplier to Boeing to being the largest at Airbus as well. We provide Airbus with key wing-related components used in both their A320 and A380 aircraft families.
In 2006, Spirit continued to support its customers by raising overall production volumes to match the combined 25% increase in year- to-year aircraft deliveries made by Boeing and Airbus. For the year, we delivered 761 shipsets to our major customers. The year was also a strong one for both Boeing and Airbus, which together during the twelve months booked orders for 1,834 new aircraft. This increased their total year-end 2006 backlog to 4,904 units, which translates to an estimated $19 billion of future business for Spirit.
We continued to invest in next-generation technologies, materials and processes, including substantial R&D spending devoted to our portion of the groundbreaking, composites- based 787 program. Working closely with Boeing, we continued to develop, test and refine advancements in composites material applications and processes that will ultimately increase our competitive advantage not only with Boeing, but also throughout the aerostructures industry.
In November, we successfully completed an Initial Public Offering as Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc., establishing a public market for our Class A common stock, which trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “SPR.” Through the IPO, Spirit raised more than $249 million, applying those net proceeds towards its Union Equity Plan (UEP) obligations and the repayment of senior secured debt under our credit facility.
SPIRIT AEROSYSTEMS, INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2006
3
     WE STRIVE TO ACHIEVE LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION BY PROVIDING INDUSTRY-LEADING AEROSTRUCTURES AND SYSTEMS.

 4
 SPIRIT AEROSYSTEMS, INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2006
2006: Financial Results
In mid-2005, Spirit acquired the Wichita Division of Boeing Commercial Airplanes, which functioned as an internal supplier of parts and assemblies to Boeing’s aircraft programs. Since the Wichita Division did not separately report its financials, there are no full-year 2005 financials against which Spirit’s 2006 results can be meaningfully measured. Therefore, in this Letter, we will provide only a brief
segments, reflecting a continuing robust demand for commercial aircraft in the global aviation marketplace. Our revenue for the year included $313 million from Spirit Europe following its acquisition on April 1st.
Spirit reported net income of $17 million, or 14 cents per diluted share. However, those
 summary of our financial highlights for the past year, without the normal year-over-year comparisons.
For Full-Year 2006:
Spirit AeroSystems posted revenue of $3.2 billion, with increased sales across all of our product
numbers were affected by after-tax, one-time costs of $209 million ($1.71 per diluted share) related to our fourth quarter IPO, partially offset by an after-tax, one-time tax valuation allowance benefit of $42 million (34 cents per diluted share).
 
 TOTAL ASSETS
(In millions)
R&D SPENDING
(In millions)
$105 $78
‘05* ‘06
* The Company commenced operations on June 17, 2005.
BB and Ba3, respectively, which has effectively lowered our borrowing costs.
Complete financial results for 2006 – including our Management’s Discussion and Analysis and Consolidated Financial Statements – are provided along with extensive additional detail in the Form 10-K portion of this Annual Report.
Looking Forward
As we look into 2007 and beyond, we know that Spirit AeroSystems, like all aerospace-related companies, must contend with a fluid, continually changing marketplace. Yet, our confidence in the future, in our near- and longer-term operating and financial expectations, is also grounded in the knowledge that we are well prepared to embrace change.
$2,722
$1,657
‘05
SPIRIT AEROSYSTEMS, INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2006
5
    ‘06
Cash flow from operations for the year was $274 million, which included a nonrecurring, primarily UEP-related cash outflow of $191 million. In addition, the Company used $343 million in cash for its capital expenditures (a large portion devoted to spending for the upcoming 787 production) and an additional $145 million for the acquisition of Spirit Europe.
Lastly, the Company strengthened its balance sheet, liquidity and financial standing. At year- end, total debt was lower by 14%, reduced to $618 million after the repayment of $104 million, primarily with proceeds from the IPO; our total credit capacity increased by 23% to $400 million; and shareholders’ equity rose 164% to $859 million. As a result, both Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s upgraded Spirit’s credit rating to
  
 6
 SPIRIT AEROSYSTEMS, INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2006
Spirit is:
positioned with a solid strategy;
intensely focused on execution and continuous improvement; and
pointed toward the creation of long-term value by leveraging our technology, cost structure, scale, capabilities and experience.
We have worked exceptionally hard to know the internal and external factors affecting our business, to control those which we can, and to improve our performance wherever the industry trends may lead.
As we prepare this Annual Report, the global and market trends we see seem to be playing to Spirit’s
strengths. The world economy in which we operate is strong and growing. Following a successful 2006 during which orders for new aircraft exceeded deliveries, worldwide demand for jetliners continues to be robust. Commercial aerospace OEMs now enjoy record new-order backlogs, which, in turn, we expect will lead to increasing deliveries in 2007, 2008 and beyond. This is great news for our primary customers, Boeing and Airbus, and even better news for Spirit! In addition to this growing market, the large commercial OEMs are increasingly seeking to partner with major Tier 1 suppliers. More great news for Spirit! Lastly, through our participation in Boeing’s state-of-the-art 787 program, we have built a substantial competitive advantage in a pioneering new technology, one
   
 which positions us at the forefront among suppliers to benefit from a shift toward composite aerostructures. Again, great news for Spirit!
All of these most favorable drivers of our business – a growing core market, high-growth platforms, winning new customers, the outsourcing focus by the OEMs and participating in 787 content – have given us confidence that we should be able to achieve strong results. And, for 2007, we have already issued guidance that reflects this conviction: expected revenue up approximately 25% to $4.0- $4.1 billion; operating earnings of $400-$420 million producing a margin on sales in excess of 9.8%; and fully diluted earnings per share in the range of $1.80 to $1.90, based on an estimated 141 million diluted shares outstanding. Our business strategy is on-course and working.
Your Vision Takes Flight
In closing, both of us would like to sincerely thank the more than 12,700 associates of our Spirit team around the world. It is surely their capabilities and dedication that not only have made our past
successes possible, but, more importantly, will be at the heart of our future results. All of us at the Company share a clear vision, a vision that is taking off. And, whether as an employee, stakeholder, customer, supplier or community neighbor, we invite you to join us for the flight. Again... Welcome to Spirit AeroSystems!
Bob Johnson
Chairman of the Board
Jeff Turner
Bob Johnson
Chairman of the Board
SPIRIT AEROSYSTEMS, INC. ANNUAL REPORT 2006
7
   President and Chief Executive Officer
March 31, 2007
 THE TOTAL YEAR-END 2006 BACKLOG AT BOEING AND AIRBUS WAS 4,904 UNITS, WHICH TRANSLATES TO AN ESTIMATED $19 BILLION OF FUTURE BUSINESS FOR SPIRIT.
