Letter to Shareholders

One Team. One Spirit.
We've recorded many successes and lessons learned since we transitioned from a division of The Boeing Company to a standalone, publicly-held company. We continue to focus on maximizing efficiency as we grow our core business and execute on new programs. In 2012, we continued to reach unprecedented results across our core programs, while we battled the challenges of new programs and recovered from an EF3 tornado. Through it all, we relied on the expertise and resilience of our diverse workforce worldwide to overcome obstacles and position us for future success.

S

pirit AeroSystems is a story of continu ing and evolving transfor ma tion. We became a start-up company in 2005, having been divested after 75 years with The Boeing Company. The divestiture transformed our operations. Before, we controlled some of our costs, had one internal customer, and used a costcentered, cost-management approach. Now, as an independent company with $5.4 billion in revenues, we have 16,000 employees and operate in 15.4 million square feet worldwide, and we are one of the world's largest nonOEM designers and manufacturers of aerostructures for commercial aircraft. We compete globally for continued leadership in our industry, designing and building aircraft structures.

A Global Team
Spirit has quickly become a global entity, with strategic partners around the world and with company operations on three continents. Our footprint and the relationships we nurture have prepared us to support unprecedented growth in commercial production. In North America, we've expanded beyond our Wichita, Kan., and Tulsa/ McAlester, Okla., sites. Spirit now operates a composite facility in Kinston, N.C., and in 2012 opened two new sites, one for manufacturing support in Chanute, Kan., and one for engineering support in Nashville, Tenn. Spirit Europe consists of a manufacturing operation in Prestwick, Scotland, and an assembly facility in Saint-Nazaire, France. Our joint venture in Moscow provides us engineering design resources. And in Asia, our site at Subang Airport

near Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, supports composite assemblies. Aftermarket Customer Support is a growing part of our business. In addition to spare parts distribution, the company has repair stations that provide maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) services to the growing global fleet. The stations are in Wichita, Prestwick, and the Taikoo-Spirit joint venture in Jinjiang, China. With locations, employees, customers, and suppliers around the world, our goal is to ensure that all teams worldwide are pulling in the same direction. We not only expect and respect diversity in our team and our external relationships, we actively develop and embrace it to drive competitive advantage. Spirit is committed to creating one company, one all-inclusive team where global diversity contributes to the company's overarching strategy.

January 2012: Spirit delivers to Airbus the first composite center fuselage section for the Airbus A350 XWB program from its facilities in Saint-Nazaire, France. Top of page: Spirit employees and Airbus partners pose with the delivered fuselage.

January 2012: Spirit celebrates the 1,000th delivery of 777 pylons to Boeing.

March 2012: Taikoo Spirit AeroSystems (Jinjiang) Composite Co. Ltd. receives EASA certification for inspection, repair, and overhaul of various thrust reversers, flight controls, and other composite components.

April 2012: Spirit and Europe Airpost, a branch of ASL Aviation Group, sign a supply agreement for Spirit Aftermarket Customer Support to provide thrust reverser, fuselage, and wing component spare parts for Europe Airpost's fleet of Boeing 737 Classic and Next-Generation aircraft.

January

march

April

Core Business

We are working closely with our customer on the We design and design of the 787-9 manufacture a range derivative while support of aircraft structural ing 787 production rate products, including increases over the next fuselages, wings, 12 months. With cost and propulsion reduction as our top support hardware. priority on this program, We have strength in we are intently focused both metallic and on productivity and composite structures, April 2012: Spirit formally opens a 55,000-square-foot manufacturing facility in Chanute, Kan., for aircraft efficiency improvements. with large capability subassembly bench work for Spirit work packages. and capacity in both. We've also grown our We use large-scale business with Airbus as a significant Boeing programs, including the newly automation in our processes and work partner on the A350 XWB. Our focus re-engined 737 MAX. closely with our customers to ensure that has been design and build of the A350 we meet their requirements. With our acquisition of BAE Aerostructures composite center fuselage section, the Core platforms remain the foundation of in 2006, we added Airbus as a significant wing's leading edge, and composite Spirit by continuing to generate solid customer and have enhanced that front spar. We fabricate the fuselage revenue, earnings, and cash for our relationship since. We have major section in a new state-of-the-art company. These programs have long life content on Airbus' most successful composite facility in North Carolina. spans, and Spirit has significant share in program, the A320, and the re-engined We completed the section for tests the best programs in the industry. A320 neo will strengthen that program and now initial production units have well into the next decade. been completed and shipped across the Our core business continues to perform Atlantic to our facility in Saint-Nazaire, very well in a rate-increasing environment. New Programs France, where they were assembled In 2012 we were a $5.4 billion company New programs are an opportunity for and delivered to our customer. Our work with strong underlying cash generation us to develop and add new capabilities today on the A350 XWB builds on our from our core programs. Our current to our history of complex design and foundation, positioning us for future revenue guidance for 2013 is manufactur ing, thus securing our place on composites expansion ­ composites approximately $5.8-$6.0 billion. the next generation of commercial being the fastest growing segment of aircraft. On the Boeing 787 Boeing products continue to be the industry. program, our skills have a large part of our portfolio. progress ed from winding half-inch Spirit also has diversified into business Every Boeing commercial airplane and regional jets with some of the best carbon fiber ribbon to systems in production has Spirit hardware companies in the industry. We're pleased installation, to a final on it. Spirit has the highest that the Gulfstream G280 and G650 flight-capable cockpit level of delegated have received type certification and the and in-service engineering authority of programs have made deliveries to the final support. The value any of the Boeing customer. As we move to the steady-state that we can bring to structures partners. production phase, we continue to focus our customers is not And we have life-ofon reducing costs and generating cash just cost, but also program plus derivative from these programs. contracts on all of our Jeff Turner, President and Chief Executive Officer quality and service.

April 2012: Spirit's Wichita facilities are structurally damaged by an EF3 tornado. The site ships two previously completed 737 fuselages and one 777 cabin to Boeing within six days of the tornado, and returns to full operations within nine days. Repairs continue into 2013.

May 2012: Spirit recognizes 13 companies as 2011 Platinum Suppliers for their customer satisfaction and excellent performance in 2011. The honored suppliers demonstrate the global nature of Spirit's supplier base, including Korea, India, Japan, Romania, Turkey, the United Kingdom, and the United States.

June 2012: Spirit opens an engineering design center in Nashville, Tenn., to support new program development.

may

june

Our engine pylon teams are making good progress on the Mitsubishi Regional Jet (MRJ) and Bombardier CSeries programs as they move through the development stages. We've also expanded into pure military platforms and military derivatives of commercial airplanes. Derivatives of successful commercial airplanes, such as the P-8A Poseidon (based on the 737) and the KC-46A Tanker (based on the 767) are examples of how Spirit can efficiently apply our installed capital, our know-how, and our technology to a military application in line with our commercial production.

Spirit, our partners, and our customers. It's about bringing our capability and expertise to our customers' product families and providing them a reliable, long-term partner and supplier. Today, the 737 and the A320 represent the largest part of our backlog. The 737 MAX and A320 neo should extend these programs 15 July 2012: Spirit and China Airlines sign a multi-year supply agreement for Spirit to 20 years into the Aftermarket Customer Support to provide thrust reverser, fuselage, and wing component future. Spirit has spare parts for China Airlines' fleet of Boeing aircraft. substantially the same content on these derivative airplanes as we do on by the net insurance gain related to the current produc tion models today. severe weather event.

Backlog
Despite the overall global economic conditions, our backlog held at near record levels over the past several years and grew in 2012 as orders for large commercial aircraft exceeded deliveries. In fact, combined backlogs for all Boeing and Airbus orders are more than seven times our current annual production rates. The catalyst continues to be the strong demand for single-aisle aircraft with growing demand for wide-body products as well. Overall our backlog is strong and diverse, at over $35 billion.

Financial Performance
Spirit's annual revenues increased to record levels in 2012, reflecting higher demand and increased production rates for our core products even while we recovered from an EF3 tornado at our Wichita facility in April 2012.

Full-year net income was $35 million, or $0.24 per fully diluted share, compared to $192 million, or $1.35 per fully diluted share in 2011. Spirit's backlog at the end of the fourth quarter of 2012 increased by over 4 percent to $35 billion compared to 2011 as orders exceeded deliveries. The company's development program performance in 2012 underscores the complexity of our business as multiple programs transitioned to full rate production after over seven years of concurrent development, and as we delivered initial production units on the A350 XWB.

Revenue for the full-year Ours is a long-cycle business. Airplane increased 11 percent to programs that we are executing today $5.4 billion. Operating are expected to be in production income for the full-year over the next 20-plus years. was $92 million, More than 80-percent of our significantly lower backlog is either not yet in compared to 2011 full production or has been due primarily to in production less than development 15 years. Many of the new program charges programs have jointly funded which were development costs between partially offset Bob Johnson, Chairman of the Board

Going Forward
In summary, we're positioned on the best-selling platforms in the business. Our core business execution remains

July 2012: Spirit signs a Memorandum of Understanding with Sigma Aeronautics Ltd. to further develop Spirit's supply chain capabilities in Northern Ireland.

July 2012: Spirit displays its composite integrated wing cover demonstrator at the Farnborough International Airshow. The demonstrator represents initial efforts to develop high value and sustainable manufacturing technologies for nextgeneration short-range aircraft.

July 2012: Spirit AeroSystems (Europe) Ltd. announces its plans to increase the company's R&D footprint in Europe by joining the Catapult Technology Innovation Centres in High Value Manufacturing (HVM), a government-supported initiative.

July 2012: Spirit Aftermarket Customer Support announces the opening of a representative office in Shanghai, People's Republic of China.

july

2012 Deliveries
Ship set deliveries in 2012 totaled 1,240, up from 1,089 in 2011.

Boeing deliveries:
737 747 767 777 787 Total
.. .................. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 417 .. .................. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24 .. .................. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25 .. .................. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 86 .. .................. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  43 .. .................. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 595

December 2012: Spirit celebrates completion of the 100th Boeing 787 composite forward fuselage section.

strong and, along with our customers, we are extending the life of these programs well into the future. We have successfully implemented recent rate increases and continue to step up production. Our investments in new programs are paying off. Many of our new programs are transitioning to early production. We continue to seek to drive efficiency and productivity across the business as we work our way through the risk registers on the development programs and improve performance as they take their place among our core programs for the future. We remain strong. Looking ahead, our position on the best-selling airplanes, combined with our production quality and capability, and the skills and dedication of our team, aligns the business for long-term value creation.

Our primary goal in 2013 is to continuously improve operational and cost performance across the business and manage the risk profile of development programs.

Airbus deliveries:
A320 family ........... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 437 A330/340 . . ........... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 97 A350 .. .................. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 A380 .. .................. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  24 Total .. .................. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 561

Business/Regional Jet deliveries:
Total .. .................. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84

Jeff Turner President and Chief Executive Officer

SHIP SET DELIVERIES
1,240

978

1,029

969

1,089

Bob Johnson Chairman of the Board March 26, 2013

2008

2009

2010

2011

2012

August 2012: Spirit receives a "Superior" rating from the Defense Security Service as a result of the annual DSS Vulnerability Assessment of Spirit's Security, Governance, Risk and Compliance group.

September 2012: The P-8A Poseidon makes a stop in Wichita to give Spirit employees an opportunity to see the completed aircraft.

October 2012: Spirit signs supply agreements with Lion Air and Ethiopian Airlines for Spirit Aftermarket Customer Support to provide thrust reverser, fuselage, and wing component spare parts to both airlines' fleets of Boeing aircraft.

October 2012: Spirit receives the inaugural Corporate Diversity Award from Butler Community College. The award is designed to honor a business or organization that has demonstrated exceptional leadership in valuing diversity in its workplace while working to help the broader community become an inclusive environment.

October 2012: Spirit signs a non-exclusive distribution agreement with Darchem Engineering Ltd to distribute their engine nacelle heat blankets.

august

september

october

decmeber

