  To Our Shareholders
Fiscal 2004 has been a year characterized by individuals working diligently and collectively to produce significant financial and operational improvements. At the end of fiscal 2003, we established four organizational priorities and during the 12 months since setting those objectives, we have made substantial progress. Most notably, we reported an operating profit in three of the four fiscal 2004 quarters, leading to a $12.6 million operating profit for fiscal 2004, which compares to a $38.4 million operating loss in fiscal 2003.
We expect this positive momentum to continue because our underlying business fundamentals are trending in a positive direction. Compared to the previous year, sales grew in each quarter of fiscal 2004, store traffic counts increased along with average customer basket size, sales per labor hour and inventory turns.
Sales growth is one of our most important objectives.
The “back to basics” retail and distribution operating, marketing, and merchandising practices implemented this year reversed
a trend of significant sales declines and, as of fiscal 2004 year end, led to four consecutive quarters of solid sales growth. Retail sales grew 4.8% and distribution sales increased 3.4% during fiscal 2004. Retail comparable store sales, a measure of internal growth, also grew by a strong 3.2% during the year. This progress was driven principally by a fundamental change in our retail business strategy. We moved from a vendor driven marketing strategy to one that is consumer centric. The strategic change drove the dramatic sales improvements in both our distribution and retail operations. We are, however, not resting on our recent progress, but will continue to implement these highly successful marketing and merchandising practices across our entire retail store base. Our successful retail strategies caught the attention not only of our retail customers, but also existing and prospective distribution customers.
Our business philosophy of partnering with distribution customers by sharing retail practices and ideas helped gain new accounts, led to higher sales penetration with existing customers, and will continue to help attract new customers and improve sales growth.
Aligning our cost structure to industry standards was another key priority this past year. Our progress was clearly visible by the decline in our fiscal 2004 operating expenses
 3

  4
To Our Shareholders continued
expressed as a percentage of sales. This brings our cost structure closer to existing industry standards and strengthens our long-run competitive market position. Although we are leaner and operating more efficiently, our service and quality standards have never been higher. Operating performance and efficiency metrics such as store customer counts, sales per transaction, distribution service levels, and warehouse cases per man hour have all improved during fiscal 2004.
Strengthening our financial position was also a major priority. Totallong-termdebtatMarch27,2004declinedby $91.6 million, or 41.6%, from the balance at March 29, 2003.
As a percentage of total capital, long-term debt improved to 54.9% at fiscal 2004 year end compared with 66.8% at the
end of fiscal 2003. Proceeds from the divestiture of under- performing retail stores, the sales of our non-core convenience store distribution operations and incremental improvements
in cash generated from operations were used to reduce bank debt. During the year, we also reached a significant milestone by refinancing our long-term debt. We replaced our former credit facility with a $185 million, four year facility, which
gives us more financial flexibility.
Restoring profitability in our retail operations by turning category management into a more disciplined science throughout our organization continues to be a critical objective. To achieve this goal, we recruited very talented executive leaders with strong category management expertise. As a result, two highly skilled retail grocery veterans now lead our category management improvement efforts. Under their leadership, we began a system-wide store product flow, merchandise reset, and facility improvement effort focused on our consumer centric business strategy. Consequently, 16 of our conventional grocery stores and all 21 The Pharm deep-discount food and drug locations were re-merchandised during fiscal 2004 and we will complete work on an additional 13 supermarkets during fiscal 2005.
Our category management initiatives began with an assessment of key product categories which constitute nearly 50 percent of our sales volume. This assessment led us to develop more sophisticated tactics for certain categories that will help improve long-run sales growth, profit margins, and consumer loyalty. We expect to roll-out these tactics to all key categories by the end of fiscal 2005. This important operating
 
  change contributed to the consistent sales improvements reported during fiscal 2004 and will be a key component of our continued sales growth success.
Looking forward, substantial opportunities remain to continue our financial and operational performance improvements. We expect these improvements to continue as we move into the next phase of our strategic business plan. Elements of the plan include continuing to push our category management practices to all levels within our organization and to capitalize on our most valuable, yet under-developed organizational assets. Our Spartan corporate brand products are one of the most widely recognized and sought after consumer corporate brand in the state of Michigan. This valuable but under-
developed asset represents a significant
sales and profit performance improvement
opportunity. We just began efforts to
advance the development of our brand
by hiring two highly respected corporate
brand management companies to assist
in supply sourcing and marketing.
Collectively, we expect to drive down
sourcing costs, while improving corporate
brands sales penetration in our retail and
distribution businesses. The expected
improvement in corporate brand product
sales and costs will help enhance our
long-run profitability.
We also have a great opportunity to
improve our sales penetration with existing
distribution customers. We are the largest grocery distributor in the state of Michigan and possess an outstanding service quality reputation. However, many of our retailers have purchase concentrations that can improve dramatically. Consequently, a great opportunity exists for organic growth, which carries with it a substantial profit opportunity. Michigan’s geography also happens to provide a natural barrier to entry, which raises our competitors’ cost of distribution. This represents a tremendous undeveloped business opportunity which we intend to aggressively pursue.
Other elements of the strategic business plan will include a greater emphasis on shrink control, particularly at our
The Pharm retail stores, and a continuing program to refresh our existing store base and to capitalize on existing operational improvement opportunities. We will also launch our first comprehensive marketing program to promote our
“neighborhood market” strategy. The program will create a stronger retail store brand identity among consumers, which emphasizes our convenient store locations, friendly personal service, quality merchandise, and quick shopping experience. The campaign will be a well coordinated effort that ties all elements of marketing, merchandising, pricing, advertising, and the in-store experience under a common theme. Our distribution operation will implement a slow moving warehouse, begin utilization of voice selection technology, and launch initiatives to better leverage our wholesale buying power.
A discussion of the grocery industry would not be complete without commenting on the highly competitive
market environment and our ability to withstand competition from national chains and mass-retailers. We expect two to
four additional supercenters to open in locations which will affect our corporate owned stores during fiscal 2005. However, we have demonstrated our ability to grow sales despite these supercenter openings as six opened in our markets during the past two years. We are confident in our ability to coexist with the supercenters as retail product price gaps continue to narrow and we provide customers with a distinct “neighborhood market” shopping experience that is not currently available at the mass- merchandise retail formats.
 We are excited about Spartan Stores we continue to strengthen our retail market
long-term future as
position, capitalize on our most valuable, but under-developed assets, and raise our category management practices to a higher level throughout our organization.
We look forward to executing the next phase of our strategic business plan and are sincerely grateful for the continuing support of our customers, associates, suppliers and shareholders.
Sincerely,
Craig C. Sturken
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 5
