                                         A LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
It is my pleasure to report that fiscal 2006 has been another successful year for Spartan Stores, making this our third consecutive year of achieving solid financial results and operational improvements. Reflecting back on our company’s position just three years ago, in light of an intensely competitive retail grocery environment and an ever increasing presence of large competitors, our business achievements are even more remarkable. In fiscal 2003, we were in a relatively weak retail market position with declining sales and a highly leveraged balance sheet. Today, Spartan Stores is the leading grocery distributor in Michigan, the leading conventional supermarket operator in each of our markets, and we declared our first cash dividend since becoming a public company.
We reported fiscal 2006 net earnings of $18.2 million compared with a net loss of ($122.3) million in fiscal 2003. Operating earnings for 2006 were $37.0 million compared with a net operating loss of ($38.4) million in fiscal 2003. Net sales for fiscal 2006 were $2,039.9 million compared with $1,975.7 million in fiscal 2003. Net cash generated by operating activities for 2006 was $54.7 million compared with just $20.2 million in fiscal 2003. At the end of fiscal 2006, our total long-term debt balance was $65.7 million, representing a decrease of $154.7 million from the fiscal 2003 balance.
Our return on invested capital has improved dramatically since 2003. Net earnings have improved significantly during that period on lower invested capital. Yet during this three year period, we remodeled, expanded, or performed product layout changes and merchandise resets at the majority of our retail stores. We also upgraded our retail and distribution IT systems, launched new marketing and merchandising programs, revamped our private label program, and began our fuel center and in-store and drive-through pharmacy initiatives. These more focused and strategic business investments helped produce significant performance improvements and higher returns on invested capital.
Spartan Stores’ transformation was achieved by adopting a consumer-centric business strategy, by intense business plan execution, and through the hard work and dedication of our employees.
Our distribution and retail business segments are performing well and continue to have solid growth opportunities. During fiscal 2006, distribution revenues grew 3.1 percent to $1,155.9 million from $1,120.6 million last year. Operating earnings in the segment improved to $24.8 million compared with $24.5 million in 2005. In addition, we added a net of 38 independent retail stores to our distribution base, expanded our reach into the state of Indiana, and significantly increased our sales penetration with one of our largest and most valued customers. The addition of new customers, increasing sales with existing customers, and low customer attrition rate are strong testaments to the success of our
     IT IS MY PLEASURE TO REPORT
that fiscal 2006 has been another successful year for Spartan Stores, making this our third consecutive year of achieving solid financial results and operational improvements. Reflecting back on our company’s position just three years ago, in light of an intensely competitive retail grocery environment and an ever increasing presence of large competitors, our business achievements are even more remarkable.
•••
    A Letter to Our Shareholders • • • 5

                                        A LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS (Continued)
   DURING THE PAST
three years, we have demonstrated an ability to formulate effective business strategies, to successfully execute our business plan, and to be a formidable competitor in a challenging market environment. Our current business initiatives and strategies, and the opportunities available to grow within our markets, give us great confidence that we will continue to succeed in the years ahead.
•••
  value-added distribution business strategy. Our independent retail store operators play a vital role in our business success, and through our distribution business, we are proud to be a valued partner with some of the industry’s best retail store operators.
Our model store program and on-time delivery record are just two examples of our value-added service capabilities. Under the model store program, distribution customers are invited to view a model store, evaluate store layouts and product assortments, and learn the science behind successful category management practices. Our on-time delivery record has averaged nearly 99 percent during the last seven consecutive quarters and exceeds the Food Management Institute’s benchmark on-time delivery rate of 97 percent.
Although we have had great success during the past three years, we are not resting on past achievements. During fiscal 2006, we expanded our perishables product warehouse docking space, increased our produce capacity and upgraded to the latest banana ripening technology. Also, we replaced one third of our fleet of tractors to provide more fuel efficient performance and state-of-the-art global positioning systems, and signed a five-year labor agreement with warehouse associates and drivers at our Plymouth, Michigan distribution center.
We recently implemented an activity based costing system that will allow for more detailed and sophisticated tracking of distribution costs and profitability. This system will help us better identify specific areas where service activities can be performed more efficiently, improving profitability as we continue to fully utilize the system capabilities.
The evolving grocery industry market continues to present favorable distribution growth opportunities for our company. National retail grocery chains continue to rationalize and divest retail stores and certain grocery distributors are exiting retail operations and consolidating or exchanging assets with other distributors. These business conditions have caused service disruptions and favorable growth opportunities for those positioned to take advantage of the opportunities, and in many cases we have benefited from these market conditions. In addition to the favorable market conditions, our improved perishable product offerings and portfolio of award winning private label products also provide strong avenues for continued distribution growth.
From a retail perspective, we invested prudently to improve the physical condition of our stores and to improve our retail product and service offerings. The majority of our stores have now been remodeled, expanded or had product layout or merchandise resets performed. Today, we offer a much wider array of private label brands and products at broader price points, including new and rapidly growing natural and organic products.
   6 • • • Spartan Stores Annual Report

                                          We continue to build on the convenience aspects of our business strategy by adding the services desired by time-strapped consumers. These services include, among others, fuel centers, in-store and drive-through pharmacies, interactive touch screen store kiosks, and self-checkouts. We now operate six retail store fuel centers, but this business initiative remains in its infancy, as there are at least 15 to 20 additional retail store locations that meet our current criteria for fuel center expansion.
The next and most logical areas to improve our retail operations are in perimeter store merchandising and in distinctly positioning our retail stores from competitors. We are now applying the same rigorous and disciplined category management practices to our perimeter store merchandise that significantly improved our center store merchandise sales during the past three years.
Retail growth through acquisitions remains a viable component of our business strategy. One of the most significant and recent retail business developments was our acquisition of certain D&W Food Centers retail stores. This acquisition strengthens our retail market position in West Michigan by adding 16 supermarkets to our existing operation. The D&W stores provide us with opportunities to enhance our product and service offerings in existing markets and in communities that we did not previously serve. We just recently began our product and service enhancement initiatives by reintroducing our portfolio of private label brands to each of the D&W stores and by committing $15 million in capital improvements to these stores over the next two years. Our D&W Food Center acquisition brings us additional convenient customer services like Starbuck’s Coffee Cafés, retail banking, sushi bars, and dry cleaning at select store locations. We expect this acquisition to produce noteworthy business synergies and other operating efficiency improvements.
The D&W Food Centers acquisition provides an excellent complement to our existing portfolio of retail stores. With the acquisition, we now have one of the strongest and most recognized collections of retail store franchises in our markets and continue to hold top retail market share positions in our core markets.
Although not every retail store acquisition candidate provides these strong growth and efficiency improvement opportunities, our position as a grocery distributor serving more than 350 independent retail stores continues to position us as the exit strategy of choice for many independent operators.
During the past three years, we have demonstrated an ability to formulate effective business strategies, to successfully execute our business plan, and to be a formidable competitor in a challenging market environment. Our current business initiatives and strategies, and the opportunities available to grow within our markets, give us great confidence that we will continue to succeed in the years ahead.
We sincerely thank our employees for their hard work and dedication, our shareholders for their continuing support, and our suppliers and customers, who are vital to our success.
Craig C. Sturken
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
     A Letter to Our Shareholders • • • 7
