                letter to our
shareholders
The growth phase of our plan is intended to position Spartan Stores for sustained profitable growth and even though we are just beginning to implement elements of this phase, we have already made significant progress.
%We are very pleased to have completed another successful year, making this our fourth consecutive year of significant and sustainable progress. We have successfully executed each phase of our business plan. Fixing and stabilizing a troubled company was once our primary focus, but having successfully achieved those goals, we are now moving forward with the growth phase of our business plan. the growth phase of our plan is intended to position Spartan Stores for sustained profitable growth and even though we are just beginning to implement elements of this phase, we have already made significant progress.
    acquisitions are playing an increasingly important role in the growth phase of our business plan. During this past year, we completed the acquisition of D&W Food centers, our largest retail store acquisition since 2000. We are very pleased with the success of this acquisition, as it has been accretive to earnings and has strengthened our retail market position in West Michigan. also this past year, we acquired the pharmacy operations of prairieStone pharmacies llc, which were located in 12 of the D&W retail stores, and announced an acquisition agreement for 20 supermarkets from g&r Felpausch company. this latest transaction brings our retail supermarket base to 88 stores and our total retail base to 107 stores, which is a 43 percent increase from the 75 retail stores we operated at the end of fiscal 2004.
Spartan StoreS annual report 2 SHareHolDerS letter
 
                  Spartan StoreS annual report 3 SHareHolDerS letter

                 letter continued
We achieved this successful four-year track record of improving financial and operational results during one of the industry’s most competitive environments in combination with continued economic weakness in parts of the geographic region that we serve. including our fiscal 2007 fourth-quarter financial results, we reported 9 of 11 quarters of double and triple digit operating earnings growth, while sales have increased by at least 12 percent for the past four quarters. Moreover, in fiscal 2007 we exceeded the $80 million threshold in earnings Before interest, taxes, Depreciation and amortization (eBitDa), as defined in our credit agreement. our steadily improving cash flow has strengthened our financial position and allows us to allocate additional capital to operational areas
   &that increase long-term investment returns. this financial achievement is the result of consumer-centric strategic business planning and execution and the dedication and talent of our management team and associates.
the foundation of any organization’s success is directly related to the talents, skills, and dedication of its leadership, management team, and associates. During the past year, we continued to strengthen an exceptionally talented management team and board of directors, and signed a five-year labor agreement with bargaining unit employees at our grand rapids distribution center. We appointed Frederick Morganthall, president of Harris teeter, which operates 145 supermarkets in six southeastern states, to our board, appointed Derek Jones, a veteran distribution industry executive, to lead our supply chain, and appointed alex DeYonker, an accomplished securities and business attorney, to general counsel and Secretary. i am proud to state that we have assembled a very effective and skilled executive management team.
“Our steadily improving cash flow has strengthened our financial position and allows us to allocate additional capital to operational areas that increase long-term investment returns. ”
our hybrid business model is becoming unique within the grocery industry as companies that were principally distributors aggressively move into retailing. although retail is becoming an increasing percentage of our business mix, our business model will continue to be one that combines and leverages the benefits of both distribution and retail. there is great retail-level market insight gained by operating stores that can be used to optimize distribution product mix decisions helping to ensure better warehouse through-put and inventory turnover, and improved retail sales for our independent customers. Staying in close touch with the consumer and retail- level trends has and will continue to significantly contribute to our ongoing success.
Spartan StoreS annual report 4 SHareHolDerS letter

                 looking ahead to the coming year, we continue to see excellent growth opportunities to extend our long-term profitable growth momentum. as we move forward implementing the growth phase of our business plan, we will more fully capitalize on our consumer-centric and customer convenience business strategies by improving our existing retail store base that will include constructing one or two replacement stores and securing sites for additional new or replacement stores, opening new fuel centers, and continuing to expand and refine our pharmacy operations. in addition, we will concentrate efforts on expanding our distribution base to reach new customers in ohio and indiana, investing in the processes and technology necessary to maintain operational efficiency, and keeping a keen eye on available, but prudent retail acquisition opportunities.
it has been another successful year for Spartan Stores, yet we believe our strongest growth opportunities remain ahead of us. our successful track record would not be possible without the hard work, dedication and support of many individuals. i want to personally thank all of our employees, customers, suppliers and you, our shareholders, for your continuing support.
Craig C. Sturken
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Looking ahead to the coming year, we continue to see excellent growth opportunities to extend our long-term profitable growth momentum.
    $26.80
 $12.45
3/25/06
 $4.65
3/27/04
$10.73
3/26/05
  $2.29 3/29/03
3/31/07
Spartan StoreS annual report 5
SHareHolDerS letter
Stock Prices
