   Craig C. Sturken Chairman
Dennis Eidson President and
Chief Executive Officer
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We are pleased to report that in fiscal 2011 Spartan Stores delivered another solid performance, achieving overall earnings growth and strengthening our balance sheet despite a struggling economy. As is always the case,
the foundation of this success is the hard work of our company’s dedicated associates and steady application of our long-term strategy.
During the year, we focused on providing consistent excellence across our operations and reducing operating expenses in an effort to maximize profitability—and the results prove the sound fundamentals of our business model. By carefully controlling our costs, our retail
and distribution operations generated a combined $68 million in operating earnings and we achieved our third consecutive year of over $100 million in Adjusted EBITDA.
Our cash flow from operations remained at a strong level of $90 million in fiscal 2011. This enabled us to further strengthen our balance sheet by continuing to reduce our debt levels, remodel our retail stores, and return shareholder value in
the form of quarterly dividends. We reduced our total net long term debt in fiscal 2011 by $45 million and ended the year with $131 million in net long-term debt.
BUSINESS SEGMENTS
We are as focused as ever on providing the best customer experience—consistently satisfying our consumers by delivering high quality food and related products at the best value possible. To that end, in 2011, we continued to invest resources in raising our value proposition.
In our retail business segment, we continued to open and remodel supermarkets, expand and refine our loyalty card programs, provided customer convenience with more pharmacies and fuel centers on-site, enhance our in-store nutritional labeling program, and strengthen our private brand offerings.
During the year, we remodeled and/or relocated eight supermarkets and opened one new supermarket. We ended fiscal 2011 with 97 supermarkets.
We launched our yes Rewards loyalty card program for our food and pharmacy customers at VG’s and continued to refine our card offering at Glen’s Markets, where we piloted the program last year. We are pleased with the progress of our loyalty card program and believe the data being gathered will not only help refine our marketing strategies to be more targeted, efficient and effective, but also enhance the value that we are providing customers.
We continue to increase customer convenience with the additions of one pharmacy and one fuel center on site, bringing our total number of pharmacies to 67 and total number of fuel centers to 25. These services enable us to leverage our promotional activity through generic prescription programs and fuel discounts based on in-store purchasing, which
is a differentiated way to add value.
As part of our emphasis on consumer health and wellness, we continued to enhance our in-store nutritional labeling and completed our rollout of the program to all banners. The nutrition guide program offers shelf tags, which provide consumers color coded identification of health and nutrition attributes, such as low fat, low sodium and sugar free, and assist consumers in making more informed choices about the foods they buy.
In addition, we expanded our corporate brand product offerings, with approximately 300 new private brand items, including 97 under the new Spartan Fresh Selections brand, introduced in fiscal 2011. These new items further enhance our strong portfolio of corporate brands and value offerings while giving consumers even more product choices.

In our distribution business, we continued to secure new customers, increase sales penetration with our existing distribution customer base, enhance our operations with private brand offerings, and further improve the efficiency
of our operations. At the end of fiscal 2011, we supplied or have reached an agreement to supply 375 independent stores.
We are pleased with the consolidation of the Plymouth, Michigan warehouse into our Grand Rapids, Michigan facility and operational efficiency gains related to this project. The improvements, which began to materialize during the first quarter, accelerated throughout the year and enabled us to reduce our inventory position by 12% from the end of fiscal 2010.
We also continue to focus on increasing the overall purchase concentration of our distribution customers and believe that there is a significant opportunity to increase our total sales volume through more private label and fresh food offerings. Realizing this potential $100 million or more in additional volume will be a key area of focus for our distribution business in fiscal 2012.
OUTLOOK
We are proud of our accomplishments in fiscal 2011 and our ability to deliver value to our consumers, independent retailers, our associates and our shareholders. While the economy appears to have stabilized, we expect business conditions to remain challenging in fiscal 2012, with a more robust level of product cost and retail price inflation, particularly in perishables. While a modest level of inflation is typically beneficial to both our business segments,
we will closely monitor this trend in fiscal 2012 and beyond. In each of our distribution and retail business segments, we will continue to take the cost containment and operational improvement steps that we believe are appropriate to effectively manage through this environment.
We remain confident in our long-established strategy and believe our disciplined, balanced approach has positioned Spartan Stores to succeed now and for many years to come. Our experienced management team will continue to refine our proven business model in an effort to increase market share and further enhance our value proposition in both our retail and distribution segments.
CONCLUSION
We would like to thank all of our consumers, independent retailers, suppliers, shareholders, associates and their families, and finally the communities in which we operate for your contributions to our success in fiscal 2011.
With your continued confidence, our proven business strategies, a long-standing focus and commitment to customer service, and our continuing selection as the preferred distributor in our major geographic markets, we look forward to another good year in fiscal 2012.
Craig C. Sturken Dennis Eidson
Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer
    