   Craig C. Sturken Chairman
Dennis Eidson President and
Chief Executive Officer
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Fiscal 2013 was a year of excellent execution for Spartan Stores as we continued to make investments in our brands, products and services.
While the year was not without its challenges from an economic and market perspective, we successfully navigated the difficult consumer environment, made steady and meaningful progress on our strategic initiatives and delivered another consistently solid financial performance.
By taking numerous actions to enhance the value of our offerings, we attracted new customers and deepened existing relationships in both our retail and distribution segments. As a result, our retail and distribution sales increased 0.9% to $2.61 billion on a comparable 52-week basis and we achieved over $105 million in adjusted EBITDA for the third time in the Company’s history.
In addition, we continued to strengthen our balance sheet by refinancing our credit facility, lengthening the maturity of our debt obligations and reducing our forecasted interest expense by approximately 25% on an annual basis. We also increased our return of capital to shareholders through a combined $18 million in share repurchases and quarterly dividend payments.
As further evidence of our confidence in our business strategies and anticipated healthy cash flow, we recently increased our dividend for the third consecutive year, to $0.36 per common share on an annual basis from $0.32 per common share, representing a 12.5% increase.
Additionally, we recently received some unexpected recognition in April, when we were recognized by Forbes Magazine as one of the “100 Most Trustworthy Companies in America.” The credit for this and for all of our fiscal 2013 accomplishments goes to all of our employees and the leadership of our Board of Directors, whose integrity and commitment to excellence have become Spartan Stores’ trademarks.
We thank each and every member of our team for their valuable contributions to our Company’s success.
BUSINESS SEGMENTS
As we reflect on the past year, one of our biggest accomplishments was our ability to improve the value proposition that we offer our consumers and independent retailers. We continue to refine our unique combination of price, promotion, selection and convenience and our actions are resonating as we continue to see improved customer satisfaction scores.
In our retail business segment, we continued to make strategic investments in our store base, pricing and promotion and private brand product offering and each initiative helped to fuel our financial performance and allowed us to increase our market share in our key West Michigan trade area.
During fiscal 2013, we relocated one store, completed five major remodels and opened two new fuel centers. We also continued to refine our value-based store format Valu Land and opened four new locations, bringing the total number of Valu Land locations to seven.
Making acquisitions is a core part of our growth strategy, and we are pleased to report that we welcomed the highest volume upscale grocery store and adjacent fuel center in West Michigan to the Spartan family, further solidifying our leading conventional supermarket share in this market.
Our yes Rewards program continues to be an important strategic tool that helps us to better connect with our consumers regarding their shopping preferences. In fiscal 2013, approximately 90% of our annual supermarket sales were generated through the program. We first introduced this innovative points-based program in fiscal 2010 and completed the rollout to all of our supermarket banners in fiscal 2012. In this time, we have learned a lot about our consumers and how to engage and reward them, providing relevant offerings and more reasons to shop our stores with greater frequency.

As part of our emphasis on value, during the year, we launched our “Yes Is More” promotional program, which included a price freeze on over 300 items that consumers buy frequently, including bread, chicken and eggs, and we have been encouraged by the positive consumer response. In addition, our consumers continue to be rewarded through our pharmacy and fuel programs.
On the product side, we continue to drive both retail and distribution sales through the development and expansion of our private brand program. This program provides value offerings for our distribution customers and more choices for our end consumer, both critical components of our strategy to enhance our product offerings and gain increased loyalty. We introduced 437 new products in fiscal 2013, including 48 under the Spartan Fresh Selection brand, representing a 6% increase from fiscal 2012.
In our distribution business, one of our key growth initiatives has been to add new customers in adjacent markets, so we are pleased to report that we secured a significant new customer with 11 stores in Ohio. This new customer will be among our five largest independent distribution customers. As a result of this and other new accounts obtained over the year, we ended fiscal 2013 providing service to 390 independent distribution customer stores, up from 375 at the end of fiscal 2012.
Our value-added services, as well as our broad selection of private brand and national brand products, remain our point of differentiation from other wholesalers and we are committed to continuing to share retail programs and operational initiatives that will help our distribution customers grow and optimize their businesses.
In addition, we are pleased to report that Spartan Stores and the union representing our warehouse, transportation and maintenance associates ratified a three-year labor agreement in October, providing our associates with a competitive wage and benefits package and the Company with increased operational efficiencies and a more competitive cost structure.
OUTLOOK
As we look to fiscal 2014, we expect to face many of the same challenges that we have experienced over the past several years, with continued constraints in consumer spending and a gradual economic recovery. We believe that Spartan Stores is well positioned to benefit from these modest economic improvements and plan to continue to maintain our focus on the customer, investing in our value proposition and leveraging our strengths in ways that further deepen our retail and distribution customer relationships and improve our long-term performance.
Our capital plan calls for continuing to grow and improve our store base, by re-bannering up to 13 Glen’s Market locations to the Family Fare brand and completing up to 12 minor remodels and three major remodels. We also plan to open one to three new Valu Land locations in 2014.
We will continue to focus on increasing sales penetration with our existing distribution customer base, securing new independent customers, and further enhancing our value added service offering in order to drive our distribution sales and profitability.
In addition, our strong balance sheet provides us with the financial strength to pursue strategic growth opportunities and prudent acquisitions in both the distribution and retail business segments as we demonstrated this year and as opportunities arise.
We would like to close by thanking not only our dedicated associates, but also the numerous other partners in our business success:
our consumers, independent retailers, suppliers and our shareholders who, by your investment, demonstrate your support and confidence in Spartan Stores. We look forward to another rewarding and successful year in fiscal 2014.
Craig C. Sturken Dennis Eidson
Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer
    