  FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
I am excited to introduce you to the new SPX Corporation (“SPX”), a company undergoing a strategic transformation that we believe will generate significant value for shareholders.
I became President and CEO of SPX on September 26, 2015, when we completed the spin-off of our largest business into an indepen- dent, publicly-traded company called SPX FLOW, Inc. (“FLOW”). At that time, the former senior officers of SPX Corporation became the officers of FLOW, and SPX Corporation began trading under the new ticker symbol “SPXC.”
The decision to spin-off FLOW was based on a simple premise. By optimizing management focus on the company’s diverse collection of high-quality businesses, we could drive greater long-term performance and value-creation for shareholders. SPX today is a diversified, global supplier of a wide array of highly-engineered infrastructure prod-
ucts focused in the heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC); detection and measurement; and power industries. Across most of our businesses we have strong competitive positions, well-known and high-quality brands, and strong margin profiles.
In early September, we presented our new business profile to the investment community. As part of our presentation, we laid out a plan to deliver value creation for shareholders over the next three years
by growing our high return businesses in our HVAC and Detection
and Measurement segments, expanding margins in our transformer business, and lowering costs and improving productivity in our power generation business.
While the company is exposed to general macroeconomic trends, we have low direct exposure to petroleum-related markets and a large percentage of our sales are generated in North America — more than 70% in 2015. Also, a significant portion of our revenues come from replacements of existing installed products. As we look ahead, we believe SPX is well-positioned to increase earnings through product innovation, expansion into adjacent markets and margin enhancement initiatives.
In our first several months following the spin-off of FLOW, we have achieved several milestones towards accomplishing our value-creation goals, including several new product introductions in our HVAC and
     
 Detection and Measurement segments and three key announce- ments within our Power segment:
• Consistent with our commitment to efficient capital utilization, on March 30, 2016 we completed the sale of our dry cooling business within our Power segment for approximately $48 million.
• We also announced an agreement with one of our partners on our South African projects which significantly reduces our future scope and related risk.
• Finally, we announced that we have hired advisors to explore strategic alternatives for portions of our power generation busi- ness that have not met our internal return requirements, and we are taking aggressive actions to improve our performance here.
As we progress throughout 2016, we believe we are well-posi- tioned to achieve our value creation goals. We are starting the year with a solid balance sheet and liquidity position. As we continue to grow our businesses, we expect to generate surplus cash which we intend to use to fund our growth and value cre- ation plans, while maintaining an emphasis on continued financial discipline.
I am excited about the transformational journey we have begun and look forward to updating you again throughout the year. I also want to express my gratitude to our employees for the extraordi- nary efforts and contributions that made both the spin-off and our early accomplishments as the new SPX a reality. As we look at the road ahead, I am confident that we have the right team in place and the right plan to succeed. I am grateful to you, our fellow shareholders, for taking this journey with us.
Gene Lowe
President and Chief Executive Officer
Power
31%
2015 CORE REVENUES*
55% 14%
59%
2015 CORE SEGMENT INCOME*
7% 34%
HVAC
Detection & Measurement
HVAC
Detection & Measurement
    Power
 *Core results exclude the results of the South African projects.
 