       Stephen L. Baum
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer 2000–2005
GENERATES RESULTS
LETTER FROM STEPHEN L. BAUM
In 2005, I completed my five-year-plus tenure as chairman and chief executive officer of Sempra Energy. Sempra Energy has grown dramatically during this period and has become a major energy company with worldwide operations.
When Sempra Energy was formed in 1998, some skeptics predicted that we would never be able to expand beyond our core utility business. In fact, we have built one of the very few successful integrated energy companies with strong competitive energy businesses that exceed the earnings of our California utilities.
I’m proud that we have achieved annual earnings growth, on average, of more than 17 percent since 1998. At year-end, our five-year total return for investors was 130 percent, compared with minus-11 percent for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Utilities Index, 3 percent for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and 10 percent for the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Meanwhile, Sempra Energy’s share price almost doubled during the same period to $44.84 from $23.25.
At the same time, we have developed a culture of risk management that pervades all our businesses.
We’ve also resolved the most significant claims against our companies arising out of the California energy crisis of 2000-01. In January 2006, we agreed to settle several class-action lawsuits seeking billions of dollars in damages. While we did nothing wrong, the company believed that a settlement was in its and your best interest. The stock market has agreed.
Finally, we’ve charted a growth path for the future with our liquefied natural gas and pipeline initiatives and the return by our California utilities to their role as full-service providers. And we’ve put a strong management team in place—led by Don Felsinger—to guide us.
It has been my honor and pleasure to serve this company and you, our shareholders, for the past 20 years. Thank you for all your support during my time at the company.
Sincerely,
Stephen L. Baum
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 2000–2005
 page 1

      LETTER FROM DONALD E. FELSINGER
It was a pleasure working with Steve Baum over the past two decades, and I am honored to follow Steve as chairman and CEO. I take great pride in the fact that we have developed and executed a successful strategy to grow Sempra Energy into a global enterprise. I am equally proud of the superior financial value we have been able to generate for you, our shareholders, since we created Sempra Energy in 1998.
The first phase of Sempra Energy’s evolution—to develop robust businesses outside of our two California utilities—is complete. Our Sempra Global businesses collectively contributed more than 70 percent of Sempra Energy’s earnings in 2005.
This growth has been led by Sempra Commodities, which now is the third-largest physical marketer of natural gas in North America and a major international broker of other commodities, including electricity, natural gas, oil-related products and metals. In 2005, Sempra Commodities achieved a record year, earning $460 million in net income.
Our next evolutionary phase is to execute our ambitious capital program—completing the build-out of our lique- fied natural gas (LNG) receipt terminals, natural gas pipeline and storage facilities, and electric transmission and generation facilities.
Donald E. Felsinger
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
NEW ENERGY
We remain convinced that North America is facing
a severe, long-term shortage of natural gas—a conclu- sion now shared by most industry and government forecasters. This is because the United States seriously underestimated the popularity of natural gas as the fuel of choice in power generation and manufacturing. Over the past decade, the majority of U.S. power plants built have been gas-fired, causing increased strain on declining domestic natural gas supplies. A primary solution to the problem is LNG. Other parts of the world—Asia, the Middle East and Russia—have vast natural gas resources, but need a market for their gas. With LNG, that gas can be cooled and condensed into a liquid, and shipped economically to distant markets.
By the end of this decade, we will be one of the largest LNG importers in North America. Construction on our Energía Costa Azul LNG receipt terminal in Baja California, Mexico, is progressing well. When it becomes operational in early 2008, Energía Costa Azul will be the first LNG terminal on the West Coast. We also have begun construction on our Cameron LNG receipt terminal in Louisiana, despite a brief interruption by the Gulf Coast hurricanes last summer. Additionally, we have laid the groundwork for potential expansion of both Energía Costa Azul and Cameron LNG, subject to market interest. Our third LNG receipt terminal project, Port Arthur LNG in Texas, is in the final permitting stages and could come online as early as 2010.
page 2

                Neal E. Schmale
President and
Chief Operating Officer
Javade Chaudhri
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Mark A. Snell
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
DRIVES GROWTH
In August 2005, Sempra Pipelines & Storage announced a keystone partnership with Kinder Morgan to develop the Rockies Express Pipeline,
a major new transcontinental natural gas pipeline. The 1,300-mile, 42-inch pipeline, connecting the Rocky Mountains to gas-hungry markets in the Midwest and Eastern United States, would be the largest U.S. pipeline project in more than 20 years.
The LNG business in North America is creating new opportunities for natural gas facilities to serve the receipt terminals being built, so Sempra Pipelines & Storage is developing trunk-line natural gas pipelines near LNG hubs in Louisiana and Texas, as well as a large salt-cavern gas storage facility in Calcasieu Parish, La.
Sempra Generation is concentrating on efficient operation of its Western power plant fleet of 2,630 megawatts. Due to the high market valuation of coal-fired generation in Texas, in January 2006, Sempra Generation decided to sell its 305-megawatt (MW) Twin Oaks power plant in Texas for $480 million—
a plant the company purchased for $120 million in 2002.
Growth opportunities are not limited to the Sempra Global businesses. Our California utilities—San Diego Gas & Electric (SDG&E) and Southern California Gas Co. (SoCalGas)—are full-service providers again.
SDG&E will take control of Palomar Energy later this year. Built by Sempra Generation, the 550-MW natural gas-fired power plant is the first major new power plant built in the San Diego region in more than 30 years. SDG&E also has added renewable energy to its resource mix—including solar and wind power—and proposed a major new electric transmission line to help transport these and other power resources to the region. As always, SDG&E and SoCalGas remain focused on improving efficiency, providing safe and reliable energy service around the clock and controlling costs for their customers.
Our commitment to the communities in which we operate has never been greater. In 2005, we expanded our outreach to support relief efforts for the victims of the devastating Indian Ocean tsunami in late 2004 and U.S. Gulf Coast hurricanes last summer.
I look forward to the future with great excitement— and a certain amount of anticipation—because of the many opportunities before us.
Sincerely,
Donald E. Felsinger
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 page 3
 