 “In 2014, we expect to complete more than $2 billion in projects that will fuel the growth in our earnings over the next year and beyond.”
Fellow Shareholders:
Our focus is on providing our shareholders with top-quartile growth in our industry sector through a portfolio of assets that produces strong, predictable cash flows and supports an increasing dividend. We have been able to achieve a total shareholder return that is among the best in our utility peer group, while maintaining a low-risk profile similar to other utilities.
In 2013, we not only accomplished our financial objectives, but we also laid the foundation for future growth and achieved several ‘‘firsts’’ along the way. We launched the first initial public offering for an energy company in Mexico, advanced our Cameron LNG export project to be among the first in the U.S. set to break ground in 2014, and took the first steps toward expanding into power generation in Peru and electric transmission in Chile.
Our total shareholder return in 2013 was 30 percent, compared with 13 percent for the S&P 500 Utilities Index. For the 10-year period, our total return was 301 percent, more than double the total return of the S&P 500 Utilities Index.
Our market value rose to $22 billion during 2013, ranking us seventh in our industry peer group and first among California’s investor-owned utilities.
Our strategic growth plan centers on three primary areas: electric and natural gas utilities; North American natural gas infrastructure; and renewable energy.
This strategy capitalizes on the fundamental changes that are taking place in energy markets. The ability to economically tap vast reserves of natural gas in shale rock formations has generated a 100-year supply that has lowered prices for consumers and created new global market opportunities for companies like ours.
Debra L. Reed
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Our natural gas assets and renewable energy portfolio also complement a growing global interest in cleaner fuels and environmentally friendly forms of energy.
$12 Billion Capital Plan for California Utilities
San Diego Gas & Electric® (SDG&E®) and Southern California Gas Co. (SoCalGas®) have been leaders in the utility sector in adopting new technology, pursuing clean energy sources, and maintaining safe and reliable operations.
In 2013, the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) issued a final ruling in the two utilities’ General Rate Case. The decision allows SDG&E and SoCalGas to continue to grow through investments in infrastructure, while continuing to enhance safety and customer value.
Over the next five years, we will invest nearly $12 billion in SoCalGas and SDG&E. A major portion of the capital at SoCalGas will go toward enhancing pipeline safety and installing advanced metering technology for the utility’s nearly 6 million customers. Initial work under the company’s proposed Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan has begun, with the proposed program in the final review phase at the CPUC. The advanced metering program
is in full swing, with more than 1 million digital modules installed; the installations should be completed in 2017. With advanced metering technology, customers will be able to manage their energy usage better through web access to hourly and daily usage updates.
The investments at SDG&E will be allocated primarily toward new electric transmission and distribution infrastructure, pipeline safety enhancement and smart- grid technology. Smart-grid investments are allowing
 ni

SDG&E customers to monitor and manage their energy usage in real time. These investments also will enable SDG&E to more quickly diagnose problems on the electric grid, restore power after outages, and accommodate an increasing amount of renewable energy.
SDG&E is faced with several significant challenges, including replacing power supplies from the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station (SONGS), which is being decommissioned. SONGS historically supplied about 20 percent of the power for SDG&E’s customers prior to being taken offline in January 2012. SDG&E has
an active program underway to procure economical sources of replacement power.
Additionally, rates for some residential California electric utility customers have been frozen since 2001 under legislation enacted at the height of the state’s energy crisis of 2000-01. As a result, today’s electric rate structure has become unbalanced, with a segment of customers bearing a disproportionate burden for system costs. We have taken a leadership role in pressing for rate reform. In October 2013, Calif. Gov. Jerry Brown signed into law Assembly Bill 327, which will give the CPUC the flexibility to adjust the state’s residential electric rates — including those for solar users — to more fairly allocate costs for electric service among all of SDG&E’s customers.
ADVANCED METERS
SoCalGas is upgrading nearly 6 million meters with digital modules to provide access
to hourly and daily data, so customers can better manage their energy usage.
Mexican Initial Public Offering and South American Growth
In the first quarter 2013, Sempra International’s Mexican subsidiary raised nearly $1 billion of external capital through successful debt and equity offerings. The subsidiary, which was renamed IEnova, became the first energy company to be listed on the Mexican stock exchange and now ranks as the second-largest energy company in Mexico, with $3.2 billion in total assets and
nearly 500 employees. We have retained an 81-percent ownership of IEnova, an investment that, at the end of 2013, had increased in value $1.2 billion since the initial public offering.
Our public offerings at IEnova are consistent with our plan to establish local ownership of our international assets. The offerings also coincide with Mexico’s recent energy reforms: Federal legislation enacted in 2013 will open up more of the country’s energy sector to private investment and provide more opportunities to expand our Mexican energy business.
 MEXICAN IPO
In June 2013 ceremonies at the Mexican stock exchange, Sempra Energy executives marked the successful initial public offering of IEnova. From left: Mark Snell, president; Luis Téllez, board member; Debra Reed, chairman and CEO; and Carlos Ruiz, chairman and CEO of IEnova.
On its own and in joint ventures with Pemex (Mexico’s state-owned oil and gas company), IEnova is developing nearly 1,000 miles of new pipelines in Mexico. These projects include three new natural gas pipelines and an ethane pipeline, representing a total investment by IEnova exceeding $1.5 billion.
Luz del Sur and Chilquinta Energía, our two South American electric utilities, also continue to prosper. Collectively, they serve 1.6 million customers in Peru and Chile. The economies of Chile and Peru have been growing annually at a robust rate of 5 percent to 6 percent — faster than the U.S. economy. Accordingly, Luz del Sur and Chilquinta Energía are seeing strong growth in their customer bases and energy sales, along with increasing opportunities for investment in new infrastructure.
In 2014, Luz del Sur’s first hydroelectric project will go into service, opening the door to pursue additional opportunities in electric generation. Additionally, as part of a joint venture, Chilquinta Energía is developing four new electric transmission projects in Chile.
   ii n

  Exporting U.S. Natural Gas and an Expanding Renewable Energy Footprint
Sempra U.S. Gas & Power has natural gas pipeline, storage and utility assets, but the most important project is at our Cameron LNG terminal in Louisiana. The shale gas revolution has created a boom in domestic natural gas production that experts predict will result in the U.S. being a net exporter of natural gas by 2020. Cameron LNG will liquefy and process U.S. gas for export abroad to gas-hungry markets in Asia and Europe.
We received a conditional permit in February 2014 from the U.S. Department of Energy to export natural gas to non-Free-Trade-Agreement countries — principally Japan, the largest potential market for U.S. gas. Among nearly two dozen proposed liquefied natural gas (LNG) export projects, Cameron LNG became just the sixth to receive this approval from the Department of Energy and is first in line among proposed projects to receive approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to begin construction.
We expect our facility to be fully permitted and under construction in 2014, with commercial operations beginning in 2018. The facility, which is projected to cost $9 billion to $10 billion, is designed to have three liquefaction trains processing up to 1.7 billion cubic feet of gas per day in 2019.
In 2013, we made significant progress in permitting and financing the project, as well as finalizing the joint-venture ownership structure and engineering contract. Cameron LNG signed 20-year tolling capacity and joint-venture agreements with GDF SUEZ S.A., Mitsubishi Corporation and Mitsui & Co., Ltd., to support the development, financing and construction of the facility. We will retain a 50.2-percent interest in the project, while our three joint-venture partners each will hold a 16.6-percent interest.
Sempra U.S. Gas & Power also has become one of the largest U.S. developers and operators of large-scale renewable energy projects. Mostly through joint ventures, the company has nearly 1,400 megawatts (MW) of solar and wind projects in operation in seven states, with nearly 400 MW more under construction.
PERU HYDROPOWER PROJECT
Luz del Sur’s 100-megawatt Santa Teresa hydroelectric project, located more than 700 miles from Lima, Peru, will generate power using water channeled through a newly excavated tunnel nearly 2.5 miles long.
Our strategy is to have Sempra U.S. Gas & Power be
a 50-percent owner in its renewable energy projects and, in 2013, the company entered into a 50-50 joint venture with Consolidated Edison Development for the 150-MW Mesquite Solar 1 and 150-MW Copper Mountain Solar 2 facilities.
Executing Our Strategic Plan
In 2014, across all of our businesses, we expect to complete more than $2 billion in projects that will fuel the growth in our earnings over the next year and beyond. The key to making this happen is discipline and execution. We are disciplined in the market opportunities we pursue and we effectively manage risk: Before construction even begins, our major infrastructure projects are largely contracted for 20-plus-year terms with counterparties that have strong credit.
We also have built a deep and talented management bench to execute our strategic plan. We spend considerable time identifying leadership talent throughout our organization and providing people with opportunities to manage different aspects of our business. We believe this approach results not only in
a well-rounded management team, but also facilitates succession planning. In 2014, due to some key retirements, three of our four principal subsidiaries will have new CEOs — Jeff Martin at SDG&E, Dennis Arriola at SoCalGas and Patti Wagner at Sempra U.S. Gas & Power.
Our 17,000 employees and I are committed to continue achieving superior financial results for you, while delivering safe and reliable energy to more than 31 million consumers worldwide. It’s a commitment we take to heart, knowing that you have invested your trust in us. Thank you for your ongoing support.
Sincerely,
Debra L. Reed
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 n iii
