  STEPHEN L. BAUM, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Fellow Shareholders
2001 was a turbulent year for the energy industry: Few energy companies were unscathed. Sempra Energy not only survived, it thrived.
Sempra Energy delivered record earnings of $ 518 million for 2001, or $2.52 per share, up 22 percent over 2000, as our newer businesses continued to expand. Our total return to shareholders was 9.9 percent, outperforming the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and the Standard & Poor’s Utilities Index.
PAGE 5

BUILDING VALUE
Three years ago, when we formed Sempra Energy, we focused on providing broad energy solutions in selected markets. We started or acquired new businesses, such as Sempra Energy Trading, to deliver those solutions. Since that time, we’ve built these businesses with care, operated them conservatively and set aggressive goals. We have met or exceeded these goals.
Overall, our integrated portfolio of businesses is growing ahead of plan. The companies that comprise Sempra Energy’s Global Enterprises group surpassed — two years ahead of schedule — the goal of contributing one-third of Sempra Energy’s total earnings. Now, we have set an even more aggressive goal of realizing one-half of our earnings from this group by the year 2004. We have set these targets while at the same time continuing to generate steady earnings from our California utilities.
By building a balanced portfolio of businesses, we have laid a strong foundation for continued earnings-per-share growth. Our goal is to achieve an annual average earnings-per-share growth rate of approximately 8 percent to 10 percent over the period 2001 to 2006. As of year-end, we had about $2.2 billion in liquidity, giving us the financial flexibility to fund projects that create shareholder value.
We are committed to maintaining a transparent balance sheet and strong, investment- grade credit ratings.
THE STRENGTH OF LEADERSHIP
Our accomplishments in 2001 went beyond the numbers and reflected the dedication and skill of our more than 11,000 employees.
Sempra Energy navigated one of the most difficult years California has ever seen. This accomplishment is due, in large part, to our foresight several years ago, when we recovered our stranded costs as quickly as possible under California’s deregulation law. We did this to ensure our viability and stability in the face of what seemed, at the time, to be a highly unlikely scenario — one in which energy prices would spike to record levels.
We emerged from 2001 with our balance sheet strong and our strategic plans for growth intact.
PAGE 6

 We crafted an innovative Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the state of California designed to lift the burden of a $750 million balancing account for past energy costs from the shoulders of San Diego Gas & Electric customers, without any increase in base electric rates. The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) denied a key component of the MOU early in 2002. We are proceeding with litigation on this matter.
In 2001, we found other ways to become part of the solution to the California energy crisis. By contracting with the California Department of Water Resources to supply up to 1,900 megawatts of power to the state for the next 10 years, Sempra Energy — through Sempra Energy Resources — is building, either through sole or joint ventures, more than 2,300 megawatts of new generation for the region. Now that spot prices have fallen dramatically, state officials have called for renegotiation of the contracts and also attacked their validity in regulatory proceedings. We have agreed to meet with the state, but any changes to these contracts must be mutually agreeable and beneficial.
Equally important, our California utilities have continued to deliver safe and reliable service to their customers, along with a solid return to our corporation. I cannot over- state the significance of such performance, especially under the unusually demanding circumstances we encountered this past year.
A PLAN FOR GROWTH
Each year since Sempra Energy’s founding in 1998, we have set tough but realistic goals for our business units. In 2001, we again met or exceeded these goals. We take the same disciplined approach to capital spending. Our efforts are focused in three
  PAGE 7
 Sempra Energy is partnering with CMS Energy Corporation to develop a liquefied natural gas receiving terminal in Baja California, Mexico. When completed, this LNG terminal could supply up to 1 billion cubic feet per day of natural gas to the United States and Mexico.
 
areas: growing Sempra Energy Trading, building critical energy infrastructure in the Southwestern United States and Northern Mexico, and ensuring that our California utilities continue delivering safe, reliable and efficient service.
These investments are paying off.
In 2001, we saw dramatic growth in our wholesale energy trading business, Sempra Energy Trading, whose profits increased 26 percent. In the wake of the Enron collapse, Sempra Energy Trading continues to manage its business prudently and maintains among the lowest risk profiles in the industry.
Last year, we captured other new opportunities — and capitalized on existing investments — in the high-growth energy markets of the Southwestern United States and Northern Mexico. In October 2001, we announced a partnership to develop a liquefied natural gas (LNG) receiving terminal south of Tijuana. This proposed plant would provide a new source of natural gas for the Southwest with the ability to produce up to 1 billion cubic feet a day. Meanwhile, construction of our North Baja gas pipeline is well under way. We expect it to be fully operational by the summer of 2002.
CORPORATION AND COMMUNITY
At the end of 2001, we initiated an organizational change that we believe will result in a more effective company. By bringing together the best practices of our two California utilities — Southern California Gas Company and San Diego Gas & Electric — under a single management organization, we expect efficiencies that will improve performance. Similarly, we have created a new stand-alone organization at Sempra Energy Global Enterprises.
( R I G H T ) Base Metals: Sempra Energy expanded its commodity trading operations in 2002 by acquiring London-based Enron Metals Limited, the leading metals trader on the London Metals Exchange. Now re-named Sempra Metals Limited, the company is active in brokering and market-making in base
metals,includingaluminum,copper,nickel,tinandzinc. (OPPOSITE PAGE) MosaicofCultures: The diversity of Sempra Energy’s employees is key to the company’s strength. Pictured here, from left, are utility employees Russell Jackson, Harry Ogilvie, Ruben Rodriguez and Julia Lyles.
 PAGE 8
  
   PAGE 9
We are pleased to announce several important honors the company earned. In December 2001, we received the “Energy Risk Manager of the Year” award from London-based Energy Power and Risk Management magazine. This award recognizes our culture of prudent risk management.
In July 2001, we achieved the No. 5 spot on Fortune magazine’s annual list of “America’s 50 Best Companies for Minorities.” This recognition marked Sempra Energy’s fourth consecutive year being honored as one of the top five companies in promoting diversity. We are extremely proud of our employees, who come from a mosaic of cultures and backgrounds. They are a major asset for our business. Their spirit and endeavor drive Sempra Energy’s success.
Their spirit also includes great generosity. The majority of Sempra Energy employees contributed to the cause of helping the families affected by the attacks of September 11. As a company, Sempra Energy made contributions of $1.25 million to The Power of America Fund and The September 11 Fund.
LOOKING AHEAD
We have renewed our goals for 2002 and beyond. They are to grow our earnings over the period 2001 through 2006 at an average rate of 8 percent to 10 percent a year; to increase the contribution to earnings of Sempra Energy’s new growth businesses to 50 percent by 2004; and to maintain strong, investment-grade credit ratings.
We will do this as a company of high ethical standards — a company that is a good, safe place to work for our employees, and an attractive investment for shareholders.
On behalf of the employees of Sempra Energy, I proudly thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
STEPHEN L. BAUM
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
   