 Stephen L. Baum
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
    Continuing to capitalize on new opportunities and execute our focused strategy.
By all accounts, 2004 was a milestone year for Sempra Energy. We posted our sixth consecutive year of record earnings, made substan- tial progress in executing our growth strategy and set the foundation
 for future leadership of the company.
For the year, we generated net income of $895 million, an increase of 38 percent over the $649 million earned in 2003. Our earnings per diluted share were $3.83, up 26 percent from 2003. Our energy- trading and power-generation units both demonstrated strong earnings growth, while our utilities continued their solid financial and operating performance.
In February 2005, the board of directors increased the annual dividend by 16 percent, based on the successful execution of our strategy and the expected cash flows from our growing businesses. This will allow the company to increase cash returns to shareholders in the short term while continuing to invest necessary capital for long-term growth.
We made major strides in advancing our liquefied natural gas (LNG) import business, signing supply and capacity agreements for our Energía Costa Azul facility in Baja California, Mexico. When it begins operations in 2008, Energía Costa Azul will be the first LNG receipt terminal on North America’s West Coast, able to supply natural gas markets in the Southwestern United States and Mexico. Supply and capacity negotiations continue for our Cameron LNG terminal in Louisiana. We are ready to commence construction, once these negotiations are completed. We also began permitting a third receipt terminal in Port Arthur, Texas, due to come online in 2009.
    
Our California utilities—San Diego Gas & Electric (SDG&E) and Southern California Gas Co. (SoCalGas)—earned final approval from the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) in December
for the first phase of their rate-setting plans. These plans ensure that both utilities will continue to earn a reasonable return on their investments over the next three years while providing exceptional service to their 23 million consumers.
The State of California has returned SDG&E to its role as a full-ser- vice energy provider. In June 2004, the CPUC approved SDG&E’s regional energy-reliability plan, which calls for the acquisition of a new 550-megawatt (MW) natural gas-fired power plant being con- structed near San Diego by Sempra Generation (formerly Sempra Energy Resources). SDG&E expects to assume ownership and operation of the plant when it is completed in 2006. As part of its approved plan, SDG&E also will acquire renewable energy resources
    Don Felsinger President and Chief Operating Officer
and enter into a 10-year power-purchase agreement. The new infra- structure, including transmission upgrades, will add more than $700 million to the utility rate base.
Sempra Commodities (formerly Sempra Energy Trading) enjoyed a record year amidst volatile commodity markets. At the end of 2004, the company had registered six consecutive years of profitability, due to its strong risk management, and product and geographic diversity. Given the industry turmoil in recent years with many
    “At a time when many others in our industry have retreated and rein- vented themselves, Sempra Energy has stayed the course and executed our strategy successfully. We pride ourselves on bucking conventional wisdom—testing the widely held theories through our own thorough research—and staying one step ahead of marketplace needs.”
—Don Felsinger
traditional competitors exiting the sector, Sempra Commodities’ achievements are even more remarkable.
Sempra Generation benefited from the first full year of operation
of its new power plant fleet in the Southwest. Additionally, in July 2004, Sempra Generation assumed management of the Coleto Creek Power Station, a 632-MW coal-fired Texas power plant, along with eight other Texas power plants. These facilities were acquired jointly on a 50-50 basis with a financial partner for $430 million. We now have a strong foothold in the profitable Southwestern U.S. power market—as well as a reliable stream of future earnings from its portfolio of mid- and long-term supply contracts.
Sempra Energy International continues to prosper with its Latin American transmission and distribution businesses, and has added an intensified market focus on natural gas pipelines and storage facilities. As such, we have changed the company’s name to Sempra Pipelines & Storage and concentrated on developing natural gas infrastructure in North America, including two new storage facilities in Louisiana. These new facilities will complement our LNG develop- ment activities on the Gulf Coast.
To increase efficiencies, we have integrated the operations of our former Sempra Energy Solutions unit into Sempra Generation and Sempra Commodities.
With my planned retirement at the end of January 2006, our board of directors has taken the steps to transition to new leadership. In
    
June 2004, the board announced the election of Don Felsinger to the position of president and chief operating officer of Sempra Energy. Don, who previously served as group president of Sempra Global, has worked for Sempra Energy and SDG&E for 32 years. He and Neal Schmale, our chief financial officer, also were elected to the Sempra Energy board of directors. When I retire in 2006, Don is slated to become chief executive officer and Neal, chief operating officer, for Sempra Energy.
I could not be more proud of what we’ve collectively accomplished during my stewardship of Sempra Energy. Over the past six years, we’ve achieved more than 20 percent compounded annual growth in earnings per share and our stock value has enjoyed steady apprecia- tion. In fact, our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 and the S&P Utility Index over the last five years.
Today, we are one of the very few integrated energy companies that successfully operates both regulated utilities and competitive energy businesses. Our California utilities emerged from the energy crisis of 2000-01 financially sound and dedicated to ensuring reliable energy supplies for their customers into the future, while maintaining their traditionally high levels of service. On the competitive side of the business, we have built one of the most successful energy-trading operations in North America, assembled a profitable and efficient power-generation portfolio, and gained first-mover advantage in the
Neal Schmale
Chief Financial Officer
      North American LNG market.
At the core of our success are the determined efforts of our 13,000 employees and our unwavering focus on successful execution of our strategy. We are committed to prudent risk management in every facet of our business and to preserving a solid balance sheet, so that we have the flexibility to take advantage of market opportunities today and in the future.
We also remain committed to being an active and integral member of the communities in which we operate. I am proud of our achieve- ments in employment and supplier diversity, as well. In 2004, for the sixth consecutive year, Sempra Energy was ranked as one of the top five U.S. companies for minorities by Fortune magazine.
Finally, I want to thank you—our shareholders—for all your support during my tenure as chief executive officer. Going forward, you can rest assured that our new leadership team is every bit as dedicated to increasing the value of your investment and continuing what has become one of the great success stories in the energy business.
Sincerely,
Stephen L. Baum
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     “Sempra Energy has a solid balance sheet, ample liquidity and strong, investment-grade credit ratings—all hallmarks of a successful company. But, none of these would be possible if we didn’t make sound investment decisions. That’s why our focus is
on managing our risks effectively and maintaining financial flexibility, so that we can take advantage of the opportunities provided by a wide variety of economic conditions.”
—Neal Schmale
    