SEABOARD CORPORATION Letter to Stockholders
Although we posted significantly lower results in 2015 versus the prior year, we are coming off an all-time record year at Seaboard, led by our two protein divisions, Seaboard Foods and Butterball. As I pointed out in last year’s letter, “past performance is no guarantee of future results.” I recognize that this statement doesn’t take much clairvoyance but it is certainly true that the variables that affect our businesses are many and in the agriculture, energy and transportation world, the markets are volatile and largely unpredictable. That said, in the areas where we are a leader, we have accomplished a lot this year and laid out clear plans for the future to grow and improve the businesses we are invested in, with clear cut targets and long term goals.
2015 marked a continuation of a favorable downward movement in key cost components for us. Grain, oilseeds and energy prices all moved lower and took costs and product prices with them. At the same time, the relatively strong dollar fundamentally hampered exports of US protein products and impacted volume of US origin cargoes carried by Seaboard Marine. We don’t see much change in grain and fuel prices for 2016, as we are in the midst of a supply driven market with suspect demand worldwide. Short of a “black swan” event, we expect little upside on our key cost components in 2016.
Earnings before taxes were down 55% in 2015, from $536 million in 2014 to $241 million in 2015, although operating cash flow remained strong at $416 million in 2015 versus $374 million in 2014. We continue to invest heavily in selected divisions of the company with capital equipment, strategic investments and internal system improvements. Over the last five years, we have spent on average $1.69 for every dollar of depreciation expense, demonstrating our continued focus on capital investment. Going forward, we have ambitious plans and expect to maintain or expand at these levels. With that in mind, and with extremely attractive interest rates, we borrowed $500 million of fixed term financing to capitalize on historically low rates and facilitate an aggressive spending program in the next several years.
Of significance over the last few years, we have entered into joint venture structures in our US protein businesses beginning with our acquisition of a 50% interest in Butterball in 2010 and continuing with our partnership with Triumph Foods. While we have been utilizing partnerships within our overseas group for over 50 years, this marks a nuanced approach in our protein businesses. We have done this for a few important reasons: with our model of vertical integration and our interest in becoming a significant presence in the markets we serve, we felt the need to bring in a strategic partner to contribute capital resources, to bring a unique perspective but with a common goal and to align with a mindset similar to ours where quality of product and service and underlying values are key elements to the customer experience.
SEABOARD FOODS
After a record year in 2014, Seaboard Foods returned to more normalized earnings in 2015. With the widespread PEDV health issues presently under control, product prices declined with a commensurate decline in grain costs. Although dollar sales decreased, unit volumes were up as pork competed more effectively in the protein category.
Seaboard Foods made significant progress in many areas in 2015. First and foremost, we formed a joint venture with Triumph Foods to build a state of the art hog processing facility on a greenfield site in Sioux City, Iowa, with the capacity to process three million hogs a year on a single shift. As part of the joint venture, we will each support the plant by supplying a portion of its hog production needs once complete in mid-2017. In the summer this year, our other joint venture with Triumph Foods, Daily’s Premium Meats, will complete its new bacon facility in St. Joseph, Missouri. In its first phase, Daily’s plans to produce 60 million pounds per year of raw bacon. We are extremely excited about Daily’s expanding its presence into the Midwest and South/Northeastern markets with a first class national foodservice distributor. Its thick cut hickory smoked bacon is like none other...
In addition, we have strengthened ourselves organizationally in filling selected positions with talented and energetic people. We are in the process of completing a transformation of our technological capabilities with new software systems and improvement in our departmental functionality. With our integrated model and goal of producing consistent and quality products, we plan on capitalizing on this with additional value added capabilities through alliances with other companies and potential acquisitions which are designed to deepen our presence in the retail and wholesale channels.
With stable grain prices, competitively priced pork against other proteins, and a relatively positive outlook on export markets, we look forward to another year of solid results for Seaboard Foods.
2 2015 Annual Report

BUTTERBALL
SEABOARD CORPORATION Letter to Stockholders
Butterball delivered record results in 2015 driving top and bottom line growth across its business channels and nearly every product category. This growth resulted from the execution of the company’s vision and long range plan—to create sustainable, value-added growth while investing in the Butterball brand to broaden its relationship with consumers and expand its potential for growth.
In 2015, Butterball drove more value-added sales both in absolute volume and as a percentage of total sales. Value- added volumes grew to 70% of sales, up 6% from 2014. Butterball invested in production infrastructure to permanently improve its cost structure, competitive position and quality control while expanding overall capacity to keep up with rapid sales growth. This included the acquisition of the Raeford facility in North Carolina to produce fresh raw products like ground turkey and to expand cooked turkey capacity. Butterball is also installing a state-of-the-art turkey bacon production and slicing operation in Montgomery, Illinois, which should reduce co-packing and improve ongoing profitability. Butterball also continued to invest in its brand through consumer advertising and promotion to drive the highest brand awareness of any brand of turkey.
Butterball grew its business significantly across the entire organization in 2015. Its retail division achieved record sales, increased market share of Thanksgiving whole turkey sales and drove double-digit volume sales growth with many of the dominant retailers, club stores and foodservice distributors. All in all, an excellent year which we believe positions Butterball well for consistent earnings going forward.
SEABOARD OVERSEAS GROUP
Although the Commodity Trading and Milling Division posted back-to-back losses in the last two years from its affiliate investments, these negative results can be largely attributed to our flour milling investment in Brazil and, to a lesser extent, our industrial bakery investment in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. In Brazil, we and our partner, were slow to understand the complexities and weaknesses of this business and were slow to react and rectify the situation. In the Congo, the challenges of operating in a capital and labor intensive industry in a harsh and difficult market has taken more time to overcome than anticipated.
Aside from these two challenging locations, the division actually performed well in select markets and, overall, operating income remained positive at $2 million for 2015. Generally our industrial operations responded well to lower commodity prices; however, in many markets, US dollar strength created losses due to our inability to reprice inventories in local currencies and also generated balance sheet translation losses. The grain trade remains highly competitive and requires a deep understanding of risk management and price movement, ability to effectively source raw material worldwide, expertise in logistics and flexibility in meeting customer requirements. Also of note, we merged a significant portion of our specialty foods group, PS International, with a leading multi-species protein export company called Interra and now own a 40% interest in the surviving company. Interra is a well-respected company with a clear vision and a set of values which line up especially well with Seaboard. The combined entity is expected to bring additional export destinations for our turkey and pork businesses and bring additional synergies in transportation and market intelligence with Seaboard Marine and the Overseas Group.
In 2015, we continued to add to our portfolio of grain processing and trading businesses with additional shareholdings in Botswana, Turkey, Morocco and Uruguay. In 2016, we will complete the replacement of our fleet of seven bulk vessels with the delivery of four shallow draft eco-ships to better integrate our supply chain to affiliate and third party destinations. (Our timing could have been better with the over-supply of all classes of bulk ships but we are well positioned with these specialty ships when the market rebounds).
This industry is extremely competitive and well-capitalized, but we have a unique model by integrating our “in house” processing business with third-party trade and that we believe, over time, will deliver more consistent earnings.
SEABOARD MARINE
Despite the continued decline in containerized freight rates and relatively stagnant global trade volumes, Seaboard Marine returned to profitability in 2015. This turnaround came amid industry wide losses for all major container lines and a poor prognosis for this coming year. While primarily the result of lower fuel costs, these positive results were also a result of cutting costs without sacrificing on service which is an integral part of our customer offering. Significant improvements were made in vessel makeup (larger, more fuel efficient ships), labor efficiencies, better utilization of terminal equipment, upgrades on port land, enhancements of terminal in-house processes and greater volumes to
2015 Annual Report 3

SEABOARD CORPORATION Letter to Stockholders
distribute overheads. In addition, cheaper fuel and flat charter hire rates (with increased capacity) dropped to the bottom line. Product mix also improved with more specialized cargo and greater refrigerated cargoes. As steel prices and transportation rates decline, we have capitalized on replacement of dry and refrigerated containers as well as top loaders, mobile harbor cranes and other terminal equipment.
2016 might be another challenging year with the industry expected to lose over $5 billion according to a leading shipping consultancy firm. That said, there is consolidation occurring in the industry with a shrinking of global and regional carriers. Current rates are not sustainable over the long term and a rationalization of shipping assets must occur in order to ensure a reliable and consistent service. At Seaboard Marine, we will continue to look for opportunities to expand our route structure without jeopardizing our current network and should an accretive investment opportunity present itself, we would be keen to expand our country and customer base.
TABACAL
Our sugarcane production and processing business in Northern Argentina struggled this year. The Argentine political and economic environment was quite unstable leading up to the November elections. The sugar industry was saddled with overcapacity, high labor expenses, and increased competition from both high fructose corn syrup and artificial sweeteners. We also suffered from some unusual weather.
On the bright side, for the last several years we have been diversifying the business of Tabacal. By adding alcohol and electricity production we gained two revenue streams that are less sensitive to peso fluctuation and are much less dependent on labor. These helped mitigate the negative results from sugar in 2015. We are hopeful that the new, more commercially minded government, continued investment in these businesses and a focus on identifying additional opportunities in Argentina to utilize our large land base and highly competent management staff will deliver positive operating results in the future.
TCC
2015 was an especially challenging year for our Dominican Republic power plant with declining fuel prices and unfavorable pricing of natural gas versus heavy fuel oil. Also in 2014, we reduced our power generation assets from 180 MW to 108 MW (excluding our 29.9% interest in a 300 MW diesel fired plant). Looking back over the last 15 years of operation, TCC has been a great earnings contributor and as measured by return on assets, one of our best businesses financially. Going forward, we plan on merchandising more power to industrial users in the private sector as opposed to reliance on the spot market with large distributors. This should better our average selling price and bring more consistent revenue. Looking out over the next five years, we plan on entering allied businesses within the energy sector through commercial sales of solar power, fuel storage facilities, gas transmission lines and management services in the power generation field. As mentioned in previous letters, TCC is a reliable and well respected company in the Dominican Republic and this should serve us well as we branch out into other energy related fields.
Ideally, stockholders expect increasing earnings coupled with steady growth over time. In the industries Seaboard has chosen, this isn’t a reasonable expectation. While our focus on costs and quality may seem basic and obvious, if taken seriously on a daily basis, it should result in losing less when market conditions are bad and making more when they are good. As we have also learned, execution of plans and learning from mistakes are also critical considerations. We are very mindful of contracting margins in some of our businesses and we will make every effort to improve on past performance.
As always, I’d like to thank our company associates, customers, partners and stockholders for their support and patience through these unpredictable times and particularly those people who have shown their care and loyalty to Seaboard for many years and have given us a reputation we cherish and protect. Our success is your success and for this, we are most grateful.
Steven J. Bresky President and
Chief Executive Officer
  4 2015 Annual Report
