SEABOARD CORPORATION
Letter to Stockholders
Despite the chaotic and extraordinary business climate in 2008, we managed to post reasonable returns, which, in light of the global financial crisis, is a testament to our model of a diverse mix of vertically integrated commodity businesses. Given the loss of confidence in the private sector, the tightening of credit from financial institutions and the severe recession worldwide, we are fortunate to be in basic industries that may falter but should not fail when managed carefully and conservatively. With government intervention around the world now a major force in the fundamental workings of economies, we don’t expect a turnaround to a healthier market-driven economy for an extended period. Needless to say, these are startling times.
In 2008, we achieved the highest revenue in the Company’s history at more than $4.2 billion, mostly as a result of higher unit prices and, to a lesser extent, because of increased unit volume. Operating income of $121.8 million was 28% less than in 2007 and 47% less than our trailing five-year average. Generally, margins suffered due to higher costs, but prices of our main inputs, namely grain, energy and transportation, declined sharply in the latter half of the year and we hope it will be less volatile going forward. In 2008, the price fluctuations of these cost components were nothing short of astounding, and we did a credible job of managing the risks. Of grave concern is the abrupt slowdown in economies around the world and the potential for protectionism and shrinking international trade. We are vulnerable in all major divisions as our reliance on exports from the U.S. and a market-driven economy are critical components of our success.
On the bright side, the Commodity Trading and Milling Division had an unprecedented year in sales and operating income and far surpassed its previous records in both areas. Well managed grain and ocean freight positions, expanded trade with third parties, including results of our newly formed Rice business, and generally improved margins all contributed toward sales of $1.9 billion and operating income of $ 96.5 million. As wheat and feed ingredient prices moderated in the last half of the year, our milling volumes recovered at many locations in Africa and the Americas, and we look forward to stability and perhaps growth in market share in select countries. This past year, we altered several company structures at overseas locations through mergers, closures, expansions and additions, and we will continue to make such changes where we believe it makes sense and when it affords us an opportunity to improve our competitive position. We continue to expand our integrated model of supplying third parties and our own affiliates with grain and grain by-products.
Seaboard Foods endured another year of high feed costs without a commensurate offset of higher product prices. Congress has not, to date, legislated changes to the Renewable Fuel Standard, which mandates increased production of biofuels through 2012. The unintended consequence of this provision of the U.S. Energy Policy Act is the linking of the price of corn-based ethanol with that of fossil fuels. As a result, the production costs of all animal proteins, including pork, have risen dramatically due to higher ingredient prices. We are optimistic that this will get resolved in the long term through market forces. Until then, total meat supply, including beef and poultry, should shrink, causing a better balance between cost and revenue for our vertically integrated pork operations.
In Guymon, Oklahoma, we completed construction of our 30-million-gallon biodiesel facility and began production during the second quarter. This plant allows us to use our own animal fat as well as raw materials from third parties as inputs. During the startup, we experienced some operational difficulties and incurred negative margins for the year, but we expect better results in 2009. We also have enhanced our process to comply with all newly implemented ASTM standards, which will allow us to meet European quality requirements and ship biofuel to these markets in the future. In addition, during the first half of 2009, we expect to complete the construction of our ham-boning operation in Reynosa, Mexico, and commence operations there, which will give us the flexibility to produce additional value-added products for the high-volume Mexican market.
2009 also will be a challenging year as processing margins have narrowed sharply and hog production losses will continue at least through the spring. One mitigating factor in 2008 was that, once again, the U.S. pork industry set a new record volume of exports with a 49% year-over-year increase. Although analysts are predicting a marginal decrease in these volumes in 2009, we are optimistic that continued strong exports will support domestic prices. Currency levels, trade policies and economic health will significantly affect the level of pork exports that we realize in 2009.
In April 2008, Seaboard Foods published its first sustainability report entitled "Sustainability & Stewardship." We are very excited about the release of this report as it illustrates the significant commitment that our company has made in the areas of quality, customer service, employees, environment, animal care and civic responsibility.
Seaboard Marine had another good year enjoying record volumes and revenues. Managing costs, particularly fluctuating fuel and charter hire costs, has been challenging with overall margins narrowing. Considerable effort has been made to control expenses, improve customer service through increased frequency of port calls and solidify our
2 2008 Annual Report

SEABOARD CORPORATION
Letter to Stockholders
U.S. and outport terminal infrastructures with capital programs. Of note, we extended our terminal lease at the Port of Miami through 2028, began vessel calls to and from Brooklyn, NY, and expanded our terminal facilities in Colombia and the Dominican Republic. We continue to upgrade our container fleet and hope to capitalize on lower ship values to upgrade our fleet of vessels.
The worldwide container shipping industry will be plagued by overcapacity in 2009 largely because of the global economic downturn. Given that Seaboard Marine’s business hinges on healthy multilateral trade within the Americas, more so than in other global trade lanes, it is critical that government trade policies and local economies within our regions remain market driven and robust. These elements are in play this year, and a confluence of negative factors could affect volumes and rates for Seaboard Marine.
Our Sugar and Citrus operation in Argentina struggled this past year despite the fact we realized higher revenue. Although sugar margins remained positive, citrus posted negative margins. Amid higher labor and administrative costs, operating income was down sharply. We are reviewing our position in the citrus business this year with a view toward mitigating some of the risks inherent in the fresh fruit and juice business.
The Argentine Government continues to attempt to manage inflation by putting price controls on certain staples and imposing export taxes on critical agricultural products. This has resulted in a degree of political unrest among farmers, in particular, and in the business community as a whole. Because the sugar industry is a large employer in many underdeveloped regions of Argentina, we don’t expect the government’s actions to significantly affect our business, except for its support of higher labor costs. On the positive side, the government has legislated a biofuels program that will create domestic demand for ethanol. The new law should reduce the amount of sugar that the country and Tabacal export each year at market-clearing world prices. Recent and ongoing investments in boiler and distillery capacity will give us the flexibility to use sugar cane production to manufacture either sugar or alcohol for the local market. With the planned completion of our investment in co-generation in 2010, we will have an extremely cost- efficient and flexible facility that will maximize revenue from our farm production. Since our acquisition in 1996, we have continually channeled profits into improving the productive assets of the Company, and we now have a world class sugar cane production and processing complex that should provide the necessary cash flows to return deployed capital.
Our power generation business in the Dominican Republic performed well in 2008 with increased operating income. With formula-driven sales contracts with private users and government-related entities, the success of the business is determined by cost containment and efficient performance of heavy fuel engines. On March 2, 2009, we provisionally sold our power barges to a company that plans to deploy them to another location in early 2011. Until then, we will continue to run the business and fulfill our contractual obligations to our current power users. Given our working knowledge of the power industry in the Dominican Republic, our equity investment in a 300-MW facility and the goodwill we believe we have built among our customer base, we plan to explore alternative energy investments in this country. We have enjoyed the support of the Dominican Republic government and the business community for 20 years and would like to remain invested in this country.
Over the last five years (2004-2008), Seaboard has enjoyed a reasonable measure of success with regard to share price, stockholder’s equity and revenue, realizing increases of 323%, 180% and 115%, respectively. Going forward, we face a different set of challenges with many factors outside of our control. However, we can work to manage costs and business risks, fortify our business model through integration and expansion and create a healthy work environment and company culture. It is our hope that we can accomplish this and, if successful, we can repeat and perhaps exceed our past financial performance.
As always, I am extremely appreciative of the hard work, integrity and company spirit that I see demonstrated day in and day out at Seaboard. I am grateful to be a part of this organization and I hope, as fellow shareholders, you are as well.
Steven J. Bresky President and
Chief Executive Officer
 2008 Annual Report 3
