SEABOARD CORPORATION
Letter to Stockholders
This was a challenging year for us financially as we suffered through both the general worldwide recession plus certain industry and country specific disruptions. With operations in 39 countries in a broad mix of industries, it is practically impossible to hit on all cylinders; on the other hand, this diversification fuels our growth and reduces volatility in our financial results. Globally, we can always count on supply and demand imbalances, political and economic disruptions and extraordinary natural and man-made disasters to create both challenges and opportunities. Controlling those areas which are within our control namely, quality of product, service and costs, and maintaining an effective operating environment and a well-defined culture, remain our goal at Seaboard. In this regard, we have not wavered in 2009.
Although net income for 2009 was down 37% from 2008, operating income, a more indicative reflection of performance, was down 80% year to year, from $121.8 million to $23.7 million. Gross margins have narrowed overall and we are mindful of the trend of our increased general and administrative expenses. Our balance sheet remains extremely strong with plenty of liquidity to fund working capital increases, weather unexpected losses and make substantial investments should opportunities arise. Over the last four years, we have spent almost $440 million in capital improvements to drive growth and to keep us operationally efficient and cost effective. We continue to monitor the marketplace in search of investments which are strategic and long-term in nature in hopes of finding complementary and synergistic businesses to augment our existing portfolio.
It’s hard to imagine a more chaotic year than 2008 but 2009 proved to be even more extraordinary for us. Specifically, we suffered through the havoc created by the H1N1 virus as it impacted the entire protein sector, including Seaboard Foods. This resulted in a sharp reduction in prices and volumes for several months. In addition, political forces took their toll in certain countries: in Argentina, with domestic price controls; in Venezuela, with nationalization of certain ports of call and in the U.S., with the increased role and impact of the federal government in the economy and commercial markets. Although each of these events affected us negatively, our diversification in business segments and geographic locations allowed us to cushion the blow and no single event caused irreparable or irreversible damage. As we expand our reach worldwide and broaden our interests, the probability of adverse incidents increases but with a lesser impact on the company overall.
While pork processing and further processing margins continued to produce good results, losses from hog production more than offset those positive results. The H1N1 flu and recessionary factors contributed to lower product prices by reducing overall demand. While 2009 was a difficult year for everyone in the industry, we remain extremely confident that the attributes of vertical integration such as food safety, product quality and consistency will provide us a competitive advantage over the long-term. Hog producers cannot sustain continued losses and although processors know this, competing meats, uncertainty in the export markets and permanent changes in feed grain usage/demand have resulted in an environment which has created volatility in our earnings. Ultimately, we believe the US will adapt to these changes by continuing to enlarge the supply of grain and by satisfying protein demand through efficient animal production and processing.
Including our marketing agreement with Triumph Foods, Seaboard Foods markets about 9% market share of all pork processed in the U.S., making us the fourth largest pork processor. We are also the second largest hog producer in the U.S. It is our intention to leverage this position to capture additional margins with a broader mix of value- added products, retail alliances and further processing activities.
Aside from these macro issues, we continue to launch new products for foodservice and retail markets in both the U.S. and abroad. With consistent quality, food safety and farm to market identification, we expect our vertically integrated system to continue to provide us significant opportunities as these issues become more and more important to end consumers in both domestic and export markets. We are hopeful that the toughest times are behind us.
Ocean transportation is one of the best indicators in gauging the health of the global economy and multi-lateral trade. Consistent with the worldwide recession and contracted global trade, both Seaboard Marine volumes and overall freight rates decreased in 2009. The strength of our many trade lanes depends on the health of tourism, textiles, mining and GNP growth in the Caribbean Basin and Latin America. This year marked the first decrease in year-over- year unit volumes for Seaboard Marine in over a decade. Many of our global competitors have suffered enormous losses over the last year due to shrinking trade volumes and overcapacity. Price wars ensued early in the year seemingly without regard for financial consequences. As trade patterns began to stabilize, shipping companies throughout the world began the process of reducing capacity in a variety of ways to match trade volumes. Due to reduced demand, ship charter rates decreased significantly and we were able to take advantage of these cost savings. Over the last several years, we have upgraded our container fleet and cargo handling equipment and with the decline in ship values, we continue to reconfigure our fleet through a combination of chartered and owned tonnage. This is a great opportunity to utilize more modern, efficient and versatile vessels.
Sadly, our weekly service into Port-au-Prince, Haiti was interrupted by the devastating earthquake on January 12, 2010. We are currently maintaining our service via a twice weekly feeder vessel from Kingston, Jamaica through the
2 2009 Annual Report

SEABOARD CORPORATION
Letter to Stockholders
temporary use of a sister company’s grain berth in Laffiteau, Haiti. Despite the tragedy, it has been gratifying to see Seaboard Marine and Commodity Trading and Milling (CT&M) work together to quickly and creatively provide the transportation and discharge facilities needed for critical relief and commercial cargoes.
Although many shipping lines drastically scaled back and suffered tremendous financial losses in 2009, Seaboard Marine stayed the course. All routes were maintained at a high service level. The philosophy of creative and responsive customer service will continue. Having created a network of strong port to port connections throughout the Caribbean Basin and Latin America over the years, Seaboard Marine remains well positioned to take advantage of growing trade volumes within the Western Hemisphere as the world economy recovers.
2009 proved to be another outstanding year for CT&M, an impressive result given the panic at the beginning of the year with commodity prices in a freefall. Maintaining normal inventory and forward positions for our grain processing facilities had a negative impact on earnings. However, our access to liquidity and lower replacement cost inputs allowed our operations to retain solid margins. The quick rebound in the freight markets also supported CT&M’s earnings as our ocean freight ownership contributed to bottom line results.
CT&M continues to expand its trading business to satisfy affiliate and third party raw material requirements by opening up new origins of supply, improving logistics through greater control of vessel transportation and modernizing port infrastructures. In lesser developed countries, controlling as many components of the supply chain as possible becomes critical to quality of service. Toward this end, we have opened commodity and freight trading offices in Europe, Latin America and the U.S. and we continue to pursue potential investments in selected grain origination markets. In addition, we are expanding our presence in specialty commodities through investments in infrastructure in Canada, rice milling assets in Guyana and a trading company acquisition which we expect to close in the near future. This year we have been successful in further integrating our milling and trading businesses by moving more products through our destination markets. This affords us a greater degree of security and product integrity. In 2010, we plan to further expand this model to move more cargo through our sister division, Seaboard Marine, and thus exercise more transactional control of our commodity trade.
CT&M plans to pursue the expansion of its industrial operations through the acquisition or green-field development of additional grain based businesses, down-stream industries such as poultry, baking and pasta and the expansion and renovation of our existing mill capacity in several markets. Our grain processing facilities remain a critical piece of our integrated supply chain model.
Tragically, the massive earthquake in Haiti took the lives of 15 employees of Les Moulins d’ Haiti, our non- consolidated milling operation near Port-au-Prince. Fortunately, the warehouse and storage facilities remain operational and adequate insurance coverage was in place allowing Les Moulins d’ Haiti to rebuild and expand capacity. We expect to resume milling operations in early 2011. Many of our employees and their families have lost their homes and suffered terribly as a result of this disaster. It is our intention to continue to support our employees in part through continued employment to support general cargo handling and flour merchandising through our private port facilities.
Tabacal has made significant progress toward maximizing the long-term value of its land and assets through the conversion of sugar cane into sugar, alcohol and energy. Despite some minor setbacks, this business should be well positioned to take advantage of an improved world sugar and alcohol outlook. In the latter half of 2009, world sugar prices rose sharply. This was triggered by India’s short crop and continued competition for sugar cane from ethanol. In particular, Brazilian sugar production continues to compete directly with ethanol demand for domestic and export consumption and sugar prices have risen in tandem with those of virtually all fossil fuel sources. Similarly, Argentina has recently implemented a program requiring the blending of ethanol into gasoline. This government program should help develop alcohol as a much needed source of energy as well as help stabilize the financial returns for land use.
Although we have seen a troubling decline in operating income over the last five years, we are not demoralized. In fact, in the face of these uncertain times, our diversified and integrated structure has proven to be a durable and sustainable model. Moreover, our success stems from the people who have devoted their careers to Seaboard, who, I believe, display a genuine sense of ownership and pride. Our people have helped to successfully carry us through good times and bad. In consistently adhering to the goal of producing quality products and services to our customers, maintaining a competitive spirit and conducting ourselves with professionalism, integrity and respect, we should continue to enjoy a good measure of success.
Steven J. Bresky President and
Chief Executive Officer
 2009 Annual Report 3
