SEABOARD CORPORATION
Letter to Stockholders
This year, in March, marked the passing of the Chairman of our Company, Harry Bresky. The Company lost an inspirational visionary leader, and I lost a mentor and my closest friend. Although Harry retired as CEO in 2006, I had hoped that we would have had more time to lean on him for his wisdom and business counsel. Nevertheless, his influence will always remain within the fabric of the Company.
Despite an extremely challenging business environment this past year, our financial results for 2007 were more than satisfactory. We recorded an all-time high in revenue of $3.2 billion and our third highest net income in company history. As we cautioned in previous shareholder letters, our earnings over the past few years have been extraordinary, with company and industry profitability at historic levels. Now, with various disruptions, mostly on the cost side, we will be challenged to sustain recent historical margins in all of our major businesses.
Last year, I mentioned that certain fundamental factors, including higher input costs, would affect our performance and indeed they have. Most significant has been the unprecedented run up in grain and oil seed prices, primarily stemming from U.S. Government legislation imposing mandates for renewable fuels. We did anticipate, to some degree, the impact this would have in the grain markets and we positioned ourselves accordingly. However, these additional purchases were not sufficient to offset the sustained and unprecedented upward movement in the derivative and physical ingredient markets. The impact of these higher grain costs was principally responsible for the overall decline in earnings year over year.
Seaboard Foods was hit the hardest by these cost increases, as margins narrowed significantly on the hog production side. Higher grain prices accounted for most of the decline in operating income for our Pork division in 2007. We anticipate that overall margins in our integrated business will remain under pressure well into 2008. On the positive side, we are starting to see some political and economic push back from food industry and environmental groups which could help to stabilize prices. Over time, the pork market should compensate for higher grain prices with fewer hogs, which will likely result in higher product prices. During this last year, we purchased the remaining 5 percent of Daily’s, our further processing business. Daily’s represents an important step in extending our reach in the value chain of our integrated business model in pork, and represents an integral part of our brand building efforts. We anticipate that construction of our biodiesel plant will be completed in the first quarter of 2008. This facility will be able to convert certain by-products, principally pork fat from our plant as well as animal fat and vegetable oil from third parties, into biodiesel. With this biodiesel plant in the U.S. and our conversion of sugar cane into ethanol in Argentina, we are taking a conservative approach to fossil fuel alternatives with low cost raw material stock, efficient energy conversions and proven technology.
Grain prices also had a significant impact on our Commodity Trading and Milling business. We saw a 57 percent increase in sales in 2007. This was a function of higher grain prices combined with a 22 percent increase in unit volumes. Operating income in 2007 was down from 2006, primarily because of our use of mark-to-market rather than hedge accounting. Looking forward, as grain prices reach all time highs and level off at these higher levels, the future is uncertain for our grain processing operations in lesser developed countries. Although bread and other grain- based foods have become staples in our markets over the last 25 years, they are quickly becoming luxury items within our consumer markets as product prices spiral higher. This is unfortunate, as flour is oftentimes fortified and vitamin enriched and cannot be substituted with similar health benefits derived from local starch-based crops. In 2008, we expect higher volumes and sales through restructured operations in several milling locations and the acquisition of a trading operation in Peru. In addition, we have entered the rice business through the formation of a trading company in Geneva, Switzerland, with expectations for rice milling assets to follow. Although there are plenty of challenges ahead for this division, we are optimistic that our integrated structure, loyal customer base and new- found alliances will position us well for the future.
Seaboard Marine, our cargo shipping and logistics company, continues to perform exceptionally well. Despite the marked increases in fuel and ship charter rates, Seaboard Marine has successfully maintained margins and profitability. By expanding its service and flexibility with additional ships, trade lanes and ports of call, Seaboard Marine has been able to take advantage of continuing strong economies in the majority of countries it serves in Central and South America. As we continue our multi-year program to upgrade our cargo carrying equipment, manage our owned and chartered vessel fleet and invest in port infrastructures, we expect to maintain our competitive edge and enhance our quality of service. Although we are faced with external challenges such as additional security demands and political and economic disruptions in certain locations, we believe our innovative and customer oriented approach will ensure our place as a leader in the industry. Marine’s success in 2008 will depend, in part, on how cost competitive U.S. goods are globally and the political and economic stability of the many countries we serve in Central and South America and the Caribbean.
2 2007 Annual Report

SEABOARD CORPORATION
Letter to Stockholders
Tabacal, our Argentinean sugar operation, continued to do reasonably well in 2007, despite significant local government intervention. In an effort to control local inflation, the government of Argentina continues to put in place price controls on most basic foodstuffs, including sugar. Our volumes were also down modestly due to prolonged below freezing temperatures during the growing season. During 2007, we expanded our acreage base in line with the expansion of our milling capacity. This additional capacity will be used primarily to produce ethanol instead of refined sugar. When we reach full production in 2009, we will triple our production of ethanol to approximately 48,000 cubic meters. This project is part of our program to enter the alternative fuels market with a low cost alternative to grain-based renewable fuel.
As a company accustomed to the volatility and radical movements in commodity type businesses, we know the importance of maintaining a strong and liquid balance sheet, particularly with the current fragility in the capital and credit markets. We expect the markets for agricultural commodities, energy and freight to remain turbulent in 2008, and we view this as a potential opportunity which our strong balance sheet will allow us to capitalize upon. We will continue to seek avenues for expansion in our existing businesses through internal growth, strategic alliances and outright acquisitions as opportunities arise. Although competition from hedge funds and private equity remains a factor, there is a greater degree of caution and a more disciplined approach in the equity markets, which should give us better access and more affordable growth strategies.
With unsettled world markets and an uncertain economic outlook in the U.S. and around the world, we are thankful to be in basic and essential businesses which are somewhat recession proof. Maintaining a steady and consistent approach in business and reinforcing our cultural values help to keep us on an even keel. As always, we are deeply appreciative of the people at Seaboard who have helped build this company into a world class competitor with an enviable reputation. You are all a part of this great Company, and I thank you for your contribution to our success.
Steven J. Bresky President and
Chief Executive Officer
 2007 Annual Report 3
