2
2012 Annual Report
SEABOARD CORPORATION Letter to Stockholders
2012 was another excellent year with operating income at $309.7 million, which was 31% better than our five year average. Book value increased approximately 12% to $1,927 per share and has doubled over the last six years. This year marked another all-time record in revenue, led by the commodity trading and milling division and in four of our five major businesses. Revenue growth is no measure of profitability, yet in our businesses, global expansion is critical to our success given the global nature of our individual industries. We have cast a wider net worldwide through internal expansion, outright acquisitions and additional partnerships.
The company’s expansion has led to operations in over 40 countries in five distinct but related industries. As the company grows, we are finding synergies between divisions, particularly between our trading, protein and transportation divisions, through a sharing of common customers, human resources, commercial and government networks. This has not been a “natural” behavior among autonomous and independently minded operations: however, in the end, we believe this company connection will help us individually and collectively become a more powerful and competitive company.
Each year brings a different set of challenges to the free market system making consistent earnings difficult to attain. We are faced with increased government regulations, political trade barriers, unpredictable government actions and artificial economic conditions. With this uncertain landscape also comes the opportunity to invest, not just in the United States, but worldwide. We have made some key acquisitions domestically and abroad, added partnerships in Africa and the Far East and executed well on operating and capital expenditure plans. In commodity businesses like ours, tough competition always challenges us to improve the quality of our products, services and customer relationships. In general, we are making inroads into more value added markets, particularly at Seaboard Foods and Butterball. Additionally, we see great opportunity in the clean energy field and “green” activities as it impacts all our divisions which are large users of heavy fuel, natural gas, diesel and alternative fuels. We plan to stay very current and invested in this area as it should be a game changer in the United States and elsewhere.
Commodity Trading & Milling
This was an outstanding year for the trading and milling group with record sales, solid earnings and commodity volumes that exceeded seven million metric tons for the second consecutive year. We have doubled our milling and trading volumes over the last five years. The group currently has ten principal trading offices and twenty eight industrial locations on five continents. Our business model remains the same; integrating our grain processing business with third party trade and elongating our supply chain from origination of raw materials to finished product. In today’s trading environment, it is essential to have a formidable position in each of these key areas, namely commodity origination, freight logistics and customer relationships. Each year we drive toward improving on these key components.
In the past year, we have increased our ownership of one of our major trading businesses, began flour and feed milling operations in Ghana, built out and began operations of a large bakery in Central Africa and contracted for the construction of four Eco-design bulk cargo vessels in China. Going forward, we plan on opening a new trade office in the Far East, adding other milling locations in Africa and further investing in specialty trade and logistics businesses. In addition, we are looking to broaden our footprint with investments in the Black Sea, Northern Africa andperhapstheFarEast. Asthemillingindustrybecomesmorecompetitive,wecontinuetolookforopportunities to invest in further processing facilities for flour and feed based products, from pasta and other baked goods to broiler and layer operations. As the lesser developed countries evolve and standards of living improve, it becomes increasingly important to get closer to the end customer. This means providing safe, convenient and good tasting products at an affordable price. The transition from generic wholesale goods to more consumer- driven, branded products is coming and we want to be at the forefront. We believe we can capitalize on this through our quality initiatives, marketing skills, product presentation and food safety protocols. These skill sets are not easy to replicate in the difficult operating environments where the Seaboard model excels.
Although we mostly operate in volatile and insecure countries, we are consistently profitable due to the diversity in our global portfolio. With our global footprint we now have the depth to originate grain from all competitive origins, manage ship logistics cost effectively and capture synergies between our milling facilities and trade offices.

Seaboard Foods
SEABOARD CORPORATION Letter to Stockholders
Although operating income fell far short of last year, it was 15% better than our five year average. Results were particularly solid from further processing. Daily’s, our bacon processing company, had record sales and earnings. Generally, pork volumes were about even with last year but grain prices were significantly higher than the previous year and adversely impacted our integrated model of production and processing. As long as ethanol mandates and crop insurance programs remain in place in the US, grain prices will remain high and dampen profitability and the prospect for growth in the protein sector. Per capita consumption of pork in the US remains flat and meat consumption has declined about 10% over the last five years. Growth will also be limited as many of the traditional exports markets for pork will be at risk with the quest for self-sufficiency, trade barriers, and a stronger dollar.
We continue our campaign to enhance quality and lower costs through an aggressive capital spending plan. On the production side, we added finishing barns in Kansas and a feed mill in Colorado. We have added cooling space and refrigeration in our Guymon, Oklahoma plant to further improve the quality, texture and shelf life of our primary products. We have begun the process of significantly improving truck transportation costs by utilizing cleaner, more economical fuels and making improvements in transportation systems management.
2013 will be a challenging year with the uncertainty in grain costs and expected limits on export volume growth. Opportunities lie in our ability to further capitalize on our integrated system. As customers become more focused on production practices, food safety, traceability and nutrition, we are well positioned to execute on these demands.
Seaboard Marine
2012 was a marked improvement financially over 2011 despite the fact that global and regional carriers are competing in a stalled market with flat container rates and cargo volumes. Fundamentally, the shipping industry is weak with an oversupply of ships, slow global trade and high fuel expenses. With less control over unit revenue, our focus has been on cost reductions in ship chartering and fuel expense while holding the line on terminal and trucking costs. We have been selling off our aging vessel fleet and replacing it with a mixture of more modern chartered and owned tonnage. Given the continued weakness in the freight markets, we believe our timing is good to reinvest in our fleet which will contribute toward lower unit costs on cargo carried.
In addition to ship renewal, we have devoted most of our capital expenditures toward new state of the art, environmentally friendly refrigerated containers and additional port equipment to more efficiently handle cargo. As other ocean carriers consolidate their services and reduce costs through larger volumes, we believe it is more important than ever to provide a “premium” service through dependable and reliable service while maintaining strong lines of communication with our customers.
This year marks our 30 year anniversary at Seaboard Marine. From two chartered ships and a small liner service in 1983, we now operate 36 ships in 27 countries with multiple routes from the US and multiple shipping points in the Americas. This growth is a testament to our loyal and expanded customer base and the dedicated personnel who understand what customer service means and do their best to provide it.
Tabacal
Tabacal, our Argentine sugar and alcohol business, had another strong year both operationally and financially. Our employees, operating in a country whose political and economic environment is quite challenging, despite a drought and significant labor issues, were able to mill more sugar cane and produce more alcohol than ever before. The alcohol business, which mostly sells to the national biofuels program, accounted for over a third of Tabacal’s operating profits in 2012. Our sugar business, with its reputation as a reliable supplier of high quality sugar was able to maintain its loyal customer base and enjoyed another year of significant profits.
We anticipate this year will present many challenges with large carryover stocks, a potentially record cane crop and a negligible increase in demand. However, we believe that relying on our strong agricultural production group, our integrated model and the potential increase in ethanol use will help the company return steady cash flows and profits in the next several years.
2012 Annual Report 3

TCC
SEABOARD CORPORATION Letter to Stockholders
Our power production business in the Dominican Republic had another great year with the start-up of our new 106 MW dual fuel power generation plant in March 2012. As mentioned in last year’s shareholder letter, we expected good returns from this new power facility and we have. Utilizing natural gas as our primary fuel source, we were able to lower our operating costs which flowed to earnings. Unfortunately, we were unable to run 100% on natural gas but we will focus over the next several years on opportunities to capitalize on this raw material supply which could contribute significantly to our bottom line. We are researching the potential of lower cost supplies of natural gas as the economic and political landscape develops in the United States regarding natural gas exports.
We continue to lease one of the power barges we sold in 2011 which has added incrementally to our revenue and earnings base. With record cash collections in 2012 we enter 2013 with a solid financial position in the local market. We expect 2013 will bring positive but lower comparable results due to higher natural gas purchase costs and the expiration of our tax holiday during 2012. Seaboard will continue to evaluate new business opportunities in the power sector in the Dominican Republic and in other countries.
Butterball
2012 was another excellent year for Butterball with increased volumes and revenue and prospects for further expansion and profitability. Despite the fact that the drought in the corn-belt contributed to higher grain costs and the extreme heat in the Midwest impacted our turkey production, we managed to exceed our expectations on earnings and continued to improve on operational initiatives.
We are pleased with our acquisition of 50% of Butterball. Now in our second full year of operations, we continue to be impressed by the strength of the brand name, the depth and strength of the workforce and the array of great tasting further processed products (Butterball is much more than whole birds at Thanksgiving!). As we continue on a path to develop our product lines, including R&D on consumer products, and improve on our integrated model, we are optimistic that our performance and results will continue to improve year after year. As a company with a great brand name, it is incumbent upon us to uphold and increase brand awareness through superlative quality, innovative and great tasting products and a strong advertising campaign.
Seaboard is no longer a small company with a handful of regional businesses. It now stands among the Fortune 500 (#427) and relies on over 22,000 individuals at our subsidiaries and affiliates on five continents to perform a multitude of tasks. I believe our people are intensely loyal and dedicated and contribute immeasurably toward the success of this company. I thank all our employees who make this company what we are today and what we will be tomorrow. As always, it is our loyal customers who appreciate and rely on our services and products that we are most grateful to and we hope to give you cause to continue to support us as we move forward in improving what we do.
We look forward to 2013 and the challenges ahead. As I have said before, big is not better (oftentimes it’s worse) and I speak for all of those at Seaboard in saying that, although growth has its benefits, it is not the largest measure of success. Being the best at what we do is our goal and it is our personal pride and pride in the company which will help us get there.
Steven J. Bresky President and
Chief Executive Officer
 4
2012 Annual Report
