        LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 To our shareholders:
A company doesn’t make it to its 131st anniversary without weathering a few storms. Scripps has endured – and thrived – by staying true to its core mission of being a news and public service organization determined to develop models that benefit audiences and advertisers alike. We have proved through many traumatic economic cycles that there is both a community benefit and an economic reward to be derived when you inform, engage and empower your customers.
The most recent storm was brutal. There’s no simpler way to describe 2009 for companies that operate TV stations and newspapers. Adjusting our business models for the Web-inspired changes in audience habits seemed like a big enough challenge before the worst recession in a generation was layered on to create a perfect storm of bad news.
Thanks to some tough decisions and shared sacrifice, however, we were able to stay the course and are now looking ahead, encouraged by improving business conditions and a strong financial position that will allow us to take advantage of strategic opportunities.
2009 in review
Here’s the clearest picture of operating performance in 2009: Total revenue from our newspapers, television stations and licensing/syndication businesses fell 20 percent to $802 million, requiring dramatic expense reductions to preserve short-term financial health.
We reduced salaries, instituted furloughs, froze our pension plan, suspended our match to the employee 401K plan, eliminated bonuses and continued hiring freezes and headcount reductions. These were the key elements that helped us cut the expense line by 15 percent during the year – not enough to keep pace with the revenue declines, but a reflection of heroic sacrifice by our workforce.
We also made one of the most painful decisions I’ve ever participated in when we closed Denver’s Rocky Mountain News. It was our largest newspaper market and one of the best news organizations in America, but it also was trapped in a business model that meant unending losses for Scripps. If there had been a better alternative to closure, we would have taken it.
One other significant 2009 development contributes greatly to our long-term financial flexibility. We previously had an unsecured $200 million revolving credit agreement with borrowings limited to three times operating cash flow. Under an August amendment, we now have a secured $150 million credit facility that has no earnings-based leverage cov- enant. Even though we have the healthiest balance sheet in the industry, the new credit agreement gives us more room to maneuver as we undertake the organizational changes necessary to prosper on the other side of this economic cycle.
2010
If there is anything good to say about 2009 – other than that it’s over – it’s that the year ended better than it started. Profitability improved through the combination of expense reductions and revenue declines that moderated significantly. But a moderating revenue decline is still a revenue decline, so we continue to pursue aggressive strategies that will position Scripps for the next season of opportunity.
The year ahead, for example, represents a crucial phase in the reorganization of all our newspaper operations. Our goal is to find efficiencies in everything that doesn’t directly affect readers and advertisers, thus freeing the local organization to focus on local content, audience development and sales. In other words, we’re increasing standardization and centralization across such functions as IT systems, production and accounting, so that our local organizations can focus on community-changing journalism and peak-performing ad sales.
Realignment will continue through the year and may include charges for more reductions in force and the deployment of new software systems. After a year of implementation in 2010, we believe we’ll be on track to improve cash flows by roughly $30 million on a run-rate basis in 2011.

         On a different front, we announced last month that we’re exploring strategic alternatives for the character licensing portion of United Media. Character licensing has been a good business for Scripps for many years, but recently there has been consolidation among other players that led us to the question: Would our licensing assets and operations be more valuable if aligned with another organization?
We honestly don’t know the answer to that question but believe now is the time to find out, especially considering the recent activity we’ve seen among entertainment companies that have well-developed distribution networks available for maximizing the value of intellectual property.
Regardless of how the licensing review comes out, we will continue to be in the syndication business, distributing content to newspaper, television and Internet clients with the help of our Scripps Howard News Service in Washington, D.C.
Key principles
As we move through 2010, a few key principles drive our strategy to create value for our owners.
1. Local news and information provided by TV stations and newspapers should be approached as a consumer product. We have to recognize that we’re fighting for consumers’ attention 24/7, and if we don’t deliver high-quality local content that is well-packaged and aggressively marketed, the audience will go elsewhere and advertisers will follow.
2. Local television stations must broaden their audience and revenue streams by developing products and services for all available platforms. The development of video content delivered to mobile devices should progress significantly in 2010 and 2011, and our stations will continue to broaden what they offer via the Web, especially into audience and content categories that are beyond what’s offered on-air.
3. Deeper market penetration on the newspaper advertising side is vital for long-term success. We announced plans in 2009 to restructure the entire ad and circulation revenue organization at the newspapers. When finished, the two functions will be merged into one streamlined, metrics-driven organi- zation that I believe will boost our revenue and provide better returns on investment for our advertisers.
4. Financial flexibility will be a key strategic asset after the recession. In addition to amending our bank agreement, we dramatically reduced our net debt and continue to reduce expenses where possible to improve our free cash flow.
One final key principle may trump all others, even though it’s tough to find evidence of its financial impact during a national financial crisis. Our commitment to public service during these difficult times is non-negotiable, and we believe it will pay dividends for many years to come. Every good company provides some level of public service, but at Scripps, protecting the interests of our readers, viewers and advertisers is the sweet spot of our daily product offering. Our bias toward public service doesn’t diminish during difficult economic times, it only gets stronger.
Sincerely,
Richard A. Boehne
President and Chief Executive Officer March 2010
 