                                           LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 To our shareholders:
We are now well into 2016, our 137th year and one we anticipate will garner the highest television division revenue in Scripps history. This year’s presidential election marks the high point of our four-year election cycle, and the open race is projected to bring record election spending across the broadcast television industry.
We moved into this year after working through the transitions of 2015, brought about mostly by the completion of our merger with the former Journal Communications television and radio stations and the spinoff of our 13 newspapers, which were then merged with the Journal newspaper group to form an independent public company, Journal Media Group.
The end of 2015 also brought about the long-awaited expiration of our retransmission agreement with Time Warner Cable, which was well below market rates. Its renewal beginning Jan. 1 will help drive a projected 50 percent increase in our retrans- mission revenue in 2016 and more than offset the expense of recently inked affiliation renewals with ABC, CBS and NBC.
The new E.W. Scripps Company reaches one in five U.S. television households, with 33 television stations weighted heavily toward cities benefitting from attractive economic growth, including Phoenix, Tampa, Denver, Nashville, West Palm Beach and San Diego. All but 11 of our TV stations are in the top-50 largest markets in America. We also have 34 radio stations clustered into eight markets with a focus on local talent as well as programming formats with local appeal.
Our newly expanded broadcast footprint reaches from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from the Great Lakes to the Gulf, and represents affiliations with all four of the major television networks plus a handful of independents in markets where we own more than one station.
At the time of the merger close, we also created a digital reporting segment made up of a collection of businesses, including local advertising products and marketing services for our stations’ digital brands; our burgeoning over-the-top video news service Newsy; and our newly acquired podcast-industry leading business Midroll Media.
Last year was about absorbing yet another major transition in the company’s great entrepreneurial history and remaking ourselves once again to take advantage of our evolving businesses. Now that we have largely completed that restructuring, our strategies for tackling the opportunities of 2016 and beyond include:
• Maximizing the expected record election spending with our strong political footprint, including a presence in six of 10 presidential swing states, and our Washington D.C. political sales office.
• Leveraging our big TV markets and scale to capture full market value on new retransmission contracts with cable and satellite TV providers.
• Building new digital brands, acquiring some that add leverage to our portfolio, and accelerating revenue growth in both our local and national digital businesses.
2015 in review
By the end of 2015, we had renewed network affiliation agreements with ABC and CBS covering many of our stations, and the NBC deal was signed in early 2016 covering those five. The agreement for our two FOX stations was renewed just before we acquired them from Journal Communications.
The renewals of these key agreements reinforce the strong partnerships between the major broadcast networks and their local affiliate station groups. We are partners in promoting high-quality primetime network programming in our local markets; sharing coverage of news events across the country; and building consumer-focused digital news brands. Locking down these agreements for several years out also gives us the security to plan for the future.

                                            Our original programming strategy made new strides during 2015. We ended the run of our game show Let’s Ask America but ramped up The List, a national news magazine, and extended our 4 p.m. local news show The Now to 11 Scripps markets. The List has now been offered for syndication in the fall of 2016, and we also formed a partnership with digital video licensing company OwnZones to license short-form evergreen segments from the extensive List archives, along with new segments every week. We also enjoyed continued success with Right This Minute, a show in which we partner with Raycom and Cox and that this fall will reach more than 90 percent of U.S. households.
In our new digital reporting segment, we saw strong year-over-year revenue growth in our local market business as well as a steady uptick in page views — our 24 local markets served up 1.5 billion total page views in 2015.
On the national side of the digital reporting segment, we spent 2015 sharply focused on the emerging platforms and marketplaces where audience and revenue growth are the fastest, such as over-the-top (OTT) audio and video. OTT is the delivery of audio, video and other media over the Internet through third parties such as Hulu, Netflix, HBO NOW and Sling TV. Both OTT video and audio-podcasting platforms enable us to expand our reach and number of viewers beyond that of our local audience and also enable us to attract more and different advertisers.
Our national digital businesses include Newsy and newly acquired Midroll Media. Newsy is an OTT video news service focused on the millennial audience that brings perspective and analysis to reporting on world and national news, including politics, entertainment, science and technology. Newsy content is available in on-demand and linear formats on OTT services including Apple TV, Watchable from Comcast, Dish’s Sling TV, Pluto TV, Roku, Amazon Fire TV and Google Chromecast; connected television including Xumo; on mobile for iOS, Android and Kindle Fire; and at newsy.com. It is receiving strong traction on these sites: Early research showed Roku users spend an average of 27 minutes per session watching Newsy content, and Apple TV named Newsy to its “Best of 2015” app list. We project Newsy will draw more than 1 billion video views this year.
In July, we bought Midroll Media, a podcast industry leader that creates original podcasts and operates a network that generates revenue for more than 200 shows, with on-air talent such as Marc Maron (“WTF”), Freakonomics author Stephen Dubner (“Question of the Day”) and writer/actress Issa Rae (“Fruit”). Midroll also has a subscription service called Howl that operates through a smartphone app, making it easier to find and interact with podcasts. During the fourth quarter of 2015 alone, Midroll’s podcasts were downloaded an average of 113 million times per month.
Finally, Scripps retains the strongest balance sheet of the industry, which means we have the ability to act quickly and show good returns when an attractive acquisition opportunity arises. Our financial strength also provides firepower for share repurchases. In addition, our modest cash requirements for capital expenditures, pension contributions and debt repayments mean we have strong and growing cash flow. A lump-sum pension buy-out program we administered last fall even allowed us to reduce the size of our frozen pension plan.
With one of the most attractive footprints in the local media industry, a strong financial position and a focus on long-term value creation, we are poised to seize the opportunity afforded by 2016 and beyond.
Thanks for your support. Sincerely,
Richard A. Boehne
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 2016
 