                            LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 To our shareholders:
I believe 2012 will be remembered years from now as the pivotal year in our evolution. We integrated new markets into our portfolio of television stations, implemented a winning strategy to capitalize on political campaign spending, and solidified our commitment to the expansion of digital media businesses. These strategies helped push our revenues to $903 million for the year, the highest level we have reported since spinning off the cable networks in 2008.
At the end of 2011 we completed the acquisition of nine stations in four markets from McGraw-Hill, and the integration of those assets into our systems in 2012 was the smoothest I’ve ever experienced in my nearly 25 years of work around mergers and acquisitions. The employees at these stations have quickly embraced our conviction that high-quality, community-changing journalism is essential to a local television station, and we’re already seeing the early results with improved ratings and growing audiences across multiple platforms.
The acquisition extends our footprint into key political states such as Colorado, a perennial battleground for presidential races, and California, known for contentious statewide races and a high volume of ballot initiatives. We couldn’t have picked a better time to add those stations because in 2012 we witnessed unprecedented political spending across our portfolio of television stations. We are in the right markets to monetize the campaigns of candidates
and third party committees, and with the industry’s only DC-based sales office, we had the right strategy to garner more than our share of electoral dollars. The planning and investment that went into our election year actions, demonstrating our value to voters and to advertisers, really paid off. We reported $107 million in political revenue at our stations in 2012, far surpassing our previous record. Even backing out the newly acquired stations for an apples-to- apples comparison with our legacy stations, we reported $85 million in political revenue in 2012, up from $48 million in 2010. With the cyclical nature of our industry, we look forward to 2014 when the political machine revs its engine once again.
While digital expansion and political sales kept us busy, we also maintained our focus on television content. We added new programming to our lineup that we produce. The industry is buzzing about Let’s Ask America and The List. The shows are performing ahead of our expectations and are attracting audiences that advertisers like.
In addition to our operational success, we have a balance sheet that is among the strongest in the media industry – and getting stronger. As of December 31, 2012, we had more cash on hand than debt, resulting in financial flexibility that we view as a strategic asset that allows us to invest in opportunities to capture emerging audiences and revenue streams across all the media platforms.
The confidence in our bright future is evident through the company’s determination to return cash to shareholders through stock repurchases. A buyback authorization initiated in 2010 was exhausted during the third quarter of 2012, so the board authorized a new repurchase program for the next two years to reinvest as much as $100 million.
What you can expect in 2013
While investing in ourselves, fortifying shareholder value in 2013, we are rapidly building a platform for digital businesses. Now that our senior digital team is in place, our energies shift to building a sales strategy and team that match the revenue opportunity in our markets. We will substantially expand our dedicated digital sales force this year, increasing the revenue garnered by our digital products and services.
Those investments in digital resources coincide with and support our plans for bundled print/digital subscriptions in our newspaper markets, which we believe is a critical move for those brands. We give away for free too much valuable content. By bundling print and digital in a competitively priced package, we establish a system to create better balance between revenue generated by customers and advertisers. We believe that this digital strategy, coupled with great expense discipline, will result in a stronger bottom line for our newspapers.
We see an immediate opportunity to capture a larger share of the digital audiences and revenues in our markets through an aggressive build-out of our operations. In 2013 we expect to spend up to $22 million in investment that will

                            be reported through our shared services line. Scripps has a long history of creating value through internal investment, lowering short-term segment profit to produce attractive long-term returns. We see that opportunity again as audiences and revenues grow quickly on smartphones, tablets, laptops and desktops. Our company is enjoying genuine momentum right now, which enables us to make these investments.
As we embrace digital platforms, we also maintain our laser focus on the importance of and our commitment to quality journalism at our core operations. Our investments in the TV division are yielding improved news ratings and revenue. For example, almost every Scripps station experienced ratings growth in at least one major local news time period in 2012 compared to 2011. WFTS in Tampa is now the local news leader in most time periods; it ranked third in2011. KMGHinDenverisgrowinginmajornewstimeperiods,too,especiallythemornings.KMGHplaced#1 4:30-6 a.m. in key demographics, overtaking a powerful longtime market leader in the process. In San Diego, KGTV moved from fourth place in the morning news to second, and WPTV in West Palm Beach remains one of the highest- rated TV stations in the state of Florida.
The concentration on news product drives our invigoration of the Scripps Howard News Service in Washington, D.C. We are now producing investigative content and video journalism with both a national and local perspective across all of our platforms and for all of our markets. While many others are moving out of D.C. and diminishing the resources devoted to covering the nation’s capital and national topics, we’re doing the opposite – creating great content that has substantial value and separates us from the peers in our markets. Our investigations and data research are cited in arguments before the U.S. Supreme Court and our story-telling is leading to legislative changes. All of this is proof that we are serving our communities well.
As we look to a promising future, we are always respectful of the legacy created by the founding members of the Scripps family. In October of this past year, we mourned the loss of Robert P. Scripps, the grandson of our founder. He was a longtime member of our board of directors, a dedicated community servant, and a humble leader who was admired by all who knew him.
His passing signaled the termination of The Edward W. Scripps Trust, which has controlled this company since the 1920s. It is important for our shareholders to know that the end of the Trust does not alter our long-term strategies, nor does it affect, in any way, the current day-to-day operations here at Scripps. In strong partnership with the next generation of the Scripps family, we remain committed to being the best media company from both a journalism and business perspective.
Thanks for your support. Sincerely,
Richard A. Boehne
President and Chief Executive Officer March 2013
 