                            leTTeR TO SHaReHOlDeRS
 To our shareholders:
We completed 2013 and plunged into the new year with an expanding portfolio of media businesses and a bolstered financial position that will enable us to make additional investments at attractive rates of return for our owners.
At Scripps, we use years like 2013 – the weakest period among a normal four-year political cycle – as a springboard, a time to improve our business platforms in preparation for the anticipated surge in revenue in the following 12 months.
Partly driving the expected surge in revenue is political spending this year from federal, state and local races
across the country. The investments we made last year to expand our local television news audiences are critical
to harvesting that spending. In our November 2013 ratings, for example, nine of our 13 major network-affiliated stations finished first or second in key adult demographics in at least one of the major local news time periods, and 10 improved their percentage of local news viewing in at least one of these periods over the same time in November 2012.
Ratings and political spending help us grow our margins, and another way we do that is through our original programming. We saw progress there in 2013 as well. Our game show Let’s Ask America was picked up for national syndication, and our nightly “infotainment” magazine, The List, now airs during the access period between evening news and prime time in eight of our markets. These original shows reduce expensive syndication programming and give us a much larger portion of the advertising dollars.
We also continue to garner more value from our TV stations through growing retransmission fees, money paid to us by cable and satellite providers for the opportunity to provide our programming to their subscribers. Fees rose 38 percent in 2013.
Late last year, we began negotiations to acquire two Granite Broadcasting stations – the ABC affiliate in Buffalo and a MyNetworkTV affiliate in Detroit that creates a duopoly in one of our best TV markets. Detroit also is historically one of the strongest markets for spending on political races and issues.
With the addition of the four former McGraw-Hill stations in late 2011, the television division’s share of our segment profit has grown to about 80 percent in 2013.
Scripps also pushed ahead last year with an aggressive digital media strategy – investments aimed at positioning us as the local market leaders for our products, audience and revenue. And we committed all of our newspaper markets to a print/digital bundled subscription strategy that is showing early promise.
In January 2014, we added to our portfolio national digital audiences and revenues through the acquisition of Newsy, a digital video news service that also benefits our local markets.
Along with the portfolio expansion, we continued to return cash to shareholders in 2013. The board authorized a $100 million stock buyback in late 2012, and only $26 million remains.

                            What you can expect in 2014
We rolled out our paid digital content strategy at WCPO.com in Cincinnati, and we are encouraged by the positive response from Cincinnati-area consumers. This year, you can expect us to fully implement that strategy with aggressive marketing efforts and new products and features. Based on the success of the WCPO subscription model, we will consider launching similar models in additional television markets in future years.
We expect to reap the benefits of the new suite of mobile and tablet products we introduced during 2013 in all our local TV and newspaper markets. In addition, we migrated our sites to a new platform offering a better and more advanced experience based on responsive design.
These investments in digital products for advertisers and audiences are reinforced by the addition of more than 100 sales professionals to drive our aggressive digital revenue strategy, and we will hire about 50 more in 2014. The substantial expansion of an experienced, digital-savvy sales force paired with consumer-friendly technologies to reach our audience are the underpinning of our digital business strategy.
In our television division, we are greeting the 2014 political season not just with larger audience share but with one of the most attractive geographic footprints for political spending on television. We also project double-digit growth in retransmission revenue this year. We expect core business to grow again in 2014, and with the expected strength in political advertising in the second half, television is set up for a good year in 2014.
In our newspaper division, we expect our aggressive investments in digital content and sales, along with the bundling of print and digital subscriptions and price increases, to continue the subscription revenue growth we saw in the second half of 2013. In 2014, we expect subscription revenue to escalate from digital bundle renewals as well as from digital-only subscriber growth and single-copy price increases.
A final word about our digital strategy: Our primary approach is to build local digital businesses that align with or expand our existing brands. And we’re investing in digital-only content and sales systems to support their existing products. This local strategy is primarily funded through the P&L – prudent expense that we expect to more than cover with incremental revenue. We’re well on our way.
Thanks for your support, Sincerely,
Richard A. Boehne
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 2014
 