       LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 To our shareholders:
We reported improved year-over-year financial performance in 2010, and greatly increased our financial flexibility, but we’re still working to offset the negative effects of structural change in local media business with the expansion of new and growing revenue streams.
Despite the relentless fragmentation of media audiences in recent years, local TV stations and newspapers still command large shares of local advertising expenditures, and they remain attractive businesses. The challenge is translating the core strengths of those businesses – high quality local content and marketing – into successful business on newer digital platforms.
At Scripps, we have the opportunity to play offense. Our solid balance sheet allows us to invest in building audiences and in the patient pursuit of developing business models.
Although we pursue new business opportunities outside our current markets and models, we remain most focused on leveraging our assets and creativity in the communities where we already do business. From South Florida to the West Coast, we operate in large and valuable local economies and are determined to enlarge our market share. The leverage provided by our current operations eases the challenges of executing new business plans and improves the potential return on investment.
Providing lift to our established and developing business was some modest improvement in economic conditions last year.
While the economy was not healed in 2010, it clearly was healing in a way that gave rising confidence to the advertisers in our markets. Combine that cautious business optimism with the biennial frenzy of political advertising and the result was a welcome respite from the hand-wringing that started with the economic collapse in the fall of 2008.
Full-year revenues in 2010 were $777 million, a 6.1 percent increase over 2009. Net income from continuing operations was $28.9 million, or 45 cents per share.
Much of our energy during the year was devoted to activities that didn’t affect the income statement, at least not in 2010. Our most-durable accomplishments of the year included:
• Positioning the company financially to have strategic choices – Very few media companies in this environment have successfully balanced short-term financial pressures with longer-term ambitions to reward shareholders through news, journalism and public service. Our strong balance sheet and our efforts to restructure for sustainable cash flow growth give us more strategic flexibility than many of our peers.
• Completing the sale of United Media Licensing – Using an internally managed process, we sold a non- core asset for $175 million, a price that far exceeded the range projected by Wall Street analysts. This significantly strengthened our balance sheet and financial flexibility.
• Continuing the long-term repositioning of our television stations – A series of decisions made in 2010 (reducing syndicated programming, gaining flexibility in new network agreements, upgrading news quality) push us toward our goal to operate the leading local news brands as markets consolidate over time.
• Expanding our options for continued vibrancy in newspaper markets – We continued our reorganization of the newspaper division by moving toward centralized functions and a strengthened focus on sales and content at the local level. Although much remains to be done, we have greatly improved our flexibility and efficiency as an operator of local newspapers.

        • Investing in talent – In a season when external strategic investing for attractive financial returns is so difficult, we decided to invest in the creative, entrepreneurial and leadership talent that animates our organization. The result, we believe, as it has been for more than 130 years, will be organic growth that will benefit the company for many years to come.
What you’ll see from Scripps in 2011
In a year when revenue will not be as robust due to normal political advertising cycles, we’ll work hard to balance the demands for short-term cash flow generation and long-term business development.
We’ll continue the consolidation of certain internal functions, improving our efficiency and profitability. These consolidations also improve service and free up resources for the longer-term development and acquisition of new audiences and revenue streams.
With the design of Scripps 3.0 complete, the newspaper division will focus on improving products, services and marketing to consumers. For decades, newspapers operated like local information utilities. Today, in
a brutally competitive media marketplace, newspapers must be designed and marketed much more like consumer products, able to succeed among an array of choices for both audiences and advertisers.
We’ll also increase our efforts to enlarge our footprint in attractive markets. The newly announced relationship in West Palm Beach, Fla., where our WPTV will produce 17 hours of news programming every week for that market’s Fox affiliate, is a good example of the drive to expand our reach and cash flow in our current markets.
You’ll also see a greater focus on building new revenue streams. Our primary focus since the 2008 spin- off of the cable networks has been re-establishing Scripps as a news and journalism company. With good success and momentum in content, now is the time to increase investments in talent and experimentation in ad sales, marketing and new revenue stream development.
One final feature you’ll see in the coming year won’t show up in any financial statements. Scripps in 2011 will renew its commitment to our vision statement, “Give light and the people will find their own way.” It’s been our company motto since the 1920s, but it is as meaningful, durable and salient today as ever – perhaps even more so given the exponential increase in media outlets and the public’s insatiable hunger for news and information. It will be a key element of the Scripps brand.
The embrace of our “give light” legacy has served us well through many economic booms and busts over the years because it’s been proven time and time again that there is an economic reward for companies that deliver community-changing journalism. We’ve always been dedicated to the goal that Scripps communities be better places to live simply because we’re there – informing, engaging, empowering, and creating profitable marketplaces where others can build demand for their products and services.
No amount of economic chaos can dissuade us from our belief in this formula, and in 2011 we’ll double down on that proposition through an enhanced commitment to providing the best multiplatform news product in all of our markets.
Sincerely,
Richard A. Boehne
President and Chief Executive Officer March 2011
 