TO OuR ShaRehOldeRS:
It’s been 30 years since E.W. Scripps launched his first newspaper. In that time, the company that he founded has consistently diversified and reinvented itself to meet the ever-changing demands and expectations of media consumers and advertisers.
From newspapers to broadcast television, cable programming and the Internet, The E.W. Scripps Company has evolved into one of America’s most forward-thinking media companies and, along the way, has created significant long-term value for its shareholders.
And now, the next chapter in the company’s long and successful history is about to unfold.
In October 007, our board of directors authorized us to pursue a separation of Scripps into two publicly traded companies — one focused on our growing national television lifestyle brands and global Internet services and the other on our relevant, innovating and enduring local media businesses.
POST-SePaRaTiOn PROfileS When the separation is completed, The E.W. Scripps Company will focus on local print, television and Internet businesses. Today, that includes daily newspapers, broadcast television stations, their local Web brands, and United Media, our subsidiary that licenses and syndicates comic strips and other creative properties.
Scripps Networks Interactive Inc. — the new company that will be created in the transaction — will include our popular national television networks, their associated interactive businesses and our consumer-oriented online comparison shopping services.
Scripps Networks Interactive will be anchored by some of America’s most popular and recognizable television and Internet brands, including HGTV, Food Network, DIY Network, Fine Living Network, Great American Country, RecipeZaar, Shopzilla, BizRate and, in the United Kingdom, uSwitch and UpMyStreet.
The transaction, which is on track to be completed by June 30, 008, will take the form of a tax-free distribution of stock to our shareholders. For each share of stock you own in The E.W. Scripps Company you’ll receive one share of Scripps Networks Interactive. You’ll also continue to own your shares in The E.W. Scripps Company.
 The e. W. ScrippS company 

 Percentage of Scripps networks Operating Revenue by Brand
2007
49% hGTV
40% Foodnetwork 11% Diynetwork,
Fine Living, Gac
TRanSacTiOn RaTiOnale By separating Scripps, both companies will benefit from a sharpened strategic focus and improved flexibility, enabling their respective management teams to aggressively pursue business opportunities unique to each.
The separation also will allow both companies to refine the capital allocation process and tailor opportunity and risk assessment to their specific needs. Employee compensation, benefits and incentives can also be designed to better reflect the economic profile of each company, allowing each to align its plans more closely with the interests of shareholders. And, importantly, each company will appeal to a distinct set of investors.
Of course, it’s the tremendous value we’ve created at our national television networks that brought us to this stage in the company’s evolution. This is the business — started from scratch almost 4 years ago — that dramatically changed the company’s profile.
ScRiPPS neTwORkS Our Scripps Networks division continued to enjoy double digit revenue and segment profit growth in 007 and that pace has continued into 008. HGTV and Food Network — our flagship brands — are leading the charge, delivering solid operating results thanks to their ever-growing popularity. Our newer networks — DIY, Fine Living and Great American Country (GAC) — are growing as well, providing a solid assist to the division’s top and bottom lines.
HGTV It all started with HGTV, which has prospered by staying true to its mission of delivering top-quality lifestyle programming that focuses on the home. Our determination to continually improve the HGTV brand is reflected in significant ratings increases in key audience demographics, the successful launches of many new series, and an updated look that’s in keeping with the changing interests and attitudes of our viewers.
As a result, HGTV is experiencing solid growth in primetime and total-day audiences. It also means the network is living up to its promise to aggregate a fully engaged and motivated audience for advertisers.
We’re building brand loyalty at HGTV with breakout programming hits like Designed to Sell and House Hunters. We’ve also created a portfolio of high-profile events, including the annual HGTV Dream Home Giveaway, our coverage of the annual Rose Parade and, new in 008, the HGTV Green Home Giveaway.
Our big programming win has been HGTV Design Star. More than 45 million viewers sampled the show’s second season during its nine-week run last summer. More than  million households tuned in for the show’s finale on September 6, setting a new record for the network. New HGTV shows hosted by year-one and year-two Design Star winners David Bromstad and Kim Myles already are viewer favorites. The third season of Design Star starts in June.
Food NeTwork The news is equally as good at Food Network, where our brand of lifestyle programming has influenced a whole generation of “foodies” and raised the television food genre to new heights.
We’ve succeeded in building a solid and younger primetime audience at Food Network with exciting new shows and events, including the Next Food Network Star, which, like its HGTV counterpart, has been the network’s highest rated program to date. Other edgier primetime standouts include Dinner Impossible, Ace of Cakes and Diners, Drive-ins and Dives, which is hosted by Guy Fieri, the winner of last year’s Next Food Network Star competition.
In daytime and on weekends, we’re relying on the growing star power of Food Network’s reigning generation of celebrity chefs, including Rachael Ray and Giada De Laurentiis, both of whom have extended their contractual relationships with the network. We’re also introducing plenty of new
     
The e. W. ScrippS company

                       daytime personalities, including Pat and Gina Neely, whose new weekend show, Down Home with the Neelys, is off to a strong start.
dIY, FINe LIVING aNd GaC We’re also building strong brands and loyal audiences at our newer networks.
Since becoming a Nielsen-rated network early in 007, DIY’s audience delivery numbers have met or exceeded the expectations of our advertisers. That wasn’t by accident. We dedicated the time and resources that were needed to strengthen DIY’s schedule of original programming and raise the network’s profile.
Fine Living, which will become a rated network during the first quarter of 009, is next. We’re building an audience at Fine Living with the help of some well-known personalities, including Food Network’s Emeril Lagasse and Martha Stewart, whose nationally syndicated show airs nightly in primetime on the network. Viewers tuning in to watch Emeril and Martha also get an opportunity to sample some of the solid original programming Fine Living has to offer.
At GAC we’ve established the network as the premier television destination for country music fans who are passionate about the genre’s biggest stars and their music.
During 007, GAC strengthened its relationships with contemporary country music icons, including Kenny Chesney, Sara Evans, Brad Paisely and Carrie Underwood. We’re distinguishing GAC from the competition by building on its promise to be “The Leader in Country Music.”
Looking ahead, we’ll be working to support and strengthen our core brands on television. We’ll be 1200 positioning Fine Living to become a rated network. And, importantly, Scripps Networks will be spending a considerable amount of time and energy developing its online businesses.
1000
inTeRacTive develOPmenT The goal at Scripps Networks is to be the leader in lifestyle content on the Internet and other interactive platforms, just as it’s the leader in lifestyle television programming.
800
We’re off to a strong start, with interactive revenue at Scripps Networks up 30 percent in 007. Most of that growth is tied to the strength of our flagship television networks and the high volume of
Scripps networks
(Dollars in millions) Segment revenue Segment profit
                                                                                                  user traffic they drive to their branded Web sites.
600
On a unique visitor basis, FoodNetwork.com is the clear leader in its category. And with our acquisition of RecipeZaar, which features user-generated content, Scripps Networks now operates two of the400 Internet’s Top 0 food-related Web destinations and accounts for about 5 percent of the Web’s total food-related audience.
200
0
Our interactive strategy at Scripps Networks can be summed up this way:
n We’re increasing user engagement by deploying best-in-class community and social media applications. n We’re building world-class video experiences across multiple media platforms.
n And we intend to build or acquire interactive businesses that will extend our competitive presence
In the home category, when looking at Web sites that are strictly content driven, HGTV.com and DIYNetwork.com are the established leaders.
But, as strong as our network-branded Web sites are, they’re just part of the story. We’ve launched and acquired new interactive businesses that have broadened our presence in the food and shelter lifestyle categories. We’ve also made great strides creating user-generated, virtual communities that tap consumer interests in the same lifestyle categories that we own on TV. Of note is our recent launch of FrontDoor.com, a real estate vertical powered by HGTV that features millions of listings, relevant video content and interactive tools for homebuyers and sellers.
wide across our key lifestyle categories and deep by adding personalization and user-centric tools.
The e. W. ScrippS company 3

                      Most importantly, it’s our intention to build an interactive portfolio that delivers a clear return on the +5% deliberate investments we’ll be making.
The success of the interactive businesses we’re building around our lifestyle television networks is one of the reasons that Scripps regularly ranks, on a unique visitor basis, among the top 5 U.S. companies doing business on the Internet. The other reason is the high volume of Web traffic generated by Shopzilla, our online comparison shopping service.
SHopzILLa Shopzilla, which we operate as an independent subsidiary, is where thousands of Americans go every day to find the best deals on just about every product that’s for sale on the Internet. Shopzilla directs motivated consumers to online merchants who pay us for each lead we send their way.
Based on the traffic it’s generating, Shopzilla is one of the country’s leading online comparison shopping services. And, it stacks up well with other domestic, online retail Web sites, ranking regularly among the Top 0.
Beginning in the fourth quarter of 006, Shopzilla experienced increasing competition from big retailers bidding on search keywords directly with the general search engines. The competition slowed Shopzilla’s traffic growth and crimped profit margins through most of the year.
The good news is that we stayed focused on our strategy to improve the consumer experience and, since September 007, net revenue at Shopzilla has been growing in the double digits and segment profit has been meeting or exceeding expectations. In the meantime, we’ve continued to build the business and are intent on positioning it as the leader in online comparison shopping.
uSwITCH Our other comparison shopping subsidiary is uSwitch, the recognized leader in online energy switching in the United Kingdom. Business at uSwitch was under pressure through much of 007 because of changes in the U.K. energy market, including falling natural gas prices, which removed a key trigger that motivates consumers to switch from one utility provider to another.
One of our strategies at uSwitch has been to diversify into other service categories. We’ve made considerable progress diversifying, particularly in the car insurance and personal finance areas, but the new business we’ve generated wasn’t enough to offset the decline in energy switching revenue.
The downturn in energy switching prompted us to amend our revenue outlook for the business and to write-down the value of goodwill and other intangible assets related to uSwitch. Consequently, the company recorded a significant non-cash charge against consolidated earnings for 007.
In the meantime, we’ve aligned our costs at uSwitch to reflect a lower near-term outlook for revenue. The good news is that uSwitch is off to a very promising start in 008 and is expected to return to profitability this year.
lOcal media At our local media businesses, the focus has been on responding to the demand for more Internet-based content and advertising while, at the same time, managing through a difficult economic environment that’s punishing newspapers.
The severe downturn in home sales nationally has hit our newspapers particularly hard due to our heavy exposure in Florida and California. Despite their more cyclical nature, we still strongly embrace those long-term growth markets in sunny regions of the country. In the near-term, we’ll reduce costs and protect our franchises while the national economy works out its problems.
The biggest challenge — and opportunity — the company faces lies in the continued expansion of the Internet as a platform for local content and advertising.
  CAGR
4-Year CAGR
     80
70
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
03 04 05 06 07
Scripps networks Online Revenue (Dollars in millions)
4 The e. W. ScrippS company
$14 $24 $36 $57 $74

                   Today in the Scripps markets, regardless of whether they are anchored by a television station or a printed newspaper, we’ve made a full commitment to succeeding in multiple formats delivered on multiple platforms.
The Internet, with its ability to deliver text, images and video, has smashed big holes in the wall that for years protected newspapers and TV stations from invading each other’s marketplace. No more. The wall has been breached and we embrace it as an opportunity to gain audience and advertising share in our markets.
What hasn’t changed is the imperative to serve our local markets — and be economically rewarded for our efforts — by being an enterprise on a mission empowered by people with purpose. Regardless of how we deliver our content and advertising, we still endeavor to make our communities better places to live and do business by providing them with the most open and efficient marketplaces for the exchange of ideas and information.
And today we’re in some very good communities.
We operate local newspaper franchises in 5 markets across the U.S., including growing communities in Florida, California and Tennessee. In terms of market share, most of our newspapers are the dominant local media franchises.
Our network-affiliated TV stations operate in some of the country’s largest and fastest-growing metro- politan areas, including Phoenix, Tampa Bay and West Palm Beach. Our stations in Detroit, Cincinnati, and West Palm are either the number one or number two-rated stations for local news and information.
These are powerful local media franchises on which to build a successful future.
NewSpaperS At our newspapers, the focus is on fully exploiting the potential of the Internet.
On the Internet, our mantra has been to command local traffic and sell ads through national interactive networks such as the Yahoo! newspaper consortium. Allocating resources to build Internet businesses makes sense on several levels, not the least of which is that it’s the one area at our newspapers where we’re seeing relatively strong growth.
We’re also creating new niche products, both in print and online, that draw an audience and increase our share of local advertising revenue.
We’re working to increase advertising sales by identifying and building up local retail territories. That includes increasing the size of our ad sales teams so that we can more effectively mine our local markets for new ad dollars.
And, we recognize the importance of keeping costs in line with revenue expectations in a difficult economic environment. Subsequently, we question every single dollar of spending that doesn’t directly benefit readers or advertisers.
TeLeVISIoN STaTIoN Group At our TV stations, our focus is on strengthening local news, with particular attention devoted to building morning audiences and developing Internet businesses. 40
We’re also concentrating in 008 on providing preferred forums — on air and online — for political
35
30
+35%
  CAGR
4-Year CAGR
     candidates. In addition to providing powerful television and online advertising platforms, the Scripps Television Station Group — as it has since the elections of 000 — is making free TV airtime available
to responsible candidates through its Democracy 008 initiative.
Based on trends in most recent elections, we anticipate that political advertising revenue at our stations 25 should be near the record $44 million they generated during the congressional and gubernatorial
campaigns in 006.
20
03 04 05 06 07 newspaper Online Revenue
(Dollars in millions)
15 The e. W. ScrippS company 5 10
$12 $14 $22 $34 $40

  william R. Burleigh
chairman
kenneth w. lowe
president and chief executive officer
uNITed MedIa Finally, our United Media licensing and syndication subsidiary continued to benefit in 007 from the evergreen popularity of the Peanuts comic strip and characters. United Media generated $9 million in revenue and contributed $ million in segment profit, largely on the strength of the Peanuts franchise.
STRaTegic PRiORiTieS Going forward, our strategic priorities are as follows.
We’ll be working to complete the separation of our local and national businesses by the end of the second quarter 008, as planned. Both companies will emerge from the transaction with solid financial profiles. Both will have strong balance sheets, modest debt and the financial flexibility needed to execute their respective business strategies.
As we work toward completing the separation, we’ll be strengthening our core brands at Scripps Networks and expanding our growing portfolio of interactive lifestyle businesses.
We’ll also be working to position Shopzilla and uSwitch as leaders in their respective online comparison shopping markets.
And at our local media franchises, we’ll be working hard to increase market share and develop businesses across multiple platforms to serve media consumers and advertisers in all of the communities where we do business.
As always, we consider it a privilege to be managing your company, especially at this important juncture in its long and successful history. We will remain committed at both Scripps companies to build value for our shareholders over the long-term.
Sincerely,
William R. Burleigh Kenneth W. Lowe
Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer
  6 The e. W. ScrippS company
