Letter to our Shareholders
“For more than a decade, our focus has been on investing capital in media businesses that hold the promise for outsized returns.”
         Total Segment
Operating Revenues
(Dollars in billions)
+36%
Scripps Networks contin- ued to drive consolidated growth in 2005. The division’s segment profit increased 36 percent year-over-year.
Scripps Networks
(Dollars in millions)
Segment Revenue Segment Profit
+16%
The company’s total operating revenues increased 16 percent in 2005 from the previous year.
Kenneth W. Lowe (left) and William R. Burleigh
To our shareholders: Getting good results is important to all of us at Scripps. That’s why we’re never content to stand still.
Throughout our 128-year history, Scripps has successfully anticipated and capitalized on the changing habits of media consumers.
From newspapers, to licensing and syndication, to broadcast television, to national lifestyle networks and, now, promising new interactive media businesses, Scripps has earned a reputation for embracing industry trends and creating shareholder value in the process.
For more than a decade, our focus has been on investing capital in media businesses that hold the promise for outsized returns. The success of that strategy is evident in the tremendous
consumer acceptance of our media businesses and the sustained consolidated growth of the company. For our long-term shareholders, advertisers, engaged viewers, Web site users, and readers, those are the results that matter.
Consolidated Results
In five years, total operating revenue has grown 81 percent and segment profit has nearly doubled, the result of impressively strong and sustained growth at Scripps Networks. Last June, we added another fast-growing enterprise with the acquisition of Shopzilla, a powerful interactive business that efficiently connects motivated consumers with thousands of online merchants.
Scripps Networks, our largest operating division, had an outstanding year in 2005, with revenue approaching $1 billion and a 36 percent increase in segment profit. HGTV and Food Network accounted for the largest percentage of that growth. As a group,
                    01 76 02 125 03
04
05
337 415
01
1.39 1.54
204
02 535 03 724 04 903 05
1.87 2.17
304
414
2.51

 our emerging networks — DIY Network, Great American Country and Fine Living — also have begun contributing to total segment profit.
Shopzilla exceeded our expectations during its first six months as a Scripps interactive business, contributing $99 million in revenue and $28 million in segment profit. Shopzilla’s rapid growth and solid financial performance affirms for us the strength of its efficient, pay-per-click business model.
On a consolidated basis, the growth at Scripps Networks and Shopzilla cushioned some challenging industry trends that influenced results at our local newspapers and broadcast television stations.
Advertising sales at Scripps newspapers were up 5 percent in 2005, putting us near the top of our peer group, but rising newsprint prices, higher employee benefit costs and our investment in new online and print products in selected markets contributed to a decline in segment profit for the division.
Newspaper segment profit also was affected by a strategic deci- sion we made with our newspaper operating partner in Denver to upgrade production facilities for the Rocky Mountain News and The Denver Post. The capital project will allow the Denver Newspaper Agency to consolidate production of both newspapers into a single facility by May 2007. The decision to move forward with the project resulted in short-term higher depreciation expenses that reduced our share of profits from the joint Denver newspaper operations. Long term, the money we’ll save by printing the Rocky and The Post at a single location will result in a good return on our investment
in one of America’s most promising media markets.
At our broadcast television stations, the challenge in 2005 was the same one we face every odd-numbered year. TV station revenue and segment profit were down because of the relative absence of political advertising compared with the presidential election year that preceded it. Growth in local and national advertising sales at our stations wasn’t enough to overcome the $42 million in political advertising revenue our stations generated in 2004. Political advertising revenue in 2005, by comparison, was only about $4 million.
The challenges at our local media franchises notwithstanding, the company’s total operating revenue in 2005 was up 16 percent and total segment profit increased 15 percent, demonstrating the value of the diversification strategy that we set into motion more than a decade ago.
Shopzilla compares more than 30 million products from more than 69,000 online merchants.
Scripps is expanding its Interactive Media division with Shopzilla and uSwitch as the foundation.
The E. W. Scripps Company   2005 Annual Report 3
                      In November My First Place became the first online premier of an HGTV series. The full-length premier episode was viewed more than 12,000 times on HGTV.com.
+52%
HGTV viewership among adults aged 18 to 49 is up 52 percent during primetime since the launch of the network’s new fall schedule in November. Designed to Sell, hosted by Clive Pearse and Lisa LaPorta, is one of HGTV’s most- watched programs.
           
Letter to our Shareholders, continued
  +27%
Daytime viewing at Food Network jumped 27 percent (28 percent on weekends) during 2005 thanks to the growing popularity of the network’s “In the Kitchen” block of informative and entertaining culinary programming.
Popular original programming such as 30 Minute Meals With Rachael Ray are attracting new Food Network viewers every day.
2.4
million
DIY Network attracted more than 2.4 million entries in 2005 from viewers hoping for a chance to win the network’s $100,000 Ultimate Kitchen and Bath Giveaway. The sweepstakes attracted more than 6.5 million visits to the network’s suite of Web sites.
Interactive Media
In 2005 we opened a new chapter in the Scripps growth story with our decision to build an interactive media division with Shopzilla as its foundation. It’s our intention to capitalize on the rapid consumer acceptance of broadband Internet services through the acquisition and organic development of profitable interactive media businesses.
Shopzilla was the first and uSwitch.com is the second. On March 16, 2006, we acquired uSwitch, the United Kingdom’s leading consumer search engine for a wide range of essential home services.
The same utility that Shopzilla brings to product search and price comparison, uSwitch brings to home services. Consumers in the U.K. rely on uSwitch to help them find and switch to the best rates and packages on a range of home services including gas, electric, water, digital television, home telephone, loans and more. Both services — uSwitch and Shopzilla — are powerful media market-makers that bring unparalleled accountability to merchants and service providers for the marketing dollars — and pounds — they spend.
Our interactive strategy already is beginning to change the company’s profile.
With the acquisition of Shopzilla, Scripps now regularly ranks among the top 10 U.S. companies doing business on the Web. Collectively, Scripps Web sites attract about 35 million unique visitors every month. For 2006, we’re projecting that 13 percent of the company’s total operating revenue will come from our growing portfolio of interactive and advertising-supported online content services.
Scripps Networks
The Scripps growth story, however, continues to be defined by the incredible success of Scripps Networks.
In 2005, just 11 years after we created and launched HGTV, Scripps Networks contributed 36 percent of the company’s total operating revenue and 59 percent of total segment profit. Strong revenue and segment profit growth continued at HGTV and Food Network as we successfully monetized the audiences that we’ve aggregated.
With both networks reaching about 89 million households,
our focus at HGTV and Food Network has been on scheduling lively and entertaining programming that appeals to new and younger viewers. Response to our fall schedule has been encouraging, with
                                           Hosts Dr. Karen Tobias and Kenny Alfonso help families adopt and house wayward pets in DIY Network’s canine rags-to-riches series, Barkitecture.
 
 The E. W. Scripps Company   2005 Annual Report 5
              +28%
At GAC, primetime viewer- ship grew by 28 percent year-over-year during the fourth quarter of 2005. With popular pro- grams such as Grand Ole Opry Live, country music fans are quickly discover- ing that GAC is the leading television destination
for a pure country music experience.
primetime viewership among adults aged 18 to 49 up 21 percent in December at HGTV and 26 percent at Food Network. Daytime viewership of Food’s popular “In the Kitchen” block of programming was up 26 percent on weekends and 19 percent on weekdays.
At our emerging networks — DIY Network, Great American Country (GAC) and Fine Living — distribution growth at all three topped the industry during 2005, with GAC leading the pack.
A Nielsen-rated network, GAC now reaches 40 million television households, an important milestone for any cable network. DIY Network, which will be rated by Nielsen beginning in the fourth quarter of 2006, and Fine Living both reach about 36 million households.
Network Web Sites
On the Internet, Scripps Networks has a significant and fast-growing presence. Our network Web sites attract about 15 million unique visitors a month.
Our most successful advertising-supported Web site is FoodNetwork.com, which consistently ranks as the Internet’s top food destination. FoodNetwork.com attracted a record 9 million unique visitors in December as food fans everywhere thought of us first for holiday cooking tips. More than just recipes, FoodNetwork.com has evolved into a rich, multimedia service, including short-form video that’s being produced specifically for the Web.
We’ve also had success building the HGTV brand online. HGTV.com averages about 6 million unique visitors a month and routinely ranks among the top five U.S. home and garden Web sites. DIYNetwork.com, with an average 2 million unique visitors a month, consistently ranks in the top 10 in the same category.
GAC, which now reaches more than 40 million U.S. households, built on its reputation as a leader in country music television by securing the rights to air encore presentations of the 40th Annual Academy of Country Music Awards in 2005.
36 million
Fine Living is attracting viewers with quality original programming in four targeted lifestyle categories including Day Dreaming, Home Living, Life’s Adventures and Buyer’s Guides. Launched by Scripps in 2002, Fine Living’s distribution on cable and satellite television services grew by 56 percent during 2005. The network reaches about 36 million U.S. television households.
     Scripps is capitalizing on the rapid acceptance
by media consumers of broadband Internet serv- ices by creating short-form video content that’s designed specifically for viewing on the Web. At FoodNetwork.com, Eat This with Dave Lieberman debuted in the fall and quickly became one of the Web site’s most-visited features.
 
Letter to our Shareholders, continued
  Scripps has created a Web site and daily printed edition that target the growing Bonita, Fla., community north of Naples. More than a news- paper Web site, BonitaNews.com offers deep content beyond news, including reference guides, community-generated content and a range of audio, video and search capabilities.
Our established presence on the Web puts us in an excellent position to capitalize on the growing demand for video on the Internet.
In 2005, we launched HGTVKitchenDesign and HGTVPro, two video-rich broadband channels that deliver a comprehensive suite of interactive features for do-it-yourselfers and building professionals. We have other broadband channels in the pipeline that will focus on bath design, gardening and healthy eating.
We’re also developing original content for a full range of new media platforms including satellite radio, video cell phones, personal media devices and more. Our intent is to fully leverage the strength of our national network brands and quality content on each and every technology platform that’s finding its way into the hands of media consumers.
Newspapers
If there’s a growth story to tell at our newspapers, look to our Web enterprises.
Revenue from Internet advertising sales at our newspapers grew 55 percent in 2005, reflecting audience growth, the introduction of new online products and our corresponding ability to push Internet advertising rates higher.
At Scripps newspapers, our Internet growth strategy focuses on serious bets that are designed to fit particular local markets. Our intent is to build dedicated channels to capture new customers and new revenue.
For example, in Southwest Florida we launched BonitaNews.com and a new daily print edition that target the growing Bonita community north of Naples. More than a newspaper Web site, BonitaNews.com offers deep content beyond news, including refer- ence guides, community-generated content and a range of audio, video and search capabilities. Beginning in the spring 2006, our newspaper in Naples will be offering a daily video newscast via broadband and cable.
While online advertising sales soared in 2005, we saw moderate revenue growth in other newspaper ad categories.
Classified advertising revenue increased 6 percent on the strength of help wanted and real estate, however weakness in the automotive category persisted.
  In a special report entitled “Final Salute,” the Rocky Mountain News in Denver examined the emotional trauma faced by families who’ve lost loved ones in Iraq. The Web version included stories, slide shows of still images, a discussion board for readers and video.
+55%
Online newspaper adver- tising revenue increased 55 percent in 2005, making it the division’s fastest-growing revenue category.
Newspaper Online Revenue Growth
(Dollars in millions)
       01 02 03 04 05
7
8
11
15
23

  Local and national advertising sales were up about 2 percent and revenue from preprints and other — including online advertising — was up 8 percent. Circulation revenue was down 2 percent on the year.
Growth in advertising share is our newspaper division’s top priority. Working toward that goal, we acquired competing print products in a couple of our markets and have been shifting resources to build up our advertising sales teams. We’re also taking a close look at rates across the division and making adjustments where it makes sense.
We believe our determination to be prudent operators, combined with the geographic diversity of our mid-sized markets, is why Scripps newspapers outperformed their industry peers in 2005.
Scripps Television Station Group
In a predictably difficult year given the lack of political advertising, our television station group outperformed expectations by finding new sources of ad revenue and holding the line on costs.
Local advertising sales at our stations were up more than
7 percent, with about $33 million, or 10 percent of the group’s total revenues, coming from new and non-traditional advertisers.
With our concentration of six ABC affiliates, our station group also is getting a lift from the network’s primetime programming successes. Compelling new primetime programming has helped our stations increase audiences in late evening local newscasts. Morning, afternoon and late evening local news accounts for about 33 percent of our group’s total advertising revenue.
Even with those positive trends, total revenue and segment profit were down for the year at our station group. With the return of political advertising, the Super Bowl on ABC, the Winter Olympics on our three NBC affiliates, and continued programming successes at ABC, 2006 promises to be much improved.
United Media
At United Media we continued to benefit in 2005 from the evergreen popularity of the Peanuts comic strip and characters. United Media generated $106 million in revenue and contributed $19 million to segment profit.
In addition to Peanuts, United Media also represents the owners of other copyrights and trademarks, including Raggedy Ann & Andy and El Chavo.
33%
33% of Broadcast TV revenue comes from local news.
Why Local News is Important to
Scripps Television Stations
Local news defines a station’s identity and is an important platform for key advertisers as well as political advertisers.
33% Local News
26% Primetime
13% Daytime
10% Early and Late Fringe
9% Prime Access 9% Other
The E. W. Scripps Company   2005 Annual Report 7
           The value of network brands is underscored by the success Scripps is enjoying with its ABC affiliated stations. Compelling primetime programming, such as Grey’s Anatomy, is improving revenue from that important daypart and has helped stations increase audiences in late evening local newscasts.
      Scripps stations focus on becoming leaders in local news and information, with an emphasis on breaking news, weather and investigative and consumer reports.
 
 Letter to our Shareholders, continued
45%
About 45% of United Media’s international revenue in 2005 was gen- erated by the licensing of Peanuts and other creative properties in Japan.
Shop At Home
At Shop At Home, we’re carefully assessing strategic alternatives for the business after writing down $103 million in goodwill and intangible assets in the fourth quarter.
The write-down and strategic assessment were prompted by a number of factors, including sustained operating losses, difficulty securing strong channel positions for the network and our determination that the path to profitability for the business would be longer than anticipated.
As of this writing, we haven’t publicly discussed alternatives that are under consideration for Shop At Home’s future. We have told shareholders that it’s our intention, in whatever capital decisions are made, to maximize the value of the business on their behalf.
Community and Philanthropy
It’s also important to us at Scripps to give back to the communities and audiences we serve.
The annual Scripps National Spelling Bee, which we administer on a not-for-profit basis in partnership with newspaper and other local sponsors from across the globe, promotes literacy and academic excellence.
The high-profile event continues to grow and will be showcased in a feature-length film, Akeelah and the Bee, that’s being released by Lions Gate Entertainment in the spring of 2006.
The Scripps Howard Foundation, the philanthropic arm of the company, promotes journalism education and a wide range of philanthropic projects that benefit the communities served by our media businesses. The Foundation teamed with the Red Cross and Scripps employees in 2005 to raise $1 million for victims of Hurricane Katrina.
In June 2005, DIY Network, in its hometown of Knoxville, Tenn., sponsored construction of Habitat for Humanity’s 200,000th home. The network, which has been in partnership with Habitat for Humanity since 2003, also aired a special in November that documented the construction of 255 Habitat homes in a single week in Michigan as part of the organization’s annual Jimmy Carter Work Project.
United Media owns and licenses worldwide copyrights for Peanuts and related characters. Peanuts continues to reign as one of the world’s most successful strips in the history of comic art.
United Media is diversifying its portfolio by adding new representation agreements with creative properties such as El Chavo, one of the most- watched programs on Spanish-language television.

 Financial Condition
As Scripps continues to evolve, we’re happy to report that the company’s financial condition is sound. Our balance sheet is strong and we are well positioned for long-term growth.
Debt at the end of 2005 stood at $826 million, up from $533 million at the end of 2004, primarily due to the Shopzilla transaction. The company’s modest level of long-term debt, at less than two times total segment profit, gives us the flexibility to execute our growth strategy.
Capital expenditures in 2005 were $72 million, well below estimates we made at this time last year, primarily because of our decision to delay construction on a new production plant for our newspapers in Naples, Fla. We expect to begin construction on the Naples plant in 2006 to capitalize on the growth in that attractive market.
Looking ahead, our top strategic priority continues to be the expansion of Scripps Networks. Investing in the valuable television and interactive brands we’ve created, we believe, is a wise use of the company’s capital.
With Shopzilla, and now uSwitch, as the foundation, we also intend to capitalize on growing consumer acceptance of broadband Internet services by expanding our new interactive division.
And, we’re focused on building industry-leading local media franchises around our daily newspapers and broadcast television stations.
As always, we consider it a privilege to be guiding your company during an era of such great change and opportunity.
Our pledge to you is that the interests of our shareholders and the long-term growth of the company are always central to our capital allocation decisions and the strategic direction we’ve chosen for the enterprise.
The Scripps National Spelling Bee, the nation’s largest, highest profile and longest-running educational promotion, is administered on a not-for-profit basis by Scripps in partnership with about 260 local spelling bee sponsors.
225 homes
An hour-long DIY Network special that aired in November focused on Habitat’s annual Jimmy Carter Work Project. Habitat built 225 homes in Detroit and Benton Harbor, Mich., during a single week in June.
The E. W. Scripps Company   2005 Annual Report 9
                         Sincerely,
William R. Burleigh Chairman
Since 2003, DIY Network has been working
in partnership with Habitat for Humanity to eliminate poverty housing worldwide. Habitat’s 200,000th home build was sponsored in 2005 by DIY Network in Knoxville, Tenn., where Scripps Networks is headquartered.
   Kenneth W. Lowe President and
Chief Executive Officer
