 
Among the Year’s Highlights:
• Excellent bottom-line earnings growth reflecting solid, business-driven revenue expansion, best-in-class credit quality and increasingly effective expense discipline.
• Expansion into new, high-growth geographic markets and enhancement of our banking capabilities through our acquisition of Memphis-based National Commerce Financial Corporation (NCF).
• Evolution of our executive management structure to accommodate the retirement of several long-service executives and to establish the leadership framework to guide future growth.
• A sharpened focus on the sales, service and customer orientation critical to maintaining SunTrust’s per- formance momentum and competitive advantage in the marketplace.
We encourage you to review the in-depth discussion
of financial results that makes up the bulk of this annual report. The story that emerges from these pages is generally one of a year that started off good and got better. Included is detailed commentary on the restate- ment of our first and second quarter 2004 earnings. This development received a fair amount of market vis- ibility when announced in the third quarter.
Our Southeast and Mid-Atlantic franchise includes enviable market positions in some of the highest- growth markets in the nation.
Translating Potential Into Performance
As 2004 unfolded, various performance-oriented investments, business initiatives and efficiency programs undertaken in recent years paid off. Net income was $1.6 billion, or $5.19 per diluted share, up 10% from last year. Return on average assets was 1.18% and return on common equity was 13.71%. Virtually all other key performance measures were up comfortably from prior year levels, a signal that SunTrust has shaken off any lingering effect of the economic downturn that damp- ened industry, and our own, performance in the 2001- 2003 timeframe.
The improvement in SunTrust’s stock price did not, we believe, entirely reflect the Company’s performance momentum. It appears, however, that the investment community is beginning to more broadly recognize the
merits of SunTrust’s investment story and we are encouraged that the stock price picked up towards the end of the year.
Meanwhile, we are pleased to report that the Board of Directors in February 2005 approved a 10% increase in the cash dividend paid on the Company’s common stock. This brings the annual dividend per share to $2.20.
Positive Performance Trends
Revenue growth steadily picked up steam during the year as gains in net interest income – our biggest earn- ings component, and also the one that had been most affected by economic weakness – joined already robust non-interest income. We kept basic operating expenses in check while maintaining our program of investment in the people, technology and the business capabilities necessary for future growth. And our traditional emphasis on credit quality, coupled with an improved economy, led to a sharp reduction in credit-related costs. All of these positive performance trends added up to the strong bottom line results reported for the year.
Each of our five key business lines – Retail Banking, Commercial Banking, Wealth and Investment Manage- ment,Corporate and Investment Banking, and Mortgage Banking – contributed to our overall results in 2004.
Looking ahead, we believe we have built the right mix of businesses – and within those businesses, the right product and delivery capabilities – to ensure balanced revenue generation despite the ups and downs of the business cycle, swings in the stock market, and the inevitable credit pressures that impact our industry.
We are concentrated in what many believe is the best geographic footprint in U.S. banking. Our Southeast and Mid-Atlantic franchise includes enviable market positions in some of the highest-growth markets in the nation.
NCF Merger: “The Best of Both Worlds”
Certain SunTrust business lines operate outside our geographic footprint where targeted opportunities exist. Our mortgage business, for example, successfully originates loans nationally. And in 2004, our Asset Management Advisors and Leasing units opened new offices in key U.S. cities. We also participate in the ongoing consolidation of our industry by pursuing a selective approach to mergers and acquisitions.
Our focus is on two types of acquisitions. The first type is intended to enhance our business capabilities, such as our early 2004 acquisition of Seix Investment Advisors,
 2 SUNTRUST 2004 ANNUAL REPORT

one of the leading institutional fixed-income boutiques in the country with over $17 billion in assets under management. Bank acquisitions that permit us to expand into particularly desirable geographic markets are another type of acquisition that we pursue.
The NCF merger brings significant business opportunities to SunTrust as we offer access to SunTrust’s broader capabilities to former NCF customers.
Our merger with $23 billion NCF, announced in May and closed in October 2004, represents the best of both worlds. Importantly, the move extends our reach into North Carolina, a state whose growth profile matches that of our existing footprint, and also West Virginia. The acquisition reinforces our presence in Tennessee, providing our first banking offices in the very attractive Memphis marke t, as well as in South Carolina, Georgia, Florida and Virginia.
The NCF merger brings significant business opportunities to SunTrust as we offer access to SunTrust’s broader capabilities, such as wealth management, securities and capital markets-related services, to former NCF cus- tomers in our new markets. The merger also means that SunTrust can t a ke advantage of NCF’s nationally re c- ognized capabilities in “de novo” and in-store branching. NCF, for example, is well known for its innovative banking centers in Wal-Mart stores, a program slated for expansion under the SunTrust name.
The NCF merger added approximately $14.6 billion in loans and $15.8 billion in deposits to SunTrust and increased our branch count by roughly 40%, bringing our total branch network to more than 1,700 offices in 11 states and the District of Columbia, one of the nation’s largest retail distribution networks. From a financial perspective the transaction, which was well received by the investment community, is adding to SunTrust’s earnings base.
Next Generation Executive Management
As SunTrust has grown in size, scope and complexity, ourexecutivemanagement structure has also evolved. In recent years we have placed an increased emphasis on formalized “talent management,” which includes the development of management succession plans for all key positions at the Company. In 2004, we were
able to smoothly accommodate the planned retirement of three of our most senior and respected executives without missing a beat in the implementation of our business strategies.
In July, SunTrust’s long-time Chief Financial Officer, John W. Spiegel, announced plans to retire after 40 years with the Company. Later in the year, SunTrust Vice Chairmen, John W. Clay, Jr. and Theodore J. Hoepner, also announced retirement plans, effective in 2005 after respective 38-year and 37-year SunTrust careers. Messrs. Spiegel, Hoepner, and Claywere instrumental in making SunTrust the successful, respected institution it is today. They will be missed.
These planned retirements triggered a series of senior management appointments at the corporate head- quarters level, reporting to the Chief Executive Officer. Perhaps most significant was the designation of James M. Wells III, previously a Vice Chairman, as SunTrust’s
P resident and Chief OperatingOfficer, a new position at the Company.
SunTrust also named a new Chief Financial Officer (Mark A. Chancy), Chief Risk Officer (Robert H. Coords), Chief Credit Officer (Carl F. Mentzer), and Chief Administrative Officer (David F. Dierker). Each of these executives brings to their new responsibilities demonstrated experience and a track record of success.
These moves sparked the activation of management succession plans elsewhere in the organization. As a result, we have smoothly put in place a framework for the next generation of executivemanagement at SunTrust while ensuring continued and consistent management attention to our day-to-day business priorities and performance imperatives.
We have dedicated significant resources to identifying with great precision what our clients expect from us.
Sharpened Client Focus
Enhancing our position as a leader in our markets means differentiating ourselves f rom the competition. At SunTrust, we seek to do that t h rough a concentrated focus on understanding, and meeting, client needs. The section of this year’s Annual Report following this letter is intended to convey the essence of SunTrust’s client focus.
SUNTRUST 2004 ANNUAL REPORT 3

Clearly, SunTrust is not the only financial services provider these days talking about “customer focus.” In our case, however, we have dedicated significant resources to identifying with great precision what our clients expect from us. In turn, we use that information to deliver a better client experience across our business units. And we employ a distinctive operating model to help achieve that goal.
Specifically, we are organized to deliver SunTrust’s “big bank” products and service capabilities with the speed and responsiveness that come with local decision making. Through extensive research, our clients – consumers, businesses, wealthy clients and institutions – indicate we are succeeding.
People Who Care
The credit for our success goes to our people. Clients tell us they perceive SunTrust employees as people who genuinely care about doing the right thing for their clients, with the commitment to get it done. This insight inspired a new expression of our corporate mission – “to help people and institutions prosper” – that is communicated throughout the organization and that also provides
the basis for brand positioning in the marketplace.
Our corporate mission – “to help people and institutions prosper” – is communicated throughout the organization.
We were gratified by the results of a comprehensive employee survey undertaken in 2004 that indicated that an unusually high proportion of SunTrust employees “care about the Company” and are “engaged” in our business – which means taking our clients’ interests to heart.
Perhaps nothing highlights the spiritofSunTrust people more vividly than the outpouring of support for our communities and colleagues in the aftermath of several severehurricanes that hit our markets, most notably Florida, in mid-2004. Employees f rom across our Companyworked long hours to mobilize resources, pro- vide recovery assistance, address critical client needs, and quickly get our offices up and running.
To ensure that we remain an employer of choice, SunTrust took several popular steps including expanding the invest- ment choices in the Company’s 401(k) Plan and increasing
the Company’s portion of healthcare costs. Experience tells us the return on this type of investment will be a good one.
Final Word
This letter traditionally concludes with an expression of thanks to our employees. This year is no exception. SunTrust men and women did a great job during 2004 in serving our clients, running our business efficiently, contributing to our communities and repre- senting our organization in a way that should make shareholders proud.
We also wish to thank our Directors for their support during a year that, while not as difficult business-wise as some in the recent past, was not without its challenges. Heightened regulatory and market scrutiny of corpo- rate governance practices is a fact of life for SunTrust as it is for all publicly held companies. We are fortunate to be able to draw upon the resources of an experi- enced and dedicated Board as we deal with issues related to a new, and still evolving, compliance environment.
Finally, we recognize that shareholders make a choice when they invest in SunTrust. In the end, our highest priority – the one we keep in mind every day – is doing all we can to see that our shareholders’ investment choice is properly rewarded. We worked hard on this priority in 2004 and it showed in the ye a r’s results. O u r efforts are only intensifying. If all goes according to plan – which is never a given in our industry – we look forward to reporting another year of improved results in 2005.
Thank you for your interest in SunTrust.
L. Phillip Humann
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
James M. Wells III
President and Chief Operating Officer
   4 SUNTRUST 2004 ANNUAL REPORT
