                                to our shareholders
1
 While 2011 continued to pose challenges for SunTrust and the industry, we are pleased to report that we generated momentum in key business fundamentals and continued to capitalize on the opportunities that presented themselves over the course of the year.
Like the rest of the banking industry, we strived to adapt to a rapidly changing marketplace — one best characterized by persistently slow growth in the economy, ongoing issues in the housing and mortgage markets, and the emerging effects of regulatory reform. We made notable progress in several performance areas and reached key milestones in our efforts to improve shareholder return.
2011 highlights
• Our financial performance steadily improved, with full- year earnings per share up meaningfully from 2010.
• Balance sheet trends closed the year favorably as low-cost deposits continued to increase (balances
up $8 billion or 8 percent over the prior year), and loan growth exhibited a notable pick-up during the third and fourth quarters, particularly in those areas targeted for growth. Overall, loans were up $7 billion or 6 percent compared with the prior year.
• Many of our core businesses demonstrated positive trends throughout the year, which helped offset some of the regulatory and environmental headwinds we faced on the fee side of the business.
• Credit quality improved steadily throughout 2011, with delinquencies, nonperforming assets, and net charge-offs all improving consistently throughout the year. We further reduced our exposure to higher-risk loans and produced a much more diversified and lower-risk balance sheet.
• Our capital ratios remained strong and well in excess of current and proposed regulatory requirements.
• We repaid the government’s TARP investment, following a patient approach that proved beneficial to our shareholders; and we increased our common dividend.
• We launched a new mortgage origination model and an array of deposit products, and enhanced ATM, online, and mobile channels.
• We received numerous industry accolades, including several that recognized us for our industry- leading service quality.
• We demonstrated a strengthened commitment to our communities and financial education.
• We made significant headway with our strategic priorities and announced an expense savings program to remove $300 million from our expense base.

                                 It’s clear that the challenges faced by our industry in 2011 masked a portion of the real progress we’re making
as a Company. I also can assure you that, as a team, we have never been more committed to delivering on our promises to our clients, our communities, and our shareholders.
As usual, a complete review of our 2011 performance follows this letter and I invite your attention to those details. I’d like to use the remainder of this message to share with you the strengths that we believe differentiate SunTrust from the competition and the strategic priorities we have put in place to transform the Company and ultimately, increase shareholder returns.
our foundation
SunTrust’s Southeast and Mid-Atlantic banking footprint is widely regarded as one of the best in the industry. The markets in which we operate have attractive long-term demographic and economic growth characteristics, and we are well positioned within them. As one of the nation’s largest banks, we have the scale to compete. More importantly to us, a top three position in 80 percent of our major markets demonstrates we are relevant in the markets we serve.
Our revenue stream is diverse, and benefits from our ability to offer our Consumer and Wholesale clients a robust set of capabilities and products in addition to industry-leading service.
Further, our operating model and structure give us intimate connections to each of our markets. Our locally based market leaders and teams provide a distinct competitive
advantage and represent a key component to delivering on our brand promise and driving ever- improving client loyalty.
We also follow very clear guiding principles: We go to market as One Team, put the Client First, and Focus on Profitable Growth — the ultimate objective.
Finally, we have the commitment and drive of talented teammates that deliver the institution to our clients every day. They represent one of our strongest competitive advantages, and differentiate SunTrust in the marketplace through each client interaction.
our transformation
Over the course of the last several years, we have steadily evolved to be better positioned for profitable growth as we move beyond the current
cycle. A thorough evaluation of our businesses and their performance led to the development of strategic priorities that are changing how we do business, and guiding where our efforts and investments are focused.
The result? We’ve changed the way we compete for, win, retain, and expand our relationships with consumer clients. Our loan portfolio is increasingly better diversified.We’ve identified, and have begun realizing, meaningful opportunities for growth in our Wholesale businesses. And we have a plan in place to further improve the efficiency of the organization.
All of this was designed to better leverage our franchise, grow revenue, reduce risk, improve profitability, and ultimately, enhance shareholder return.
 We go to market as One Team, put the Client First, and Focus on Profitable Growth — the ultimate objective.
suntrust 2011 annual report

                                strategic priorities
Grow Consumer Market and Wallet Share
Over the last several years, we have evolved our retail focus from one that was more sales-led to one in which service excellence forms the foundation for expanded client relationships. We believe that delivering industry-leading service quality will lead to improved client loyalty and increased consumer wallet and market share.
Evidence that our approach is working emerged in 2011. We expanded
our primary relationships over the prior year, and building on client loyalty as a foundation, significantly expanded our product penetration per relationship. From an overall deposit market share perspective, and despite increased competition, we were up in eight of our 10 largest markets.
And on the lending side, we delivered strong performance particularly in the second half of the year.
In a very short period of time, we have become an industry leader in service quality and client loyalty. Our goal now is to better monetize this position with an increased focus on client acquisition and retention, and significant improvement in expanding current relationships. We are making progress and these objectives are on a positive trajectory today.
Better Diversify the Loan Portfolio
Our second strategic priority is to improve the diversity, and thereby the risk profile, of our loan portfolio. We have targeted loan growth in commercial and industrial, consumer, and government guaranteed loans, while significantly reducing and better diversifying our exposure to real estate-related loans.
We made noteworthy progress during 2011. Commercial and industrial loans were up 11 percent. Direct and indirect consumer loans were up 9 percent, including portfolio acquisitions.
At the same time, we continued the multi-year trend of reducing our exposure to certain higher-risk real estate-related loans, significantly improving our overall risk profile.
We have made purposeful and meaningful shifts in the composition of our portfolio. We will continue
to target growth in select portfolios while reducing exposure to specific loan categories.
3
 In a very short period of time, we have become an industry leader in service quality and client loyalty.

                                 Optimize the Business Mix
Our third strategic priority is optimizing the business mix. Our efforts in this area are primarily centered on making investments in certain segments of our Wholesale business to expand client relationships and grow commercial loans. Although we are currently very capable in these areas, we believe there is untapped opportunity to grow our business significantly and deepen client relationships.
Our Corporate and Investment Banking line of business, which serves large corporate clients, had a second consecutive record year in 2011 — growing revenue by 8 percent and
net income by 11 percent over the prior year. We have made significant investments in our team and our capabilities, and are leveraging a diversified strategy and relationship- driven model that is delivering results.
Diversified Commercial Banking
has long been a core strength for SunTrust, and this area has performed well through the cycle. During 2011, this business produced solid net interest and fee income growth, ultimately growing revenue by
9 percent and net income by 33 percent over the prior year.
Overall, I’m very pleased with the progress that we’ve made in these areas and the potential for future growth.
Improve Expense Efficiency
Our final strategic priority is improving our efficiency. In the past few years credit and cyclical expenses have grown disproportionately and overshadowed our efforts to manage our expenses. While we expect cyclical costs to abate over time,
we also recognize that we can — and must — operate the core franchise more efficiently.
To that end, last fall we announced
a program under which we expect to eliminate $300 million in core expenses from our cost base by the end of 2013. Efforts are already under way to identify and execute on savings opportunities, specifically
in strategic supply management, consumer banking and operations, and staff support costs. These opportunities span the entire organization, and every teammate
is involved in delivering savings and meeting our goal. We have made notable early progress — by year- end we eliminated $75 million in annualized expense from our cost base.
We ultimately believe that we can reduce our efficiency ratio to less than 60 percent. This should occur through the combination of our expense reduction efforts and the expected decline in cyclically high credit and mortgage-related items over time.
 We are focused on the right things and the right areas to drive improved long- term, sustainable core performance and higher returns. We stand prepared
to embrace the opportunities that will inevitably emerge as the economy improves.
suntrust 2011 annual report

                                We are building momentum at SunTrust. We are focused on the right things and the right areas to drive improved long-term, sustainable core performance and higher returns.
We stand prepared to embrace the opportunities that will inevitably emerge as the economy improves.
The foundation of our confidence is the strength and opportunity of our franchise and our locally focused operating model, dedication to client service, focus on strategic priorities and commitment to our communities.
With that in mind, I would like to thank the 29,000 SunTrust teammates for their dedication and commitment to meeting the needs of our clients and our communities each and every day.
I also would like to express my gratitude to our Board of Directors for their knowledge, counsel, and support in 2011, and offer a special word of thanks to Jim Wells who retired from the Company and the Board of Directors as Executive Chairman at the end of the year. The financial industry landscape changed significantly during Jim's 43-year career — from some of the best of times to some of the most challenging. But Jim's unwavering, patient, and composed approach
in facing those challenges and
taking advantage of the resulting opportunities not only helped us weather the storms, it positioned us to move forward with strategic competitive advantages.
And finally, I want to thank you — our shareholders — for your investment and confidence in SunTrust. We appreciate the trust you have placed in us, and remain committed to further improving our performance and the return on your investment.
william h. rogers, jr.
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
February 24, 2012
5
 The foundation of our confidence is the strength and opportunity of our franchise and our locally focused operating model, dedication to client service, focus on strategic priorities and commitment to our communities.
 