                                        To Our Shareholders
2006 WAS NOT AN EASY YEAR FOR THE U.S. BANKING INDUSTRY. SUNTRUST, LIKE OTHER LARGE BANKS, FELT THE IMPACT OF PRESSURES THAT CAME LARGELY FROM AN UNACCOMMODATING INTEREST RATE ENVIRONMENT. THE GOOD NEWS IS THAT THE DISTINCTIVE STRENGTHS OF OUR INSTITUTION—NOTABLY THE COMMITMENT OF OUR PEOPLE TO HELP OUR CLIENTS—PERMITTED US TO GROW EARNINGS WHILE CONTINUING TO INVEST FOR FUTURE GROWTH. IN THIS LETTER, WE WILL SHARE WITH YOU SOME PERSPECTIVES ON 2006. IMPORTANTLY, WE WILL ALSO TALK ABOUT HOW WE ARE WORKING TO ENHANCE OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE AS WE LOOK AHEAD.
First, a comment on the change in format of our Annual Report. We have moved away from colorful photos, creative themes and costly graphics, and we use a comprehensive regulatory report to convey details of the year’s financial results.
This fresh approach reflects feedback from shareholders as well as our own sense of efficiency. As we see it, spending extra money on a glossy, paper-based annual report when so many people prefer electronically delivered information simply is not in our shareholders’ financial interest. If you would like to know more about SunTrust strategies, performance, products or services, please visit our Web site (suntrust.com) or contact us directly.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
The interest rate environment presented a real challenge for the U.S. banking industry in 2006. At SunTrust, as at other banks, an inverted yield curve – the difference between short-term and long-term interest rates – brought pressure to bear on our net interest margin. This, in turn, meant less robust growth in overall net income than we expected when the year began or that we believe is indicative of our true longer-term earnings potential.
Margin pressures notwithstanding, the Company posted record net income available to common shareholders for the year of $2.1 billion, which was up 6 percent over the prior year. Diluted earnings per common share were $5.82, also up 6 percent over the prior year. Reflected in this performance were gains in most major earnings components, including:
• Total revenue was $8.2 billion in 2006, up 5 percent from the prior year.
• Net interest income was $4.7 billion, up 2 percent from a year earlier.
• Noninterest income was $3.5 billion, up 10 percent from 2005.
• Noninterest expense was $4.9 billion, up 4 percent from a year ago.
• Average loans and consumer and commercial deposits grew, respectively, 10 percent and 4 percent over a year ago.
In the credit quality arena, net charge-offs were 0.21 percent of average loans, a level that is better than the Company’s historical average.
Complete 2006 financial results, including each of the above items, are discussed in considerable detail in the Form 10-K which follows this letter. Included is a breakdown of the financial performance of our primary lines of business.
In February 2007, the Board of Directors approved a 20 percent increase in the quarterly dividend on SunTrust common stock, a move consistent with the Company’s multi-year pattern of annual dividend increases. The current indicated annual dividend is now $2.92 per share.

                                        2 SUNTRUST 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
SunTrust operates five primary lines of business, each of which displayed continuing momentum in 2006. Highlights include:
• In Retail Banking, in addition to enhancing our branch presence, we upgraded our online banking capabilities for small business clients and placed a high priority on deposit products. A series of creative deposit-generation promotions featured partnerships with other well-known brands such as Equifax and, in early 2007, AirTran Airways, to attract new clients and bring added value to existing ones. The Retail line of business
also expanded its cross selling focus by partnering with the Mortgage and Wealth and Investment Management lines of business to implement enhanced referral programs.
• Growth within the Commercial Banking line of business further validated the merits of our distinctive relationship management strategy. To capitalize on this strategy and sustain revenue growth, we expanded our sales force in key markets. Investing in new sales and advisory tools in our core businesses yielded accelerated cross-sales of capital markets, commercial mortgage backed securities, and retirement plan products. Stepped-up investment in our Treasury & Payments Solutions unit enhanced our overall competitive position and leadership in image-based technologies, resulting in an improved client experience for our business clients as well as higher sales volumes.
• The Mortgage line of business had another outstanding year, characterized by continued expansion in this national business line. We opened 65 new mortgage offices and increased the sales force by more than 16 percent. Despite reduced industry volume, origination volume at SunTrust set a record in 2006, growing by more than 16 percent. We are particularly proud that, in 2006, the well-respected J.D. Power and Associates ranked SunTrust Mortgage “Highest in Customer Satisfaction with Primary Mortgage Sales.” 1 Looking ahead, we launched a targeted efficiency initiative called the “Mortgage Transformation Program.” With complete implementation scheduled for 2007, the goal is to ensure that our Mortgage line of business is configured for consistent growth under different economic conditions and housing market trends.
1 SunTrustMortgagereceivedthehighestnumericalscoreamongmortgagelendersin the proprietary J.D. Power and Associates 2006 Primary Mortgage Origination Study. Study based on 4,115 total responses measuring 20 lenders and measures opinions of consumers who originated a new mortgage in the past nine months. Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of consumers surveyed in September – November 2006. Your experiences may vary. Visit jdpower.com.
• In Corporate and Investment Banking, investments in our capital markets product capabilities, capacity and intellectual capital continued to bring value to our clients. The Debt Capital Markets group, in particular, posted meaningful growth in asset securitization, structured real estate, derivatives, and primary bonds, as we delivered solutions to our Corporate Banking, Commercial Banking, Wealth and Investment Management and institutional investor clients. Cross-selling capital markets products
to SunTrust’s Commercial Banking and Wealth and Investment Management client bases remains a priority.
• In Wealth and Investment Management, we grew proven competencies in Sports & Entertainment Banking, broadened other specialties in the legal and medical industries and focused new resources on the private business owner. In Private Wealth Management, we established a framework to build out our investment platform to offer greater customization of solutions while working to enhance the client experience and provide meaningful advice in a fast-changing investment environment. Through the building of a streamlined management organization, coupled with investment in talent and platforms/solutions, our Institutional Investment Management business continued to make a major contribution. Reflecting the growth potential in this business, our ultra- high-net-worth, multi-family arm, Asset Management Advisors (AMA), experienced impressive growth in 2006. AMA’s total assets under advisement of almost $10 billion represent a 25 percent increase over last year.
For most individual clients, the focal point for delivery of SunTrust products and services is our extensive geographic network, which encompasses more than 1,700 branches and specialized banking facilities and almost 2,600 ATMs throughout the high-growth Southeast and Mid-Atlantic regions. This network is complemented by an array of technology-based “24/7” banking channels including our award-winning SunTrust Online telephone banking operation and our increasingly popular internet banking site.
Regardless of delivery channel, our approach to serving clients is institutionalized in a highly energized sales effort, which we call “S3: Sell, Serve and Sustain.” It is coupled with a “Thinking 360°” view of the client relationship, meaning that we look at client needs across the full range of SunTrust product offerings. This distinctive approach is reflected in high volume of cross-sales across our lines of business. From a competitive standpoint,

                                        our skill at delivering “big bank” capabilities with a true local bank orientation positively differentiates SunTrust in the marketplace. It also helps us deliver on our signature brand promise, Seeing beyond money.
THE NEXT GENERATION OF LEADERSHIP
As part of putting into place the Company’s next generation
of executive leadership, SunTrust in November announced that James M. Wells III, the Company’s President and Chief Operating Officer since 2004, would succeed L. Phillip Humann as Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1, 2007. Mr. Humann remains Executive Chairman of the Board.
As President and CEO, Mr. Wells is responsible for SunTrust’s overall business operations and financial performance. He was also elected to the Company’s Board of Directors, where he serves as Chairman of the Executive Committee.
Mr. Wells came to SunTrust with the 1998 acquisition of the former Crestar Financial Corporation, where he was President, following a 30-year career at the Richmond, VA-based institution.
During the time Mr. Humann was CEO, SunTrust’s assets increased from $60 billion to over $182 billion, accompanied by solid earnings growth and industry-leading credit quality. The Company’s geographic footprint was extended via acquisitions into the Mid-Atlantic region, the Carolinas and new high-growth markets in Florida and Tennessee. Our business line, product and sales capabilities were significantly enhanced. And SunTrust moved from its historically decentralized operating structure to a unified “one-bank” platform.
This long-planned transition reflects the priority SunTrust places on executive talent management and succession planning at all levels of the Company. In connection with the CEO transition,
a number of other key SunTrust executives took on additional responsibilities to broaden the experience of our senior team and thus help ensure future leadership depth.
STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
As a large financial services organization competing in numerous markets with a diverse client base and broad product line, it makes sense that we tactically pursue multiple business plans, strategies, promotions, and priorities at any one time. From a corporate perspective, however, five key strategic priorities provided the high-level framework for our progress in 2006, and do the same for our collective efforts in 2007 and beyond. They are:
Streamlining Process – We are always looking to evaluate, clarify, and simplify internal operating processes. The point is
to make it easier for clients to do business with us by making transactions simpler and faster. Within the context of our successful operating model, which balances the roles of our five lines of business with our geographic banking network and corporate support functions, we are effectively re-engineering front-to-back processing to create a better client experience. As a practical example of what we are talking about here, we improved turnaround times for home equity loans in 2006 through a com- bination of technology and process improvements, while also lowering the cost per closed loan.
Our focus on process also covers the critical area of risk management, which we approach on an enterprise-wide basis. The goal is to make sure we fully understand, and manage intelligently, the broad scope of risks facing SunTrust on a continuing basis. In today’s highly scrutinized, technology- intensive financial services industry, most dimensions of "traditional” bank-related risks—notably credit, market and operational risk—are significantly more complex than has
been the case historically. In this context, we have been investing heavily to meet the highest standards for measuring and managing risk in areas ranging from Anti-Money Laundering Programs to Credit Quality. In identifying and quantifying all risk, we seek to mitigate potential loss, ensure capital adequacy, and contribute to fact-based business decision-making.
Managing Talent – SunTrust’s talent assessment process was enhanced in 2006 to include senior management accountability for aligning the career aspirations of the people in our top 300 positions with the Company’s evolving business needs. This important step is helping to identify future succession candidates, broaden and retain our leadership team; we retained 95% of our top talent in 2006, a level of achievement that we believe is seen at only a handful of top financial services institutions nationally.
More broadly, we continued to sharpen our focus on succession planning. The annual talent assessment, which covers more than 6,200 SunTrust managers across the Company, identified candidates poised to assume broader responsibilities within the next 12 months. This process allows us to target individual development plans to better ensure that we have the bench strength we need to drive our business forward. Meanwhile, to help provide all employees tools for future career success, we enhanced online resources for managers and employees, including upgraded navigation to increase the prominence of online development and internal job posting tools.
SUNTRUST 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 3

                                        4 SUNTRUST 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
Delivering Growth – Our entire range of client experience-related initiatives, most visibly our company-wide “S3” sales and retention program and our “Thinking 360°” cross-sell efforts, are focused squarely on adding new clients and expanding
our relationships with current clients. It adds up to a relentless focus on driving growth in market share, sales and revenues, but always with appropriate risk-adjusted returns. Said another way, we are not interested in just getting bigger. We look
very carefully at the profitability characteristics of each client relationship to ensure it meets acceptable financial performance standards.
Central to our focus on profitable growth is our formal business mix management process. It provides a longer term blueprint of which client segments we should serve, and in which lines of business we should invest, based on an analysis of factors such as projected risk-adjusted returns and future growth potential. As a result of this process, we have identified specific areas within our lines of business, such as Business Banking, Debt Capital Markets, Consumer and Mortgage Lending, and Wealth Management, which offer especially strong growth opportunities. We are focusing management attention, and additional investment dollars, on those areas. At the same time, we’ve de-emphasized several businesses where analysis indicated limited growth potential as a result of changing market dynamics. In a few cases, we’ve elected to exit certain businesses which we felt were not strategically critical to SunTrust’s future. Separately, we have undertaken several balance sheet management initiatives that will help us build a foundation for growth in 2007 and beyond.
Increasing Productivity and Efficiency – Complementing our emphasis on revenue growth is a comprehensive, enterprise-wide commitment to enhance productivity and efficiency, slow the rate of growth of operating expenses and provide funds for continued investment in future growth opportunities. We do all this under a programmatic umbrella called “E2,” for “Excellence in Execution.” With E2, we are bringing to productivity and efficiency the same degree of concentrated focus that made
us an industry leader in credit quality and, in recent years, a successful sales organization.
The E2 program has several dimensions. One is cultural: a concerted effort to further instill a productivity culture at SunTrust by emphasizing internally the importance of expense discipline to our long-term success, and the key role of all employees in the effort. The other dimensions are where measurable financial
impact comes in as we look to achieve positive operating leverage; that is, revenues growing faster than expenses. Included under E2 are both current and planned initiatives designed to identify and realize productivity and efficiency opportunities related to corporate real estate, supplier management, offshoring and outsourcing, a series of process reengineering efforts and, finally, an organization review.
Improving Performance – Where it all comes together is in our ultimate strategic priority, the one that speaks directly to the interest of our shareholders: improving financial performance. At the end of the day, everything we do at SunTrust is aimed
at increasing returns to our shareholders. As we see it, SunTrust has the capacity to rank consistently among the financial performance leaders in our industry. That is an ambitious vision, but we believe a realistic one, given our franchise, our competitive positioning, our strategies, and the proven execution capabilities of our people.
Historically, SunTrust has enjoyed a well-deserved reputation as a leader among large U.S. banks in credit quality. In recent years, we significantly expanded our business capabilities and built a powerful competitive, sales and revenue-generation engine. Now, with our intensified focus on productivity and efficiency, the final element in the performance equation is being put into place.
As we saw in 2006, bank performance is directly affected by the state of the economy, the direction of interest rates, and other market forces. At this writing, indications are that 2007 will be another challenging year for our industry. That may be, but we are confident that SunTrust is positioned to meet the needs and expectations of our clients, our employees, our communities and, especially, our shareholders. We take seriously the interests of each of our constituencies. And we work diligently to serve those interests with professionalism, integrity, and pride.
Thank you for your investment in SunTrust – and for permitting us to serve your banking and financial needs.
L. Phillip Humann
Executive Chairman of the Board
James M. Wells III
President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2007
   