To Our Shareholders
In several ways, 2013 marked a meaningful step forward in the progression of our company. We delivered improved bottom-line performance and made considerable headway in reducing our overall risk profile, capping the year with strong growth in adjusted earnings and credit quality improvement. Moreover, we continued to build a more effective and efficient company, focusing our efforts on our key strategic priorities and purpose in order to deliver more value to clients and shareholders.
Our core operating trends were largely favorable during 2013, which was reflected in the 25% growth in adjusted earnings per share over 2012. In a year that was not without challenges, we delivered on several fronts.
3

2013 Financial Highlights
• We made substantial progress toward our long- term efficiency ratio goal. We accomplished this despite revenue challenges that resulted from considerable mortgage income headwinds, as longer-term interest rates began to climb and refinance activity slowed, as well as the effect of the prolonged low short-term interest rate environment on net interest income.
• Adjusted noninterest expense was down 12% from the prior year as a result of our continued efforts to better manage expenses across the company and the abatement of cyclical costs.
• Nonperforming loans and net charge-offs declined substantially and are at their lowest levels since 2007. This credit quality improvement drove significant year-over-year reductions in
the provision for credit losses. Our improved risk profile allows us to more firmly focus on the future of the company and the opportunities we see across our businesses.
• We delivered solid loan growth, with period-end balances up 5% from 2012, driven by targeted growth in commercial and industrial (C&I) and commercial real estate loans. Also notable
was the improving momentum as the year progressed, with loan balances and growth rates increasing each quarter.
• We maintained a strong capital position with a Tier 1 common ratio of 9.8% on a Basel I basis, and 9.6% on a Basel III estimated basis. We
also increased capital return to shareholders by doubling our quarterly dividend to $0.10 per share and repurchasing $200 million of stock during 2013 and early 2014.
SunTrust Banks, Inc. 2013 Annual Report

SunTrust’s Market Position and Strategic Focus
Our focus remains on meeting more of our clients’ needs, driving profitable growth, and further improving the efficiency of the company. We have a solid market position and the strategic focus to deliver improvement by leveraging the work we have already done to drive better performance and returns for our shareholders.
Our distinct position in the marketplace affords
us unique opportunities. We believe that our size
is ideal. We are large enough that we have the breadth of products to meet clients’ needs, but small enough to be nimble and effectively react to evolving market conditions and client preferences. We are a strong regional bank that has augmented its position with several strategic national businesses. Our geographic diversity supplements our business diversity, both of which are important to a bank’s performance. Furthermore, we have strong market share in the majority of our larger markets and these markets exhibit favorable growth characteristics. These hallmarks of SunTrust add up to a compelling organic growth opportunity, and we have actionable strategies to capitalize on our position.
Our strategic priorities are the same ones that have driven our transformation over the last several years. We continue to focus on three key areas as we look to grow and augment the business. Each of our business segments — Consumer Banking and Private Wealth Management, Wholesale Banking, and Mortgage Banking — plays a critical role in the success of our overall strategic objectives.
I. Optimize the Balance Sheet and Business Mix
One of our strategic priorities is to optimize the balance sheet and business mix. Our efforts have been centered on improving the diversification
of our loan portfolio and growing key businesses, particularly expanding Wholesale Banking and consumer lending. We have already made notable headway. From a balance sheet perspective, C&I and consumer loans, excluding government-guaranteed student loans, have increased from 46% of our total loan portfolio in 2009 to 57% at the end of 2013. During that same timeframe we reduced our nonguaranteed residential and home equity exposure from 38% to 31%. Furthermore, investment banking income has grown appreciably, achieving a new record year in 2013. Our Wholesale Banking segment, in aggregate, contributed $900 million to the company’s bottom line.
We have initiatives in place to help drive further growth. For example, we are expanding our Wholesale Banking reach by augmenting our industry coverage model and extending the markets in which we serve corporate banking clients — taking our corporate banking services beyond our regional footprint
and on to a national scale. We have also added
a nationwide, online consumer lending platform which targets super-prime clients. These growth initiatives are representative of our efforts to further expand our client franchise and supplement the growth in our regionally focused businesses.
5

II. Deepen Client Relationships
We are acutely focused on deepening client relationships. During 2013, we enhanced training and teammate tools to execute against this priority and made strides in deepening client relationships in each of our business segments.
We continue to make investments to help teammates identify and meet more clients’ needs. In Consumer Banking, we enhanced the functionality of our branch platform application. In Private Wealth Management, we recently launched an innovative financial planning tool that measures progress toward each client’s financial goals, integrating
all of their financial information including items held outside of SunTrust into one easy-to-use online portal. In Wholesale Banking, we continue to successfully deliver a comprehensive suite of financial products and services though our uniquely positioned middle-market investment banking business, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. We expect to better leverage our investment banking success with our corporate banking, commercial and business banking, and commercial real estate clients so that we can improve penetration and expand client relationships. We also believe we
can improve the delivery of mortgage products to our consumer banking and private wealth clients, and we have initiatives in place to capture this opportunity.
III. Improve Efficiency
Improving the efficiency ratio of the company is a critical priority, and we made notable progress in reducing our adjusted tangible efficiency ratio in 2013. Revenue is one component of the efficiency ratio, and I’ve outlined some of the initiatives we are pursuing to drive growth, but expense management has been a very important part of our efforts.
Expense management intensity continues across the organization, but some larger initiatives will help drive future progress. First, we are rightsizing our Mortgage Banking business due to both the resolution of legacy matters and as a response to the current origination environment. Moreover, we continue to focus on our digital channels to improve the client experience and reduce our cost to serve. The usage of self-service channels has steadily increased, and concurrent with this trend we reduced our branch count by 7% during 2013. Additionally, we are streamlining operations and support functions to remove redundancy and improve effectiveness.
To be clear, our focus is on improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our organization, as measured by our efficiency ratio. Revenue is an important component and some of our revenue growth initiatives will require investment. We will reinvest in areas that we believe will generate revenue growth and improve our long-term profitability profile.
SunTrust Banks, Inc. 2013 Annual Report

Our Purpose
Lighting the Way to Financial Well-Being continues to be at the center of everything we do. We define financial well-being as the feeling of confidence and control over one’s finances. It applies to both people and businesses. It’s also how we approach our business, our relationships, and our communities.
I don’t want us to ever lose sight of the important role we play every day in helping people and businesses reach their goals. SunTrust is critical to our nation’s economic recovery and the health and well-being of our communities. Lighting
the Way to Financial Well-Being is our way of articulating our collective commitment to this responsibility. When we do this well, our business expands and our shareholders are rewarded.
Our teammates continue to demonstrate their commitment to our clients and communities through the service they provide and their support of numerous organizations. This commitment
is recognized through the many accolades we received throughout the year, including 11 Greenwich Excellence Awards for distinctive quality in serving the financial needs of small business clients and being ranked at the top for customer advocacy in the super-regional banks category of Market Probe’s 2013 survey. I am also incredibly proud of our community giving and volunteerism. Collectively, this year we achieved a record $6.2 million in teammate giving for the United Way. Through partnerships with Operation HOPE, Junior Achievement, and several other organizations,
we expanded our efforts in delivering financial education, and our purpose, across our communities. I thank all of the SunTrust teammates for their dedication to this company, to our clients, and
to our communities, where they are making a difference every day.
I also thank our clients, who entrust us to help light the way to their financial well-being, and to our shareholders for your investment and continued support. Lastly, I express my gratitude to our Board of Directors for their knowledge and guidance and acknowledge the invaluable insight and acumen that our departing board members, A.D. “Pete” Correll and Jeffrey Crowe, have provided during their tenure on our board.
I am confident that the initiatives that we are pursuing to optimize our balance sheet and business mix, deepen client relationships, and improve our efficiency are the right ones. We have demonstrated progress already and will endeavor to continue that momentum in 2014.
William H. Rogers, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2014
 Note: This letter contains references to adjusted numbers. Please see the corresponding GAAP numbers on the preceding “Financial Highlights” table. Reconciliations to adjusted figures are provided in the following 2013 Form 10-K in Table 36, beginning on page 95. Statements regarding our goals and objectives are forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance upon these statements since they are subject to material risks and uncertainties. We list some of the factors that could affect these statements in the attached annual report on Form 10-K at Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis, beginning on page 32.
7
