 DELIVERING
ON OUR PROMISE
To our Shareholders,
At St. Jude Medical, we have a laser focus on innovation— that’s what differentiates us. We believe innovation is broader than delivering the next breakthrough product. It is about partnering with physicians, hospitals, payors, patients and our communities to challenge conventional thinking and create medical solutions that save and improve millions of lives worldwide—while reducing health care costs for all.
Our success is measured by our ability to transform the treatment of some of the world’s most expensive epidemic diseases and depends on our ability to invent medical technologies that challenge the status quo. We are delivering on our commitment as evidenced by our product portfolio, which reflects a cumulative investment in medical device innovation totaling more than $10 billion.
Last year, we made significant progress against our growth program milestones to position us well to accelerate sales
in 2015. In 2014, we developed new medical solutions
for patients who suffer from cardiac arrhythmias, such as atrial fibrillation, and broadened our portfolio to include
a contact force sensing ablation catheter. In the U.S. and internationally, we launched two spinal cord stimulation products that offer patients living with chronic pain new opportunities for treatment and management of their pain. We also commercialized a breakthrough medical technology —the CardioMEMSTM HF System—that aims to keep heart failure patients out of the hospital. Additionally, a number of clinical studies demonstrated how our technologies like the CardioMEMS HF System and others are driving down the cost of health care. These and other important achievements in 2014 position us for stronger growth in 2015.
Our success is measured by our ability to transform the treatment of some of the world’s most expensive epidemic diseases...
~ Dan Starks
 
 REALIGNING OUR GLOBAL BUSINESS
In 2014, St. Jude Medical completed our reorganization efforts and now truly operates as One St. Jude Medical. Prior to 2012, we operated in a highly decentralized environment characterized by six divisions organized according to priorities of different physician specialty groups or by geography. In 2012, we began reorganization efforts, as part of the anticipation to offset the Medical Device Excise Tax, and completed our centralization initiatives last year. This new structure makes us more agile and allows us to better leverage our scale, capture R&D synergies and present ourselves more effectively to our customers in an environment of health care reform.
As a result of this reorganization, our business is well positioned to continue to leverage adjusted earnings per share (EPS)*, even with modest sales growth. For 2014, net sales were $5.622 billion, an increase of 4 percent from the prior year on a constant currency basis*. Adjusted EPS was $3.98 compared to adjusted EPS of $3.76 for 2013. We estimate that on a constant currency basis, 2014 adjusted EPS increased 9 percent from the prior year.
Our commitment to quality drives every aspect of our business processes. In 2014, we improved our systems and product quality by resolving two FDA warning letters. Another significant benefit of reorganizing to a more centralized organization is that our R&D organization is now fully integrated into a unified quality system. Our product development processes are more efficient, capable and robust, allowing us to gain momentum to facilitate the flow of new, innovative products that will impact 2015.
GROWTH WITHIN OUR PRODUCT PORTFOLIO
We are focused on delivering a balanced portfolio of sustaining and pioneering technologies that will provide St. Jude Medical with both near-term and long-term growth. With these goals in mind, the key to accelerating sales growth in 2015 is executing on growth programs in three key areas: heart failure, atrial fibrillation and chronic pain.
In 2014, we strengthened our product portfolio with two acquisitions—CardioMEMSTM and NeuroThermTM—that put in place new and important growth drivers for our heart failure and chronic pain programs. We also launched two ablation catheters that will become important growth drivers for our atrial fibrillation program.
 Daniel J. Starks
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 
  CARDIOMEMSTM HF SYSTEM
St. Jude Medical is the innovation leader in heart failure management with CardioMEMS HF System as the cornerstone of our portfolio that is complemented with our quadripolar pacing, MultiPointTM Pacing and clinical data demonstrating the value of remote monitoring. The CardioMEMS HF System is a game-changing technology that we believe could be one of the most exciting innovations we have ever launched. However, we recognize this is a new market that requires time to develop. We have the right product at the right time to help improve patient outcomes, reduce the cost of health care, and help our customers better manage some of their most complex patients from a care perspective. Our early commercialization results reflect that customers recognize the value of integrating this technology into their heart failure practice.
The CardioMEMS HF System is the first and only FDA- approved heart failure monitoring device that has been proven to significantly reduce heart failure hospital admissions and improve quality of life in NYHA Class III patients. The CardioMEMS HF System allows patients
to take daily pulmonary artery (PA) pressure readings from the comfort of their home. PA pressure is the ideal measurement for managing heart failure, but until now, could only be performed in the hospital. By monitoring PA
pressure, doctors can detect filling pressure changes within the heart nearly a month before the current standard of weight and blood pressure changes. Clinical data from the landmark CHAMPION trial showed that the CardioMEMS HF System, when managed by a physician, is clinically proven to reduce heart failure hospital admissions by 37 percent. A retrospective data analysis from the CHAMPION clinical trial showed that for patients 65 years and older, PA pressure monitoring reduced all-cause 30-day readmissions by
58 percent and heart failure readmissions by 78 percent.
Underscoring the value of this meaningful technology,
CMS granted a New Technology Add-on Payment for in- patient treatment effective October 1, 2014. Additionally, CMS granted Transitional APC Pass-Through Payment Status for outpatient treatment effective January 1, 2015. These designations recognize that the CardioMEMS HF System provides substantial clinical improvement over available technologies and is designed to facilitate access for Medicare beneficiaries. Because of its proven clinical evidence and value to patients and health care systems, we view the CardioMEMS HF System as our number one growth driver in 2015.
CardioMEMSTM
HF System

  
 TactiCathTM
Quartz Ablation Catheter
TACTICATHTM QUARTZ ABLATION CATHETER AND FLEXABILITYTM IRRIGATED ABLATION CATHETER
Two of our new ablation catheters position our AF program
to be a significant catalyst to full-year sales growth in 2015. St. Jude Medical acquired EndosenseTM, SA, and its TactiCath Quartz line of contact force sensing ablation catheters in 2013 as part of our strategy to develop a state-of-the-art ablation catheter program. The TactiCath Quartz ablation catheter, which received FDA approval in October 2014
and CE Mark in 2012, gives electrophysiologists a real-time, objective measure of the force that the catheter applies to a patient’s heart wall during an ablation procedure. By enabling the ability to measure the amount of force applied to the heart wall during an ablation, electrophysiologists may create more effective lesions for their patients and may even reduce serious procedure-related complications.
In July 2014, St. Jude Medical received CE Mark approval of the FlexAbility ablation catheter (FDA approval was received in January 2015). The approval further strengthened our fast- growing ablation technology portfolio and provided physicians with a unique catheter for their non-contact force cases. The FlexAbility ablation catheter was developed with feedback from leaders in the electrophysiology community and combines a bendable irrigated catheter tip with an advanced handle and next-generation shaft design. The added flexibility of the tip, in addition to the catheter’s ability to maneuver easily and reliably in challenging cases, was designed to enhance the quality
of care for patients who require ablation procedures. When combined with the TactiCath Quartz ablation catheter, our new ablation technologies offer physicians two innovative solutions designed to improve outcomes, efficiency and productivity in electrophysiology labs worldwide.

       ProdigyTM IPG
Chronic Pain System
PRODIGYTM CHRONIC PAIN SYSTEM WITH BURST TECHNOLOGY**, PROTÉGÉTM UPGRADEABLE SCS SYSTEM AND RADIOFREQUENCY ABLATION FOR THE TREATMENT OF SPINAL PAIN
Last year, we leveraged a number of products to fuel growth within our chronic pain programs. They include our Prodigy Chronic Pain System, ProtégéTM Upgradeable SCS System and radiofrequency ablation (RFA) solutions.
The Prodigy Chronic Pain System from St. Jude Medical is the first and only implantable pulse generator (IPG) on the European market to offer both Burst stimulation technology and conventional tonic stimulation for a comprehensive approach to effective pain management. We believe that Burst stimulation represents a significant advancement in the treatment of chronic pain. Approved in Europe in March 2014, Burst offers options to patients whose chronic pain may not be fully managed by conventional tonic stimulation. This new stimulation method has been demonstrated to minimize paresthesia (a tingling sensation that replaces feelings of pain) in some patients, which can often fluctuate with posture and body position changes. By enabling the delivery of both modes of stimulation, clinicians can more effectively adjust therapy to address a patient’s unique pain condition.
Clinical evidence supporting the effectiveness of Burst stimulation continues to build. While not yet available in the U.S., we are conducting the SUNBURST IDE pivotal study
to support FDA approval. For U.S. chronic pain patients, the Protégé Upgradeable SCS System is the first and only IPG that allows therapy upgrades to be made via software updates. With Protégé, chronic pain patients can gain immediate access to new market-approved technology without surgical replacement of their IPG. Protégé also offers the longest FDA-approved projected battery life and relies on constant current to provide greater pain relief and higher patient satisfaction than systems relying on constant voltage. Protégé is truly a system designed with patients in mind.
Also in 2014, we bolstered our chronic pain portfolio with our acquisition of NeuroThermTM. This added RFA for the treatment of spinal pain, a proven therapy that provides treatment for patients earlier in the chronic pain care continuum. By offering RFA, St. Jude Medical has become the only company in the world to provide both RFA and spinal cord stimulation therapy options to patients, providing our customers with a more complete range of solutions for patients battling chronic pain.

 
 LOOKING AHEAD
TO 2015
These are exciting times for St. Jude Medical. We are well positioned to accelerate sales growth and deliver adjusted EPS leverage on a constant currency basis. We have a meaningful competitive advantage and anticipate success with a full year of offering our CardioMEMSTM HF System, new ablation catheters and a growing portfolio of chronic pain products.
I would like to thank each of our approximately 16,000 employees who inspire me with their hard work, creativity and unwavering commitment to challenging the status quo. I would also like to thank our shareholders, customers and other partners around the world for their continued confidence in the power of innovation and our ability to deliver therapies that improve patient care.
Our company has the privilege of delivering innovative medical solutions that save lives and improve the quality of life for millions of people worldwide. We help more than 20,000 patients around the world with a new
St. Jude Medical device every single business day. We don’t take this responsibility lightly. It is that responsibility that drives our vision to transform the treatment of some of the world’s most expensive epidemic diseases.
Sincerely,
Daniel J. Starks
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer St. Jude Medical, Inc.
March 13, 2015
 *Adjusted EPS and constant currency measurements are non-GAAP financial measures and exclude certain charges and the impact of currency changes. See selected financial information.
**CAUTION: Investigational device. Limited by Federal (United States) law to investigational use.
 