to our shareholders
full of life 3
  Global reach. Market selection. Cost-effective innovation. And
a team of more than 11,000 employees who are committed
to the highest standards of quality and business ethics. These are just a few of the many competitive differentiators that make St. Jude Medical one of the best medical device companies in the world.
2006 was a year of special challenges for our company due to a particularly weak market in the United States for implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs). Our response to these market pressures this past year demonstrates our character as an organization.
A weak U.S. ICD market? We responded by expanding our invest- ment in new products and new people. We had one of the most successful new product introduction periods in the history of the company and invested among the highest
in our peer group in cost-effective research and development – at more than 13 percent of sales. We also expanded our U.S. field sales
and support organizations at an unprecedented pace.
We are a company that is realistic about our challenges and meets them head on. We also are a company that stays focused on maximizing our opportunities. Outside the United States, we increased international revenue to 42 percent of overall
sales in 2006, with strong market share gains across a number of geographies. We met the challenges of 2006 and took advantage of the opportunities in order to position ourselves for success in 2007 and beyond.
We know that actions speak louder than words. So, to underscore
our confidence in the future, we announced a $1 billion stock repur- chase program in early 2007. This
is just one more demonstration that St. Jude Medical’s Board of Directors and management team are doing everything appropriate to advance the best interests of our shareholders.
WE MADE LIFE BETTER IN 2006
In addition to our financial results, the lives that are saved and improved by St. Jude Medical’s devices are an important measure of our success.
In 2006, we estimate that one of our medical devices helped treat a patient somewhere around the world about once every five seconds each hour of every day. Several of these patients are featured in this year’s annual report.
St. Jude Medical targets large growth opportunities where there is a clear need for innovation. Our objective is to capture these growth opportunities as the technology and market leader. We increasingly are succeeding in reaching our goal.
Cardiac Rhythm Disorders
Sudden cardiac arrest is a leading cause of death in the United States, resulting in the death of approxi- mately 800 to 1,000 people every day. Similar statistics abound throughout the world. ICDs are devices implanted in the chest that can shock an erratic, potentially lethal heartbeat back to normal rhythm. These highly sophisti- cated devices are amazingly effective, yet sadly, only a small percentage of the people who need these devices actually receive them.
We are doing our part at St. Jude Medical to address this tragedy. We expanded our educational and clinical programs to increase the awareness, acceptance and availability of ICD therapy. We launched more than
20 ICD and pacemaker products this past year. Each of these new products was designed to help make life better
 St. Jude Medical 2006 Highlights
 Net Sales $3.3 billion, up 13%
 Net Earnings $1.47 per diluted share, up 42%
 Cash Flow from Operations $648.8 million
 Research and Development 13% of net sales
   
   4 St. Jude Medical 2006 Annual Report
     MERLINTM PATIENT CARE SYSTEM
The Merlin System is a powerful, portable computer used to program pacemaker and ICD devices. This state-of-the-art system, launched in 2006, is designed to increase productivity during patient follow- up visits, helping clinicians provide the same high standard of care in significantly less time.
for patients, caregivers or other stakeholders impacted by ICD or pacemaker therapy. 2006 marks the sixth year in a row St. Jude Medical has gained global ICD market share.
One of these new products, the MerlinTM Patient Care System, is a programmer for ICDs and pacemakers that helps physicians retrieve and analyze patient information more efficiently during routine follow-up visits. The Merlin Patient Care System was designed as a platform technol- ogy to work with next-generation products and will become increasingly important during 2007 and 2008.
In 2006, we also received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for St. Jude Medical’s QuickOptTM Timing Cycle Optimization technology. Previous studies have shown that patients with ICDs and cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillators can benefit from timing cycle optimization. However, few patients undergo optimization because the current clinical standard – echocardiography (echo) – can be expensive and time-consuming. QuickOpt optimization procedures can be completed in less than two minutes compared to echo optimiza- tion, which typically takes between 30 minutes and two hours and requires manual interpretation by
a clinician.
Atrial Fibrillation
Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the world’s most common cardiac arrhythmia, affecting millions of people world- wide and sometimes leading to stroke
or other debilitating consequences. Historically, AF has been ignored or treated with drug therapy that is expensive and often has limited value to AF patients. Now, thanks in part to pioneering work by St. Jude Medical, more and more AF patients around the world are being cured of their disease.
We are a company that is realistic about our challenges and meets them head on.
Revenue for our AF business grew 28 percent in 2006 and was approx- imately 10 percent of our total sales. After more than 10 years of pioneering work and investment, our AF business is well on its way to becoming St. Jude Medical’s next major growth driver.
Promising technologies launched in 2006, like St. Jude Medical’s EnSite® System Version 6, provide improved clinical capabilities for cardiac mapping and navigation during electrophysiology procedures. Our EpicorTM Cardiac Ablation System, which received European approval in 2006 for use in AF procedures, allows an ablation device to be placed on the outside of a beating heart and delivers a high-intensity-focused- ultrasound energy across the wall of the heart to ablate cardiac tissue, without having to place patients on a heart-lung bypass machine. These and many other exciting
  ENSITE® SYSTEM
The EnSite System provides detailed, 3-D cardiac models during electro- physiology procedures, offering a representation of the heart’s anatomy. Physicians use the models, along with the EnSite System’s non-fluoroscopic catheter visualization technology, to collect information about the heart’s electrical activity, which helps them diagnose and treat many arrhythmias, including atrial fibrillation.

   full of life 5
    advancements St. Jude Medical made in 2006 have the potential to make life better for millions of people who suffer from AF or from other cardiac rhythm disorders.
FUTURE GROWTH DRIVERS
We pay as much attention to sustain- ing our success over the long term as we do to delivering outstanding results in the near term. Accordingly, in 2006, your Board of Directors and management team took important steps to invest in St. Jude Medical’s operations and develop future growth drivers across multiple and diverse platforms.
Neuromodulation is one such high- growth, high-impact opportunity for St. Jude Medical that is now firmly
in place. Our acquisition of Advanced Neuromodulation Systems (ANS)
in late 2005 gave St. Jude Medical an immediate presence in a fast- growing, $1 billion market and diversified our product portfolio beyond cardiovascular devices.
St. Jude Medical now holds a strong position in spinal cord stimulation, the largest segment of today’s neuro- modulation market. We have clinical trials underway to evaluate neuro- modulation technology in the areas of Parkinson’s disease, Essential Tremor, migraine headaches and other emerging indications. These new applications hold the promise of profoundly improving the lives of many people. We expect the global neuromodulation market to be a multi-billion dollar, multi-indication opportunity by the year 2010.
We are also building new growth platforms in the areas of cardiology and cardiac surgery. As with our other platforms, we target markets that we think will have an attractive growth profile and provide an oppor- tunity for St. Jude Medical to be the market leader. St. Jude Medical is focused on technologies for interven- tional cardiology procedures, such as patent foramen ovale (PFO) closure, catheter-based approaches to valve disease, and embolic protection. Our cardiac surgery franchise also contin- ues to grow, fueled by strong clinician demand for the SJM Biocor® valve, our first U.S. stented tissue valve, and a pipeline of new products.
We pay as much attention to sustaining our success over the long term as we do to delivering outstanding results in the near term.
To optimize long-term product development and overall operating efficiencies, we combined our Cardiac Surgery and Cardiology Divisions to create a new Cardiovascular Division, effective January 1, 2007. While
our cardiology and cardiac surgery sales forces will remain specialized, the savings generated from a more streamlined infrastructure help us maximize our cost-effective invest- ment in the research and develop- ment of new products.
SJM BIOCOR® VALVE
St. Jude Medical’s first stented tissue valve, the SJM Biocor, has a well- established track record of more than 20 years clinical experience in Europe. SJM Biocor is now available in the United States.
    ATLAS® II ICD AND ATLAS® II HF CRT-D
The Atlas II ICD and cardiac resyn- chronization therapy devices are powerful new products for treating patients with potentially lethal heart arrhythmias and heart failure. The Atlas II devices deliver enhanced telemetry speed for faster communi- cations. A vibrating patient notifier alerts patients to critical changes in device function, especially helpful for patients who have difficulty hearing.

   6 St. Jude Medical 2006 Annual Report
  WE MEET THE HIGHEST STANDARDS OF QUALITY AND BUSINESS ETHICS
St. Jude Medical’s 11,000 employees are united by a passion for making life better for patients and by an uncompromising commitment to meet the highest standards of quality and business ethics. We are proud
of our values and want you to know about them too.
First, quality. Our products have to meet the highest standards of quality because lives depend on them. To give you one example of how seriously we take this, approximately 40 percent of our product development costs for new ICDs and pacemakers can be directly linked to ensuring that our products meet the highest standards of quality. We design for quality from the beginning. We then test, manu- facture, test, redesign and test again to improve quality in a never-ending cycle. We know that the lives of our families, our colleagues, other mem- bers of our communities and even our own lives may someday depend on the quality of our products.
Our mission is to make life better through our activities as members
of St. Jude Medical. Nothing is more important to the success of our mission than making sure that our products and services consistently meet the highest standards of quality.
Next, business ethics. We recently challenged ourselves with the ques- tion, “What is more important –
working with the highest degree of ethics and integrity or working with the highest degree of success?” The answer, of course, was that we cannot be successful as a company unless we conduct ourselves with the highest degree of professional ethics and integrity. This includes compliance with the St. Jude Medical Code of Business Conduct and all applicable laws and regulations in all markets we participate in around the world.
We have the right people with the right products in the right markets.
The St. Jude Medical culture of integrity is an important competitive differentiator and a key ingredient to our success. We set clear standards of acceptable behavior and reinforce these standards with education and regular review. We audit ourselves to ensure that our behavior meets these standards. All of this is done in an environment of constant vigilance and continuous improvement.
ST. JUDE MEDICAL IS WELL POSITIONED FOR THE FUTURE
Your Board of Directors and manage- ment team look forward to the future with an informed optimism that
St. Jude Medical is well positioned
to sustain its success. We have the right people with the right products in the right markets. We value cost- effective innovation, uncompromising
adherence to the highest standards of quality and business ethics, and continuous improvement of all of our capabilities. These characteristics have served us well in the past and will continue to serve us well in the future.
In closing, I want to acknowledge the many constituencies that repre- sent a vital part of St. Jude Medical’s past and future success – our more than 11,000 dedicated employees, the company’s seasoned executive leadership team and outstanding Board of Directors, and our talented clinician partners and the patients they serve. Collectively, these con- stituencies support St. Jude Medical’s efforts to make life better for patients, caregivers and all of our other stake- holders around the world.
Thank you for your ongoing support of St. Jude Medical.
Sincerely,
Daniel J. Starks
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
March 26, 2007
 