     Driving
Growth
We are committed to developing medical device technology that helps reduce the total cost of health care while at the same time helping to improve patient outcomes.
         4
At St. Jude Medical, we use medical device technology to address some of the most expensive and burdensome diseases of our time, including heart failure, sudden cardiac death, atrial fibrillation, hypertension, coronary artery disease, stroke, chronic pain, migraine and depression. Over the last two years, St. Jude Medical has invested almost $3 billion in medical device technologies that are designed to both help patients as well as improve health care on a cost-effective basis. Our success as a company means we are helping save or improve the lives of millions of patients around the world. At the same time, this success will help us ensure we are also returning significant value to our shareholders.
We organize our technologies into four divisions. Each division helps patients and contributes to our success in a meaningful way.
Cardiovascular
Our Cardiovascular Division (CVD) focuses primarily on technologies that help patients who suffer from hypertension, coronary artery disease, stroke, heart valve disease, and other structural heart disorders.
On a constant currency basis, our CVD product sales increased 24 percent in 2011, including contributions from our acquisition of AGA Medical, Inc. Previously one of our more mature divisions, the vascular and structural heart
Daniel J. Starks
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
businesses are now positioned to be significant growth drivers for St. Jude Medical. The development and commer- cialization of the technology platforms within these busi- nesses offer significant growth opportunities.
Several of these products have already been released to the market and have contributed solid growth to our business, such as our TrifectaTM pericardial aortic tissue valve, which has grown at a strong double-digit rate since it launched in 2011. With our entry into the pericardial stented tissue valve market, we have gained business in accounts traditionally held by competitors, and we continue to gain overall market share.
In today’s health care and economic environment, technolo- gies that improve outcomes and reduce costs will increasingly offer the best opportunities for significant growth. Our PressureWireTM fractional flow reserve or FFR-measurement technology is an example of a technology that does just that for optimizing stenting procedures. With a wealth of clinical and economic data supporting the use of FFR technology, we expect FFR to become a standard-of-care in the treatment of coronary artery disease. Additionally, in 2011 we combined our clinically-proven FFR technology with our optical coher- ence tomography (OCT) imaging system, creating the innova- tive ILUMIENTM system. It offers physicians both advanced physiological and anatomical insight to improve the diagnosis and treatment of coronary artery disease.

During 2011, we also began a feasibility study of our renal denervation technology for treatment-resistant hypertension. Hypertension is another epidemic disease costing global health care systems as much as $500 billion annually. Our multi-electrode catheter and skin-to-skin approach to the renal denervation procedure leverages St. Jude Medical’s core capabilities in introducers, ablation catheters, generators and vascular closure to create a highly differentiated program. We expect to achieve CE Mark approval to launch our renal denervation program in Europe this year.
Cardiac Rhythm Management
Our Cardiac Rhythm Management (CRM) Division produces pacemakers, implantable cardioverter defibrillators, and other technology designed to help patients who suffer from certain heart rhythm disorders or from heart failure. The market for these products in 2011 exceeded $11 billion and is consid- ered to be relatively mature. Despite this reality, there remains a large undertreated population who could benefit from device therapy; particularly heart failure patients who could benefit from the use of cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrilla- tors (CRT-D). Approximately 23 million people worldwide are afflicted with congestive heart failure (CHF), and 2 million new cases of CHF are diagnosed worldwide each year. The annual direct and indirect costs associated with CHF are over $34 billion in the United States alone.
In the maturing CRM market, we believe that our new technologies demonstrate clinical and economic benefits that will be catalysts for growth. Our Unify Quadra® CRT-D, which was launched in 2011, directly addresses the need for
innovative treatment options for patients with heart failure. This first-to-market technology offers additional pacing options to avoid complications that can reduce the need for reopera- tion to reposition a lead. It also offers physicians the ability to more efficiently and effectively manage the individualized needs of patients with heart failure.
Atrial Fibrillation
Our Atrial Fibrillation (AF) Division creates technology to help patients who suffer from AF or a number of other cardiac rhythm disorders. The growth of the AF market remains one of the strongest opportunities in health care today. Our AF franchise addresses a $2.4 billion market that continues to grow at a double-digit rate. In 2011, the St. Jude Medical AF business grew 12 percent on a constant currency basis over 2010, and we expect to continue that trend of strong growth into 2012.
Our most significant U.S. product launches of 2011 for our AF Division were the Safire BLUTM bi-directional irrigated ablation catheter and the TherapyTM Cool PathTM bi-directional irrigated ablation catheter. These two new catheters have several key design features that offer physicians additional control, including bi-directional deflection, a new shaft with higher torque response, a lower fluid infusion rate, and a choice of handles.
Looking ahead to 2012 and beyond, we are focused on providing physicians with technology that improves the efficacy and efficiency of ablation procedures, while reducing the risks associated with the radiation exposure of fluoroscopy through non-fluoroscopic navigation and mapping technologies
Net Sales
(in billions)
$6 $5 $4 $3 $2 $1
Operating Profit
(in billions)
$1.50 $1.25 $1.00 $0.75 $0.50 $0.25
Diluted Net earnings Per Share
(in dollars)
$3.00 $2.50 $2.00 $1.50 $1.00 $0.50
Research and Development Expense (in millions)
$800
$600
$400
$200
                                              07 08 09 10 11
07 08 09 10 11
07 08 09 10 11
07 08 09 10 11
5

 FORTUNE MAGAZINE NAMES
ST. JUDE MEDICAL NO. 1 IN INDUSTRY
St. Jude Medical was named the No. 1 Medical Equipment Company in FORTUNE Magazine World’s Most Admired Companies issue. FORTUNE annually ranks companies’ overall reputation using rigorous measurements for innovation, people management, use of corporate assets, social responsibility, quality of management, financial soundness, long-term investment, quality of products, and global competitiveness. St. Jude Medical was also included in the top 50 most admired companies in the world.
such as the EnSiteTM Velocity 3.0 system and our MediGuideTM system. These and other St. Jude Medical technologies are creating integrated solutions for future electrophysiology labs.
Neuromodulation
Our Neuromodulation Division focuses on helping patients who suffer from chronic pain, migraine, depression, Parkinson’s disease, and a wide variety of other diseases. Our neuromodulation business continues to perform well, driven by international growth and continued share gains from the strong performance of our EonTM Mini neurostimulator. The launch of our EpiducerTM lead delivery system for neuromodu- lation therapy further enhanced our ability to gain share in the spinal cord stimulation market, propelling our Neuromodulation business to eight percent constant currency growth in 2011.
During 2011, strong clinical evidence demonstrated that our neuromodulation technology can help patients who have intractable chronic migraine. Following the presentation of this data, St. Jude Medical became the first neuromodulation company in the world to have an approved indication for this therapy when we received CE Mark approval to market the technology in Europe. Market development will take time, but we expect our migraine business to become a significant new growth driver long-term.
Our deep brain stimulation program also continued to make advancements as clinical data demonstrating the success
of our Parkinson’s disease clinical trial was presented and published. In addition, we expanded our BROADEN U.S. IDE trial studying deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant depression. Pilot study results published in the Journal of Neurosurgery in the fourth quarter of 2011 showed that
62 percent of patients in the study had a clinically signif- icant reduction in depression scores one year after beginning treatment.
Looking Ahead
As we begin 2012, we understand that the medical technol- ogy market continues to face challenges. We expect our overall growth rate to accelerate as our new growth drivers already on the market gain momentum and as we continue to release additional new growth drivers to the market in the months ahead.
We are well positioned to win in today’s medical technology environment. Demographics are on our side. In developed markets, the population is getting older. In emerging markets, the population is getting wealthier. These markets offer growth for the right technologies; we have best-in-class exposure to international markets and disruptive technologies that we expect to become standard-of-care in mature, developed markets.
We thank our Board of Directors for their continued support and direction, which has allowed us to develop the strongest growth pipeline of our peers, and positions us as a best-in- class medical device company. We thank our global work force, now more than 16,000 St. Jude Medical employees, whose work every day helps us to develop, manufacture and commercialize products that improve and save patient lives. We also thank our customers for their ongoing confidence and collaboration in our work to advance the practice of medicine through innovative medical technologies.
While we made significant progress in 2011, we are excited about the opportunities for St. Jude Medical in 2012 and beyond. We are confident that St. Jude Medical has the right programs in place to come out of 2012 with a strong portfolio of growth drivers that will continue our program of accelerat- ing long-term sustained growth.
Sincerely,
Daniel J. Starks
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer St. Jude Medical, Inc.
March 14, 2012
 6
