                1
2014 STOCKHOLDER REPORT
LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Dear Fellow Stockholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors, executive team and employees of Starz, thank you for your continued support in 2014.
These are remarkable times for entertainment businesses. Broad and sweeping change continues to transform our industry’s landscape. Consumers are demanding more high-quality content and consuming that content in new, exciting ways. An ever more digital world is accelerating the appetite for great original premium programming and entertaining movies. This holds whether viewers are in their living rooms accessing content through new applications on gaming consoles, through video service providers’ set-top boxes, or outside of the home on mobile devices like smartphones and tablets. We are in the midst of a dynamic period of global change providing new business opportunities around content creation, distribution, and consumption.
So what does all this mean for Starz?
Investors, industry watchers, and participants are keenly aware of the multiplying number of digitally-enabled content distribution options. At Starz, we have been hard at work strengthening relationships with our cable, satellite, and telco partners and the success of our efforts is demonstrated by the strong increase in STARZ subscribers in 2014. We have been particularly excited by the innovative distribution efforts by our traditional partners who are embracing change to meet the demands of consumers. Their exciting offerings, along with those of new entrants, embracing digital distribution and multi-platform access, demonstrate that entertainment innovation is alive and well. These new services, which consumers are also embracing, should also bring real benefits to content creators and service providers.
Starz and other premium television networks deliver significant value because we offer what consumers truly want: compelling, immersive entertainment experiences. Product innovation, best-in-class premium programming, and a drive to deliver to consumers the best experience on whatever platform they choose are the keys to driving our future opportunity. There is no doubt the premium category is an innovator for change in our industry.
While we work towards the future, we continue to execute on our strategy to enhance our value proposition by increasing our volume of high- quality original premium programming. In 2014, we delivered strong financial results and grew full-year STARZ subscriptions by 1.1 million to a new high of 23.3 million, which made us the second most widely distributed premium flagship network in the U.S. Combined STARZ and ENCORE subscriptions reached 57.3 million, another record. We are expanding and extending our distribution opportunities, both in the U.S. and abroad. In doing so, we will be able to more efficiently monetize our original premium programming in international markets.
We are particularly excited about our most robust and diverse slate of programming to date. Original series such as “Outlander,” “Black Sails,” “Power,” “Survivor’s Remorse,” “Da Vinci’s Demons” and “The Missing” are delivering significant ratings and viewership across all platforms. On top of this, our networks are garnering critical acclaim and increased consumer brand recognition. As a result, a virtuous cycle is in the making: Starz is attracting more viewers and subscribers and this, in turn, is driving a new energy where more A-list creative talent want to work with and appear on Starz.
Multi-platform content delivery represents a new opportunity to provide consumers the viewing experience they want on the platform of their choosing. Our multi-platform STARZ PLAY, ENCORE PLAY and MOVIEPLEX PLAY services, which allow subscribers to access our originals and movies anywhere they want, are now available across a wide range of devices including: Google’s Chromecast, the Xbox One and Xbox 360 gaming platforms, as well as the iPhone, iPad, Kindle, NOOK, and other Android devices. We have developed a strong technological platform that allows us to build out our multi-platform capabilities to deliver even more dynamic, consumer friendly content experiences.

                 In support of the multi-platform viewing and monetization of our original premium programming content, we have entered into two notable distribution agreements with Amazon and Netflix for our growing library of original series. Importantly, these deals are structured to provide us not only revenue, but also flexibility since they allow us to keep all of the original premium programming we licensed on our own platforms— STARZ, STARZ ON DEMAND, and STARZ PLAY—to the continued benefit of our STARZ premium pay TV subscribers.
As we scale our original premium programming volumes, we believe there is meaningful international opportunity for Starz as well. During 2014, we invested in a venture to launch STARZ PLAY as a direct-to-consumer online service in select global emerging markets. As part of this initiative, we recently debuted STARZ PLAY Arabia, which launched in 17 countries and territories throughout the Middle East and North Africa. STARZ PLAY’s first international foray is structured with proven partners and represents a low-risk way for Starz to tap into the powerful growth dynamics of international entertainment markets.
We have made significant progress in 2014, and as we look ahead to 2015, we believe we are well-positioned to capitalize with our nimbleness and innovative spirit to deliver value to our stockholders. We are efficiently transforming our business from an all-movie-based service to a true gold standard premium entertainment provider. By delivering an expected 78 episodes of original series in the 2015 calendar year, we are confident that we can continue to grow our traditional and new distribution partnerships, ensure access to our programming through advanced technologies and distribution platforms, and more effectively monetize our valuable programming rights, both in the U.S. and abroad.
We like where our business stands and think Starz’s best years are ahead of it. We look forward to updating you with more accomplishments over the course of 2015.
Thank you for your continuing commitment to Starz. Sincerely,
Chris Albrecht
Chief Executive Officer Starz
Gregory B. Maffei Chairman of the Board Starz
        2014 STOCKHOLDER REPORT 2
