                                        To Our Shareholders
Ronald E. Logue
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Introduction
Overall, 2007 was another strong year for State Street and one that demonstrated the continued value of our focus on meeting the needs of global institutional investors.
The year, however, was not without its challenges. I believe that the best way to evaluate the strength of a company is to judge its performance not only when conditions are favorable, but also during times of adversity. At State Street, we face up to difficulty by sticking to the values that are at the core of our company. These values are reflected in the four constituencies we serve: our shareholders, our customers, our employees and our community. With each of these constituencies our actions are guided by one principle—doing what is right. For this reason we are open and transparent with our shareholders and fair to our customers. It is why we judge the performance of our employees fairly, and give back to the communities in which we live and work.
During 2007, unprecedented conditions within the financial markets presented many challenges for our industry. I am pleased to report that despite these issues, our core businesses grew considerably in 2007. We added new customers, expanded relationships with existing customers, grew market share, and extended our range of capabilities and services. Our acquisition in July of Investors Financial Services Corp. (Investors Financial), the largest acquisition in State Street’s history, also complemented this growth.
This success is not to say that State Street was untouched by the volatility created by the credit crisis. A small number of our actively managed fixed-income strategies were adversely impacted by exposure to, and the lack of liquidity in, sub-prime mortgage markets.
We recorded a net after-tax charge of $279 million in the fourth quarter to establish a reserve to address legal exposure associated with the underperformance of these strategies and, just as importantly, to appropriately address customer concerns. We also made a number of changes to the investment teams to address the underperformance and to help prevent the recurrence of any similar events in the future.
In addition, we addressed market-wide concerns about asset-backed commercial paper conduits by providing investors with comprehensive information that highlighted the significant differences between our conduits and those that had triggered problems for many other banks.
Let me now outline our performance in 2007 across a number of key areas:
Performance Against Our Goals
We began the year with the objectives of growing operating earnings per share by 10 to 15 percent; growing operating revenue by 8 percent to 12 percent; and achieving operating return on equity of 14 to 17 percent. I am pleased to report that State Street exceeded its financial goals for 2007, excluding the merger and integration costs related to the Investors Financial acquisition, the fourth-quarter charge related to our active fixed-income strategies and, for 2006, excluding the tax adjustments. We were rewarded by a 20 percent annual gain in our stock price, well above the 3.5 percent rise in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index through December 31, 2007.
Contributing to this result was sustained momentum in our core business in 2007, resulting in double-digit increases in nearly every revenue item on our income statement. On an operating basis, after excluding the impact of the fourth quarter charge, the merger and integration costs associated with the Investors Financial acquisition and the impact of the tax adjustments in 2006, State Street earned $4.57 per share on net income of $1.669 billion in 2007, up 32 percent compared to $3.46 per share from continuing operations in 2006. Revenue for the year increased 32 percent to a record
$8.394 billion. Operating return on shareholders’ equity was 17.7 percent, up from 17.1 percent in 2006.
We achieved our 30th consecutive year of growth in operating earnings per share and our dividend grew for the 29th consecutive year as we increased our per share fourth-quarter dividend in 2007 to 23 cents, up 10 percent from 2006. We also achieved positive operating leverage on an annual basis for the third consecutive year.

We ended 2007 with $15.3 trillion in assets under custody, a 29 percent gain over the previous year. Assets under management were $1.98 trillion at the end of 2007, up 13 percent from 2006. Servicing fees increased in 2007, growing 24 percent from 2006, and management fees were up by
21 percent from the prior year. Foreign exchange revenue in 2007 increased 31 percent and securities finance revenue increased 76 percent from 2006.
Our net interest margin improved significantly to 171 basis points, an increase from 125 basis points in 2006. This performance continues the upward trend that began when we centralized our treasury function in early 2005.
Increasing its footprint, State Street Global Advisors (SSgA) accounted for 22 percent of the company’s pre-tax profit in 2007, excluding the fourth quarter charge, an increase of more than five times in five years from just over 4 percent in 2002. SSgA also recorded a pre-tax margin of 36 percent on an operating basis, up from 12 percent in 2002.
Growing Globally for our Customers
State Street enhanced its global market position and capabilities for its customers in 2007. Three significant acquisitions fueled this achievement. In March, we acquired Currenex, a New York-based online foreign exchange trading platform, enabling us to address the needs of traders who view cash as an asset class and require high-speed, streaming prices to execute their investment strategies. July marked the completion of our acquisition of Investors Financial, which strengthened our leadership in high-growth areas for our customers, including servicing for alternative investments, and offshore and collective funds. The consolidation of Investors Financial is exceeding our expectations. The company contributed $462 million of fully taxable-equivalent revenue to State Street in the second half of 2007, and we continue to convert customers, confident we will achieve our goal of 90 percent revenue retention. During the year, we financed this acquisition through the issuance of approximately
61 million shares of our common stock. In association with the acquisition, we initiated a $1 billion accelerated share repurchase program that we just completed in January 2008. The dilutive impact to our bottom line was $(.06) per share in 2007, well below our original expectation of $(0.14) per share dilutive. Given this encouraging performance, we now anticipate the acquisition to be slightly accretive to earnings in 2008.
We also acquired Palmeri Fund Administrators, a New Jersey-based specialist in private equity fund administration that complements the capabilities we acquired from Investors Financial and enables us to provide customers with a comprehensive servicing platform.
Building a strong growth company means working harder to find new opportunities in the global marketplace. In the major geographic regions of Europe and Asia-Pacific, we are growing faster than the market itself. In 2007, our non-US business accounted for 41 percent of State Street’s total revenue, up from 39 percent in 2006, the latter on a pro-forma basis assuming adjustment for the Investors Financial acquisition. At the end of 2007, more than 35 percent of our workforce, or about 10,000 employees, worked outside the United States.
Revenue in the Asia-Pacific region, where we employ about 2,400 employees, reached $906 million in 2007, up from $669 million in 2006. Our long-standing presence in the region, where we celebrated our 25th year in Hong Kong in 2007, helped us win customers like the Bank of China, which selected State Street to provide custody, fund accounting, performance measurement and compliance reporting for the foreign currency assets of China Life Insurance Company Limited. This win represented the first-ever offshore insurance investment fund awarded as a jointly serviced mandate in mainland China. In Sydney, we were appointed to provide investment services for AU$12 billion in assets for the Workers Compensation Nominal Insurer of New South Wales, Australia.
Revenue in Europe, the United Kingdom and the Middle East, where we employ just under 6,400 employees, grew to $2.2 billion in 2007, up from $1.8 billion in 2006. Among the mandates originating in Europe in 2007, State Street expanded its relationship with Paternoster, the London-based insurance specialist that purchases and manages pension assets, representing a trend in pension defeasance that

we believe creates a servicing opportunity for us. We were also appointed to manage more than
£330 million in assets for the British Airport Authority Pension Trust and were chosen to provide a range of investment services for A620 million in pension fund assets for Royal Cosun, a leading food producer in the Netherlands. SSgA also achieved significant growth in Europe. At the end of 2007, approximately 22 percent or $427 billion of SSgA’s assets under management originated in Europe and the United Kingdom, compared with $76 billion or 10 percent of assets under management in 2002. During the year, we also expanded our operations into Eastern Europe by opening an office in Krakow, Poland.
As we expand globally we continue to grow our market share in North America. In July, New York-based Baron Funds tapped State Street to provide custody and fund accounting for approximately $18 billion in assets in its US mutual funds. Earlier in the year, Putnam Investments appointed State Street to provide custody, fund accounting and investment manager operations outsourcing services for more than $169 billion in assets.
Our Commitment to Our Communities and Our People
As I described earlier, giving back to the communities where we live and work is core to our values. Through the efforts of the State Street Foundation, more State Street employees participated in more community projects in more parts of the world than ever before. In 2007, more than 7,100 employees volunteered more than 52,000 hours of their time—up from just over 6,700 volunteers and 43,900 hours in 2006.
Our employees were generous not only with their time, but with their donations as well. State Street employees pledged more than $3 million for the United Way, which in combination with a corporate contribution resulted in a donation in excess of $5 million. In addition to the $18.2 million in grants made by the State Street Foundation, the corporation’s gifts last year included $10 million to Boston’s Museum of Fine Arts to fund the renovation of the Museum’s Fenway entrance. We also expanded our leadership support of Oxfam Trailwalker events held across Europe and the Asia-Pacific region.
As a global company, State Street recognizes that a diverse and dedicated workforce is fundamental to the success of our business. In 2007, progress continued on a three-year targeted effort to create a more diverse workforce. Specifically, in 2006 we set out to add 50 percent more women, people of color and non-US passport holders to our executive ranks by 2008. After two years, we are now at 97 percent of that goal.
Continuing Momentum in 2008
The financial services industry forged its way through a difficult environment in 2007. Going forward, I believe that the winners in our business will be the organizations that can generate profitable revenue growth even during slower economic environments. We at State Street are poised to do just that given our ability to bring strong revenue growth down to the bottom line.
We begin 2008 with strong 2007 operating results and with the consolidation of Investors Financial exceeding our expectations. As the rate of growth in the US economy begins to slow, State Street remains resilient and strong due to our focus, continued business momentum, our growth in non-US markets, and the talent and dedication of our people.
For 2008, our financial goals are focused on continuing our momentum: growth in operating earnings per share of between 10 and 15 percent, growth in operating revenue of between 14 and

17 percent, and achievement of operating return on equity of 14 to 17 percent. We currently expect to achieve in the middle of these ranges.
Volatile markets create trying times for investors and financial service providers alike. In the years ahead our values will continue to guide us no matter what the industry may encounter. Our focus enabled us to deliver on our financial goals in 2007, and I will ensure that we remain equally steadfast in our commitment to superior results for all of our stakeholders in 2008.
Thank you for investing in State Street.
29FEB200811462186
Ronald E. Logue
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 