Joseph L. Hooley
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders
  
Introduction
State Street demonstrated strong resilience in 2011, amid an extremely challenging environment. We achieved growth in operating-basis1 earnings per share of 10 percent on operating-basis revenue growth of 9 percent. Throughout the year, we continued to drive profitable growth in our asset servicing and asset management businesses, with fees from both increasing 11 percent. Expense savings achieved in 2011 from our business operations and information technology transformation program exceeded our goals, further supporting our profitable growth. In addition, we maintained among the highest capital ratios in the industry and continued to prioritize increasing the return of capital to our shareholders with a successful share buyback program and an increase in our common stock dividend. While we saw a decline in the 1-year return of our stock price, we solidly outperformed the 1-year total return on the S&P Financial Index by 560 basis points and some of our closest competitors even more significantly. These results illustrate the strength of our franchise and our value to our global clients.
Market Environment
2011 was marked by two distinct halves: a continued recovery in the first half followed by a weaker second half driven by the downgrade of U.S. debt and the Eurozone crisis, both of which triggered volatile equity markets and weak capital markets. These factors created pressure on State Street as well as on our clients, who faced challenging markets in addition to more complex reporting requirements in response to market demands and an evolving regulatory environment.
To address these challenges, we accelerated our business operations and information technology transformation program, reduced incentive compensation, and implemented targeted staff reductions. At the same time, we balanced our expense control measures with our need to invest in the business and deliver solutions for our clients.
2011 Performance2
Given the market conditions, our core financial performance was strong. Our 2011 earnings per common share were $3.79, a 23 percent increase compared to $3.09 in 2010, with 2011 revenue of $9.59 billion, an increase of 7 percent over 2010 revenue of $8.95 billion. Our 2011 return on common shareholders’ equity was 10.0 percent, compared to 9.5 percent in 2010. On an operating basis1, 2011 earnings per common share were $3.73, up 10 percent from $3.40 in 2010. Operating-basis revenue increased 9 percent to $9.50 billion, from $8.71 billion in 2010, and operating-basis return on common shareholders’ equity was 9.9 percent in 2011, compared to 10.4 percent in 2010.
We remain focused on delivering long-term value to our shareholders. During 2011, following the Federal Reserve’s Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) of bank holding companies, we increased our quarterly common stock dividend to $0.18 per share and also completed a $675 million common stock buyback program. In March 2012, the Federal Reserve completed its 2012 CCAR, after which we announced a $0.06 per share increase in our quarterly common stock dividend, raising the dividend from $0.18 to $0.24. This dividend matches, on a split-adjusted basis, the highest dividend on our common stock in our history. Together with the dividend announcement, we also disclosed a new share buyback program, under which we are authorized to purchase up to $1.8 billion of our common stock through March 31, 2013. The timing of stock purchases and number of shares purchased will, of course, depend on various factors, including market conditions and our capital position, financial performance and other investment opportunities. These actions reflect the high priority we place on returning capital to our shareholders.
Delivering for Our Clients
Our focus on delivering innovative solutions for our clients and expanding our global footprint, which currently spans 29 countries and more than 100 markets, drove strong new business in 2011, with $1.4 trillion of new business in assets to be serviced from both current and new clients. Approximately 42 percent of these new wins were from non-U.S. clients.

State Street Global Advisors (SSgA) continued to benefit from growth in ETF assets, adding 32 new strategies during the year. SSgA also won $109 billion in new asset management mandates, $39 billion of which were from non-U.S. clients. Another powerful driver of new business in 2011 was our alternative asset servicing capabilities. We are the top global servicer of alternative assets3 and had $816 billion of alternative assets under administration at year end 2011.
Our ability to cross-sell our solutions across the organization resulted in 80 percent of new revenue growth in 2011 coming from existing clients. In fact, about 40 percent of SSgA’s 2011 revenue came from the top 75 clients of our investment servicing organization.
We completed two acquisitions in 2011 designed to strengthen our solutions for clients — Complementa Investment-Controlling AG, a Swiss provider of performance measurement and analytics to banks, pension funds and insurance companies, which enables us to strengthen our reporting and analytics capabilities through access to Complementa’s high precision and quality analytic processes; and in the U.S., Pulse Trading, Inc., which adds an equity-crossing platform to our existing electronic trading capabilities.
We also announced alliances in 2011 with two strategic partners to help accelerate the delivery of value- added services to our clients. We acquired a majority equity interest in InfraHedge, a U.K.-based provider of an independent governance and risk management infrastructure for institutional investors investing in hedge funds through managed accounts. We also announced a partnership with PriceStats, a provider of high-frequency global inflation indices that we are distributing through our proprietary client research portal with limited information also available to the media on a new research website.
Earlier in the year, we completed our acquisition of Bank of Ireland Asset Management, the investment management arm of the Bank of Ireland Group, expanding our investment management capabilities to include global active fundamental equity.
Our client focus also helped us win top industry accolades during the year, including Custodian of the Year (European Pension Awards), Outsourcing Provider of the Year, Transfer Agent of the Year and Mutual Fund Administrator of the Year (International Custody and Fund Administration magazine’s Americas Service Provider Awards), No. 1 in overall transitions (Plan Sponsor Transition Management Survey) and Most Recognized ETF Brand (exchangetradedfunds.com).
Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation Program2
Our goal is to expand our position as the financial services industry’s leader in terms of innovation, service and operational efficiency. With these principles in mind, we launched a business operations and information technology transformation program in November 2010 to enhance service excellence and innovation, accelerate new product innovations and deliver increased efficiencies in our operating model. This multi-year program includes operational and information technology enhancements and targeted cost reductions. By the end of 2014, we expect the program to reduce our pre-tax, run-rate expenses from operations, on an annualized basis, by between approximately $575 million to $625 million compared to 2010 run-rate expenses. We expect to realize the full effect of the expense reductions in 2015. During the past year, we accelerated this program in response to the weakened global economy, achieving annual pre-tax, run-rate expense savings in 2011 (excluding restructuring charges) of approximately $86 million compared to 2010 run-rate expenses.
For the operations transformation, we have identified 14 core processes that span our global operations that we believe can be dramatically improved. We are achieving these enhancements by using “Lean methodologies,” designed to maximize client value while minimizing waste. We are standardizing and automating those processes and, where feasible, utilizing our Centers of Excellence (COEs), which allow us to establish efficiencies, leverage scale and optimize best practices for our businesses worldwide.
For the technology transformation, we have installed a cloud computing infrastructure, which creates more speed, agility and efficiency for our clients. State Street is uniquely positioned to achieve this kind of transformation because of our access to large aggregations of data and our proprietary platform. With our “Stack

and Cloud” approach we will move hundreds of core applications to our private cloud over the next three years. This process is well under way, with 10 applications already deployed to the cloud, and another 16 under evaluation. In 2012, we will build new applications using the cloud, and continue to move existing applications there as well. Utilizing the cloud we estimate will cut new product development time by 30 percent and we will be able to onboard new clients approximately 20 percent faster.
Commitment to Corporate Citizenship
We also measure our success throughout the year in other equally important ways, including our commitment to our corporate value of Global Force, Local Citizen. During 2011, State Street employees volunteered more than 82,000 hours, which contributed $1.7 million in savings to our charitable partners. In addition, our State Street Foundation made $20.5 million in grants during the year to nonprofit organizations around the globe. This figure includes $4.8 million in employee matching gifts and contributions from employee workplace giving campaigns, including the first annual Global Giving Campaign which focused on education. This global cause will continue to drive the Global Giving Campaign for the next two years.
Our corporate citizenship efforts have been recognized by the community organizations with which we work and the broader community at large. For the fifth consecutive year, we were named to Corporate Responsibility magazine’s list of the “100 Best Corporate Citizens,” a list that includes only two other financial companies. We achieved a bronze rating in “Business in the Community’s 2011 Corporate Responsibility Index,” the U.K.’s leading voluntary benchmark of corporate responsibility. This award marked the first time we received recognition from this prominent group, and we intend to further develop our comprehensive approach to corporate responsibility and reporting.
Looking Forward2
Our financial results this year support our belief that we are well positioned to take advantage of global growth opportunities fueled by the macro trends of globalization, retirement savings, complexity and consolidation. The next 12 months may bring additional challenges and opportunities, but our strategic objectives remain the same: to drive profitable growth, invest in innovation, transform our operating model, leverage our capital strength, and develop and attract top talent.
I strongly believe we are in an excellent position to achieve these objectives and to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. We appreciate your support and will continue to work hard to reward your confidence in us.
Thank you for investing in State Street.
Joseph L. Hooley
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 23, 2012
1 In addition to presenting State Street’s financial results in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, management also presents results on a non-GAAP, or “operating” basis, because we believe that such information supports meaningful comparisons from period to period and the analysis of comparable financial trends with respect to our normal ongoing business operations. We believe that operating-basis financial information, which reports revenue from non-taxable sources on a fully taxable- equivalent basis and excludes the impact of revenue and expenses outside of the normal course of our business, facilitates an investor’s understanding and analysis of State Street’s underlying performance and trends in addition to reported financial information, which is prepared in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations of operating-basis results are provided later in this Annual Report to Shareholders.
  