 To Our Shareholders
Ronald E. Logue
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
Introduction
Despite unprecedented turmoil in the global economy, State Street was profitable in all four quarters of 2008, exceeding our financial goals and reporting record annual earnings and revenue gains. Importantly, our core businesses remained strong, fueled by substantial growth in our servicing, trading and securities finance businesses, as well as significant growth in net interest revenue.
I believe our performance in 2008 was driven by five fundamental factors that differentiate State Street in the marketplace— a strong capital and risk management focus; consistent performance against our goals; our ability to leverage our global scale and full range of innovative products and services for our customers; our depth of talent and industry leadership, and our continued commitment to the communities where we operate.
Our strong performance could not completely shield us from the effects of the market turmoil, as reflected by the decline in our stock price during the year. As global markets deteriorated throughout 2008, the unrealized mark-to-market losses in our investment portfolio and in the asset-backed commercial paper conduits we administer increased primarily due to the effects of continuing illiquidity in the market. We continue to believe that the assets in our investment portfolio and the conduits remain strong. This strength is demonstrated when, during 2008, about $8 billion of structured securities in our investment portfolio either matured or paid down at par despite being priced on average at approximately $0.92 on the dollar.
Strong Capital and Risk Focus
These extraordinary times require swift and definitive action to promote continued strength and growth. During 2008, we took a number of steps to strengthen our capital and to reduce costs to calibrate the company to the slower growth environment. These steps include a reduction in our global workforce, impacting approximately 2,100 positions by the end of the first quarter of 2009, resulting in an expected annualized savings of $375 to $400 million and a charge of $306 million. The reductions are focused on consolidating positions and gaining efficiencies, primarily within our management ranks, without compromising customer service and support. We also raised $2.8 billion in equity capital in June for general corporate purposes, particularly providing additional support for our Tangible Common Equity ratio (TCE).
It’s important to note that State Street has among the highest regulatory capital ratios in the industry, reporting a Tier 1 capital ratio of 20.25 percent against the standard well-capitalized requirement of 6 percent. Our TCE ratio, which is often reviewed by investment analysts and investors, was 4.61 percent as of
December 31, 2008, compared to our target of 4.25 to 4.75 percent. Nevertheless, since the market has increasingly been focused on the impact of pro forma consolidation of the commercial paper conduits that we administer on our TCE ratio, we announced in February 2009 a plan to strengthen this pro forma ratio. The plan includes a reduction in the quarterly dividend on our common stock to $0.01 per share and a more conservative investment approach for our investment portfolio. Assuming that in 2009 the unrealized losses on our investment portfolio and the conduits remain unchanged and that we execute against our 2009 budget, our pro forma TCE ratio will be approximately 4.9 percent by year end. Given that our shareholders are making sacrifices through dividend reductions, we believe that we must also be willing to make our own sacrifices. Therefore, I and other members of senior management, including the other four named executive officers reflected in our proxy statement, will forgo incentive compensation for 2008. We have also reduced 2008 incentive compensation by 50 percent for all but our most junior employees.
In addition to focusing on our capital structure, we also enhanced our already strong risk management culture and company-wide systems in 2008. In April, we appointed Maureen Miskovic, a former member of State Street’s board of directors and an industry veteran, to Chief Risk Officer responsible for advancing the strategy for our global risk organization.

Performing Against Our Goals
At the beginning of 2008, we had an objective in place to grow operating earnings per share by between 10 and 15 percent relative to 2007, grow operating revenue by between 14 and 17 percent relative to 2007, and achieve operating return on equity of between 14 and 17 percent. State Street exceeded these goals for the year and was profitable in each quarter.
On an operating basis, 2008 earnings per common share rose 23 percent to $5.61 from $4.57 in 2007, operating revenue rose 25 percent to $10.48 billion from $8.39 billion in 2007 and operating return on common shareholders’ equity rose to 19.3 percent in 2008 from 17.7 percent in 2007. The results mark our 31st consecutive year of growth in operating earnings per share and our fourth consecutive year of achieving positive operating leverage when measured on an annual basis.
Our core business performed very well in 2008. Servicing fee revenue rose 11 percent in 2008 to $3.75 billion, from $3.39 billion in 2007. We finished the year with a record $1.66 trillion in asset servicing business wins, 75 percent of which came from existing customers. Management fees declined by 10 percent in 2008, comparing favorably against the average 40 percent annual drop in domestic and global stock market indices. Our securities finance and trading businesses both benefited from the market disruption in 2008. Securities finance revenue rose 81 percent to $1.23 billion from $681 million in 2007. Trading services revenue, which includes foreign exchange trading revenue and brokerage and other fee revenue, increased 27 percent to $1.47 billion in 2008.
An important factor driving growth at State Street in 2008 was a dramatic flight to quality. Our reputation as a trusted, experienced partner and our long-standing relationships with customers reassured our pension fund and mutual fund customers, investment managers, and government funds grappling with the consequences of lower returns. We also benefited throughout the year when large asset managers with multiple custodians opted to consolidate their business with State Street.
Our acquisition of Investors Financial Services Corp. is already exceeding our expectations in terms of its contribution to our revenues and profits — earning $0.06 per share in 2008, as opposed to our original neutral projection. We’ve also retained more than 90 percent of the customer revenue. To strengthen our focus on our core businesses, in July we sold our stake in CitiStreet, a benefits servicing business and joint venture with Citigroup, Inc., achieving a pre-tax gain of $350 million.
Leveraging Global Scale
The interconnectivity of global markets became a stark reality in 2008, as daily volatility swept across time zones around the globe. With our operations in 27 countries, State Street was able to help its customers navigate the global markets with integrated solutions including sophisticated reporting and analytical tools.
During the year, significant wins and new product offerings crossed a broad spectrum of geographies and customer segments. In the United Kingdom, Sun Life of Canada chose State Street to provide a range of administration services, including global custody, fund accounting, regulatory reporting and performance measurement for more than $15 billion in assets. In Tokyo, SSgA’s SPDR® Gold Shares, a gold-based exchange- traded fund, began trading on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. In the United States, global asset manager Lazard Asset Management selected State Street to provide investment operations outsourcing services to support approximately $134 billion in assets. In Australia, Apostle Asset Management turned to State Street to provide a comprehensive outsourcing solution for more than AU$6 billion in assets. These are just some examples of our ability to continue to expand our reach and capture revenue from new and emerging markets.
Over the past five years, our non-US revenue has grown by a compound annual growth rate of 21 percent. For 2008, as a percentage of total revenue, it stood at 35 percent, which takes into account the impact of our acquisition of US-based Investors Financial that increased our US revenue.
As we have worked to build a truly global company, we have also built the diversity of our workforce. In 2006, we set out to increase by 50 percent the number of women, people of color and global citizens in our

executive ranks from a baseline of 147. I am proud to say that in 2008 we achieved that goal. However, our work in this area is far from over. We will continue to focus on building a diverse and global management team representative of the regions where we do business.
Industry Leadership and Talent
State Street’s systemic importance to the global financial infrastructure became an important focus during the market turmoil in 2008. In October, the US Treasury recognized our role in sustaining the health and stability of the financial services industry, selecting us as one of nine lead institutions to participate in its Capital Purchase Program (CPP) from which we received a $2 billion investment in exchange for preferred stock and a warrant to purchase our common stock. Following our commitment to participate in the CPP, I set a goal with our Asset and Liability Committee to immediately deploy $2 billion in additional credit and liquidity to our institutional investor customers. As of the end of January, we have approved more than $1.5 billion in additional credit and liquidity facilities, and given our strong pipeline of additional requests, we expect to reach the $2 billion goal soon.
We’ve also actively worked with governments across the globe to provide them with our expertise during this time. Today, we are administering and/or managing several programs for the US government, including the Federal Reserve’s Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Money Market Mutual Fund Liquidity Facility (AMLF) and Commercial Paper Funding Facility (CPFF) as well as Treasury’s Mortgage-Backed Securities Purchase Program (MBS).
Understanding that a strong management team is a key facet of industry leadership, we made several significant leadership appointments in addition to the chief risk officer role. Scott Powers joined the company in April as president and chief executive officer of State Street Global Advisors. David Puth joined in August in a newly created position as head of our investment research, securities finance and trading activities worldwide. Long-standing State Street veteran Jay Hooley was promoted in April to president and chief operating officer responsible for all our asset servicing activities worldwide. Each one of these individuals is instrumental in the strategic development and global growth of our company.
Supporting Our Communities
Whether in good times or challenging times, I am very proud that State Street employees around the world can be counted on to give their time and money to help others. In 2008, employees served food to the hungry, mentored children, built houses and put their skills to work on behalf of charitable partners by volunteering more than 52,000 hours making their own communities around the world a better place to live and work.
For the 18th consecutive year, we were the largest contributor to the United Way of Massachusetts Bay and Merrimack Valley, providing a donation in excess of $5 million. Our State Street Foundation made more than $18.9 million in grants to agencies and organizations around the world, including $550,000 to the American Red Cross International Relief Fund for assistance following the May cyclone in Myanmar and the earthquake days later in Sichuan, China.
Moving Forward
The five fundamental factors that helped to differentiate State Street in 2008 continue to position us well for the future. In the short-term, however, leading indicators point to more challenges ahead for our industry. While our long-term financial goals remain unchanged, we have revised our financial goals for 2009 primarily due to the reinvestment strategy to improve our pro forma TCE ratio, as well as lower expectations for the performance of equity markets. We now anticipate that our 2009 operating revenue will decline between 8 and 12 percent from record levels in 2008, our operating earnings per share will decline between 12 and 16 percent from record levels in 2008, and operating return on common equity will approach the lower end of the 14 to 17 percent long- term range.

In a year of unprecedented difficulty in the financial markets, I am proud of State Street’s 2008 performance, the many difficult decisions we made, and the continued tenacity and loyalty of our employees around the world. We have asked shareholders to make sacrifices and were willing to make our own.
State Street is positioned to remain solidly profitable in 2009, and we are focused on improving returns to shareholders and resuming, when the market disruption subsides, our long established track record of growth.
Thank you for investing in State Street.
Ronald E. Logue
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 