MOVING FORWARD
To Our Shareholders
As the world’s leading provider of services to institutional investors, we help our customers implement their global investment strategies. At a more fundamental level, our capabilities help spread the benefits of sound investment around the world, as demand grows for professional care and management of financial assets.
For decades, we have not lost sight of our mission and we continue to provide the stability, safety and sound- ness that you have come to expect from State Street.
Three themes guided our actions in 2004. First, we benefited from our expanded presence, having successfully transitioned the Global Securities Services (GSS) business acquired from Deutsche Bank in 2003. Mandates from our customers, both existing and new, generated 19 percent gains on an operating basis
in servicing and management fee revenue. Assets under custody grew to $9.5 trillion and assets under management to $1.4 trillion, record levels for both.
Second, we heightened our focus on institutional investors and sharpened our priorities. We looked closely at our business model and made tough decisions to eliminate or combine operations that did not match our long-term objectives.
Third, we confronted the realities of a slower growth environment by carefully allocating resources and implementing more rigorous expense management.
Our business remained strong in 2004. Operating revenue rose 14 percent and earnings per share increased 8 percent, marking our 27th consecutive year of operating EPS growth.
Around the world, we added more than 1,600 mandates during the year, including a groundbreaking multijurisdictional outsourcing contract from AXA Investment Managers, and expanded relationships with existing customers. We launched new investment products and broadened our foreign exchange and equity trading services globally. The ever-evolving reg- ulatory landscape increased demand from customers for reporting tools and services that help them improve transparency and controls.
State Street Global Advisors continues to lead across active, enhanced and passive investment management products and strategies. Sadly, the industry lost a first-class executive, and we lost a friend, when SSgA Chairman and CEO Timothy B. Harbert passed away unexpectedly in August. SSgA’s strong performance is a tribute to the team that Tim helped to build.
The task before us is to position State Street as the premier provider in all the markets we serve, while generating consistent earnings in a period of slower growth. Achieving this requires balance. We will continue to apply greater fiscal discipline and focus on expenses, while still maintaining our distinct entrepreneurial spirit.
I am committed to delivering high performance in
our business, opportunity for our employees, and active participation in our communities. We are working around the clock worldwide to ensure that success.
Thank you for investing in State Street. Sincerely,
Ronald E. Logue
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 