 FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
This year marks the 70th anniversary of Constellation Brands. Our extraordinary
fiscal 2015 performance is the ideal celebratory start to a year of proud reflections and continued growth momentum.
In fiscal 2015, our beer business further solidified its powerful position in the industry. It was the #1 contributor to growth in the U.S. beer category – outperforming the U.S. beer industry, key competitors and all other imports for the fifth consecutive year.
In our wine and spirits business, we achieved earnings growth and margin expansion against our key brands. Our spirits portfolio achieved better than expected results, as did our Canadian business, which exceeded its annual financial goals, while growing share across the majority of our strategic product categories.
Consequently, for the third successive year, Constellation Brands was one of the top performing stocks in the Standard & Poor’s (S&P) 500® Consumer Staples Index, growing more than 450% since the beginning of calendar year 2012 when we began executing the beer business acquisition.
What makes me especially proud of our continued success is that it’s grounded in our unwavering commitment to stay true to our family business roots and values. As we’ve grown the business, we’ve also expanded efforts to develop our people and enhance
our workplace, minimize our impact on the environment and give back to the communities where we live and work. To showcase our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) progress and achievements, we’ve established a standalone Constellation Brands CSR Annual Report. You can review our inaugural edition online at www.cbrands.com.
Today, as we celebrate a promise fulfilled to increase shareholder value, we also celebrate a legacy well honored. Our company founder, my father, Marvin Sands, would be proud. While much has changed in the 70 years since he started our company, our enduring success remains shaped by his passion, business savvy and generous community spirit. We are excited to build on this foundation as we envision and create the next decade of historical milestones for Constellation Brands.
Thank you for your tremendous support of our company and our vision to elevate life with every glass raised.
Richard Sands
Chairman of the Board
CONSTELLATION BRANDS / Summary Annual Report / 2015 1 PAGE
    Data noted on this page from: IRI Channels 2014, Canada All National Channels 2014
