CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
 FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS, It’s interesting how, in times of economic hardship, simple values – innovative, accountable leadership and disciplined financial practices – have become fashionable once again. As a company that started more than 60 years ago as a small, family-owned wine business, Constellation has these values ingrained
in its DNA. Quite literally, in fact, as it was our father, Marvin Sands, who taught Rob and me the wine business from the ground up – from the grapevines and bottling lines to the banks and the corporate boardroom. He taught us the importance of maintaining rigorous financial discipline in every aspect of our operations. But he also taught us that success in business is about far more than costs, sales and profit margins. It’s about values. It’s about people. It’s about creativity, about balancing risk and opportunity and always nurturing the entrepreneurial spirit.
Through the years, these small business philosophies were further reinforced as our legacy expanded to include the heritage of other family industry legends such as the Mondavis, the Hardys and the Nobilos. They, too, crafted their success with great passion for the art of winemaking, great discipline for managing the business and great care for the people and the community that made their life’s work possible.
So today, as we continue to lead through these tumultuous economic times, be reassured that Constellation is not experimenting with short-term fixes, reactive management techniques or recession-specific business strategies. We are, and always have been, focused on building sustainable growth by staying true to the successful heritage and foundation that those before us worked so hard to create.
The year 2009 marks the tenth anniversary of the passing of our founder, Marvin Sands. During this most challenging year of economic turmoil, it seems fitting that we remember the power, the legacy and the opportunity that his inspired leadership continues to bring to Constellation. As Marvin taught us, challenges come and go, but true greatness remains steady and enduring.
Sincerely,
Chairman of the Board
Richard Sands Chairman of the Board
 Richard Sands
1
