   RICHARD SANDS, CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
More than any previous year in Constellation’s history, Fiscal 2003 validated our multiple- category, brand-focused and consumer-driven operating strategy. We achieved strong sales that were leveraged into excellent financial results and the creation of shareholder value.
In this review, we discuss our strategy and how it helps us to keep growing. We also offer perspective on Constellation’s market strength and present highlights from each of our businesses that underscore the contributions of our people, products and performance to our success.
A PROVEN STRATEGY
Constellation achieved strong results this past year because of a proven business strategy.
More than a decade ago, we set a course to participate in all the major beverage alcohol categories – wine, beer and spirits. Today we have strong presence and scale in each, and are not dependent upon a single category for our success.
Understanding consumer trends is equally important. To stay close to our markets, we have empowered our businesses by maintaining individual
5 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

  FISCAL 2003 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
• Net sales increased five percent to reach $2.7 billion
• Operating profit margins increased 80 basis points*
• Net income grew 22 percent*
• Earnings per share increased 16 percent*
• Record free cash flow from operations of $164 million†
• The completion of five consecutive years of generating double-digit earnings
per share growth*
sales, marketing and production functions. Our talented employees are adept at recognizing and responding to consumer taste preferences. They know best what new brands, line extensions, sales techniques and marketing innovations are necessary to keep the business performing well. They also know how to pinpoint new growth opportunities. And because of Constellation’s sound financial position, we can act quickly to invest in our existing business or acquire new businesses to capture those opportunities.
The result is our broad and strong portfolio of over 200 wine, beer and spirits brands. No other beverage alcohol company has this breadth. Well-established brands are the foundation of our business, acquired brands invigorate our
portfolio, and newly developed brands keep the portfolio contemporary. In many cases our brands are #1, #2 or #3 in their categories, in others they may be the fastest growing participant. Together they enhance our competitive advantage.
Building on that business strategy, our operating strategy is focused on scale, breadth and growth. Scale improves our distribution and routes to market, breadth meets consumer preferences, and participating in a balance of high growth and steady growth businesses drives consistently superior performance.
AN IMPORTANT ACQUISITION
As the beverage alcohol industry consolidates, there are acquisition opportunities in all areas. But for Constellation, a prospective acquisition target must survive a disciplined evaluation process that ensures it is a good fit, maintains our portfolio balance, and increases shareholder value. Only a few make the grade – BRL Hardy clearly did.
We began our relationship in August 2001, when we established our joint venture – Pacific Wine Partners – to distribute Hardy’s Australian wines and a selection of California wines in the U.S.
* On a comparable basis (see note page 4)
† Net cash provided by operating activities of $236 million less capital expenditures of $72 million
CONSTELLATION 6

  The joint venture’s performance exceeded our expectations and was the catalyst for acquisition discussions. The evaluation was made easier because we knew and respected Hardy’s senior management. We shared similar ways of doing business, and by combining our mutual strengths we knew we could create the leading wine business in the world. Having now come together, the addition of Hardy’s fast growing business will accelerate Constellation’s overall sales and earnings growth prospects.
MARKET STRENGTH
There is no pure measure of a company’s market strength within the fragmented beverage alcohol industry. However, Constellation is unique
because of our leading position in each key category.
We have an enviable roster of businesses and each plays a strategic role in making Constellation greater than the sum of its parts.
Our dynamic wine business has brands ranging from the most popular to the highest in luxury. Its tremendous scale and leading positions in the world’s key growing wine markets has allowed us to generate steadily increasing profits.
Imported beer is one of the fastest growing beverage alcohol categories in the U.S. and our business is a pacesetter. We import a great mix of brands whose sales are growing at a significantly higher rate than those for domestic beers. And there is considerable room for them to keep growing. While imports have rapidly grown over the past ten years, they command just over an 11 percent share of the overall U.S. beer market.
Our spirits business is stable, generating significant profit and strong cash flow. While premium brands get most of the fanfare, the area we focus on – value to mid-premium spirits – commands a 50 percent share of the total U.S. spirits market and is strategically important to our distributors. As a low cost producer, Constellation leads this category. This allows us to be price competitive and innovative.
LEADING POSITIONS
#1 importer of beers in the western U.S. #1 producer of wines in Australia
#1 supplier of wines in the U.K.
#1 independent U.K. drinks wholesaler #2 wine producer in the U.S.
#2 wine producer in New Zealand #2 cider producer in the U.K.
#3 spirits producer in the U.S.
 7 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

  $3.0
Net Sales
($ billions)
Earnings Per Share*
    2.0
1.0
$2.00 1.50 1.00 .50
2.73
 2.61
 2.23
 2.16
 1.38
.92
1.29
1.49
      1999 2000 2001 2002 2003
1999 2000 2001 2002 2003
Our U.K. business represents a foothold for growth. With the unique position of being both a beverage alcohol producer and independent drinks wholesaler, we can capitalize on our industry knowledge and find new market opportunities. One of those key opportunities is the rapid growth of New World wine consumption in the U.K. Adding Hardy’s brands to our already leading portfolio is also a springboard for market expansion into other countries where New World wines are increasingly popular.
AS WE LOOK FORWARD
For nearly 60 years, Constellation has prided itself on the way it does business. We have established strong relationships with our distributors, retailers and suppliers; and we offer our consumers consistent, high-quality brands they know and trust. Our culture is also focused on maintaining the highest standards of integrity in all that we do.
We manage Constellation for ongoing success and set clear goals ref lecting our high potential. We target growing net sales from our existing businesses by an average of six percent or greater per year over the long term, and managing our Company effectively to generate earnings per share increases of 15 percent or greater from that growth. To complement those targets, we look for strategic and financially attractive acquisitions to further accelerate sales and earnings.
We have achieved that level of growth over more than ten years – something in which I know every Constellation employee takes pride. Our consistency is the key to delivering value to you, and I firmly believe it will continue. We move into Fiscal 2004 with our strategies unchanged, and we are executing them from a significantly stronger base than just a year ago.
I am excited about our prospects and believe the best part of Constellation’s history is yet to be written.
2.07
 1.79
  * On a comparable basis (see note page 4)
CONSTELLATION 8
