    P4
 Richard Sands
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
  Dear fellow shareholders:
Constellation’s stellar performance continued in fiscal 2005, and I am pleased to inform you that our results exceeded
the company’s previous achievements. On the pages that follow you’ll learn how we attained those excellent results and established new benchmarks of performance excellence for Constellation Brands, such as record annual sales, net income, earnings per share and other important metrics.
In fiscal 2005 we surpassed the $4 billion (USD) net sales mark for the first time in our company’s 60-year history, representing a year-over-year increase of 15 percent. Our annual net income increased 25 percent compared with the prior year, also setting a record. In addition, the last three quarters of fiscal 2005 each exceeded $1 billion (USD) in net sales, setting another record. While the numbers are always important, how we achieve, and exceed, our growth targets is what I believe differentiates Constellation Brands from its peers in the international beverage alcohol business.
True growth
We are achieving true growth on a daily basis, which we define as growth generating an economic profit on our investments above our cost of capital. Not all companies or products generate true growth, so I am particularly gratified to be able to talk about how well our company and brands performed in 2005 since we invested appropriately to support them.
I am also pleased with our results because we met the few challenges that we anticipated would materialize throughout the year, and we took advantage of opportunities within the highly
  
We are achieving true growth on a daily basis, which we define as growth generating an economic profit on our investments above our cost of capital.
P5
    Strategy gained momentum
Constellation Brands’ true growth strategy gained momentum throughout fiscal 2005, contributing to finan- cial performance results that yielded several records. While record net sales, net income and other milestones are gratifying and noteworthy, they could not be achieved with- out quality products and a commitment to true growth
on the part of our 8,000 dedicated employees worldwide, whose immeasurable contributions led to our success.
Additionally, our portfolio breadth and operational scale helped us to increase our business and smooth out any peaks and valleys that routinely occur during the course of any given year and business cycle. Having a balanced portfolio, distribution strength and focused employees allows us to operate efficiently and effectively in an increas- ingly more competitive and consolidated business world.
In concert with our breadth and scale, our culture and values help guide us along the path of true growth success. We continue to gain momentum as we journey forward in our ultimate quest to be the beverage alcohol provider of choice for consumers, distributors and retailers the world over. To that end, we made great strides in fiscal 2005
by leveraging our global purchasing power and migrating to a common business applications platform, in addition to integrating the three transactions we closed in December 2004, the acquisition of The Robert Mondavi Corporation, the joint venture to market Effen Vodka and create other premium spirits and our investment in Ruffino Italian fine wines. It was a banner year for Constellation Brands and its true growth strategy.
competitive and consolidating business environment we operate in daily. Constellation Brands people proved to be more than up for the responsibilities at hand, which speaks volumes about our entrepreneurial structure and corporate culture, as well as the character and mettle of
our global team. We triumphed and prospered to bring you the true growth performance you expect, and deserve, from Constellation Brands.
The right brands
We always look for opportunities to meet consumer needs which, in turn, strengthens our relationships with distributors and retailers and adds breadth and scale to our business.
It is a philosophy and business model that works. Real insights help us create the right products to attain real reach and achieve true growth. Having the right brands is one of the keys to success and, with more than 200 brands in our portfolio, we have unmatched breadth. Having the right brands for distributors, retailers and consumers requires that we employ our wealth
of real insight into trends, as well as our vision to create products that appeal to our customers and consumers for the long term. Maintaining the right portfolio means we add, enhance, modify and, occasionally, retire brands as appropriate to meet increasingly more diverse consumer tastes.
Our strategic portfolio development comes in the form of new product development, line exten- sions, acquisitions, partnerships and even differentiated packaging. Last year I spoke of the integration of Hardy Wine Company Limited into Constellation Brands, and how valuable that addition became to our offerings, particularly in the United Kingdom and the United States.
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005 we enhanced our offerings once again, this time with a trio of investments that added more of the right brands to our portfolio.
Robert Mondavi joins the Constellation family
The most notable of these transactions, and the one that created new world wine history, was the acquisition of The Robert Mondavi Corporation on December 22, 2004. An industry icon, Robert Mondavi is credited with being the patriarch of fine wine production in California’s Napa Valley, with the To Kalon vineyard being among the best terroir in the world. His wine legacy has given us some of the most popular and finest wines coming from California, and we
  
P6
 5.0 4.0
Return 3.0 Index
2.0 1.0
Stock Performance (Index)
STZ $ 26.76
STZ
DJIA S&P 500
    STZ $ 6.12
2/00
2/01 2/02
2/03 2/04 2/05
                   are delighted that he and his wife Margrit stayed with us as ambassadors for the magnificent Robert Mondavi Winery.
Our entrepreneurial structure and financial resources allow us to be nimble when an opportunity such as Robert Mondavi comes along. In the fall of 2004 we took quick and decisive action to ensure that the Robert Mondavi brands remained intact as a valued part of our portfolio. We are encouraged by the growth opportunities for Robert Mondavi brands, both in the United States and abroad, and will continue to build upon the rich heritage, tradition and quality represented by these superb wines.
The taste of Tuscany
In early December 2004 we became a 40 percent owner of Ruffino, the fine wine company producing excellent products from the Tuscany region of Italy. Dating back to 1877, and owned by the Folonari family since 1913, Ruffino exported 600,000 cases of wine to the United States in 2004. In addition to our 40 percent ownership, Constellation Brands became the importer of Ruffino brands to the United States on February 1, 2005. Incremental growth potential for Italian wine in the United States makes Ruffino a wonderful addition to our portfolio.
Smooth move brings Effen premium vodka aboard
Our premium spirits business saw Effen Vodka added to the portfolio through a joint venture with product innovator and marketer, jstar Brands, to form Planet 10 Spirits. This premium, flavored vodka comes from Holland, and the name “Effen” means “smooth” and “balanced” in Dutch. Its packaging, name, positioning and marketing created excitement in the initial test markets, and Effen is now rolling out nationwide. With the ever-increasing popu- larity of vodka in the United States, we are confident that Effen will be a resounding success.
New products and existing brands
Yet, acquisitions were only part of the story in 2005. We also added new products to our portfolio, relaunched others and created numerous line extensions. New wine brands that added more breadth to our offerings include Turner Road, Twin Fin, Lorikeet, Monkey Bay and
Kelly’s Revenge.
We also launched Ridgemont Reserve 1792 Kentucky small batch bourbon, which is aged for eight years. It was quickly dubbed the toasting bourbon for consumption at special occasions. 99 Oranges became the newest member of the “99” line of cordials, and Chi-Chi’s added Mango
 
P7
 #1 wine company in the world
#1 fine wine company in the world
#1 U.S. wine company by retail dollar value #1 wine producer in Australia
#1 independent U.K. wholesaler
#2 wine producer in New Zealand
  Margarita to its lineup of premixed cocktails. St. Pauli Girl imported German beer added a draft version, Tsingtao beer from China got new 12-packs and our Mexican imported beer portfolio strengthened its market share position in our highly competitive beer territory, while Corona Extra extended its lead over the second place beer imported to the United States.
All in all, we increased our existing portfolio 9 percent
in an environment where beverage alcohol only grew mar- ginally. Much of this growth was accomplished through disciplined and targeted investments in marketing that supported key brands.
Entrepreneurial structure and culture
As I mentioned early in this letter, the numbers will always be important, and the brands will always be important, yet it is our entrepreneurial structure and culture that empowers Constellation Brands people to make daily decisions in the best interest of building the business while profitably growing our brands and generating shareholder value. Our culture fosters strategic, competitive thinking by people throughout each operating company, and challenges everyone to create new and better ways to run the business.
The nurturing of entrepreneurial spirit, combined with the freedom to try new and different strategies and tactics,
continuously energizes the 8,000 dedicated Constellation Brands people who bring home stellar results such as those in fiscal 2005. Collectively, the Constellation Brands team constantly raises the corporate performance bar for themselves, which benefits our customers, our consumers, and you, our valued shareholders.
Strategic vision
Our goal remains to be the beverage alcohol provider
of choice for all occasions. That’s what we strive to achieve in a dynamic industry and competitive business environ- ment. Our commitment to, and focus on, having the right products, real insights and operational scale to deliver
true growth is unwavering. Our passion for maximizing revenue, minimizing costs and maintaining the high quality of our products is woven into Constellation Brands’ cultural fabric, and gives me a great sense of pride in our past accomplishments, as well as those we will achieve in fiscal 2006 and beyond.
Richard Sands
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
   