  Expanded production capacity in Mexico
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
WELEVATING ABOVE & BEYOND...
hat better way to mark the historic milestone of our company’s 70th anniversary than with a year of extraordinary performance and continued growth momentum! Fiscal 2016 was all that and more as we celebrated the company’s enduring success – and toasted a future that’s shaping up to be even more
promising than our notable past.
In fiscal 2016, we welcomed two new superstars to the family: Meiomi, the fastest-growing, major luxury wine brand in the U.S.,1 and Ballast Point, one of the most awarded, major craft brewers in the industry.2
In addition to our exciting new acquisitions, we also invested in the long-term growth of our existing beer, wine and spirits businesses. We continued to dramatically expand our brewery production capacity in Mexico.
We also nurtured our highly successful New Zealand wine business, planting 1,200 acres of new sauvignon blanc vineyards in Marlborough and continuing our progress to double production capacity at our main Marlborough winery.
1IRI Channels 2015
2Company estimates of largest 2015 craft brew competitions
For the fourth consecutive calendar year, Constellation Brands was one of the top performing stocks in the Standard & Poor’s S&P 500® Index. This made fiscal 2016 an especially good year to initiate a common stock cash dividend, which we did – and proudly paid it to our loyal shareholders each quarter.
As I reflect on the many reasons we had to celebrate in fiscal 2016, without a doubt, our #1 reason is our people – who demonstrate an unending capacity and commitment to reflect and honor our family business values both
at work and in the communities where we live and operate. To learn about the many ways our people and our company have made a positive difference throughout
 
CONSTELLATION BRANDS / Summary Annual Report / 2016 Increased sauvignon blanc vineyards in Marlborough
fiscal 2016, please review our latest Corporate Social Responsibility Annual Report online at www.constellationcsr.com.
While we’ve come a long way in 70 years, our stellar performance in fiscal 2016 reminds us that we’re just getting started, and I believe – without question – the best is yet to come.
Thank you for your remarkable support of our business and our brands. We are thrilled to have delivered another rewarding year of unprecedented value to our shareholders – and look forward to continuing the trend in the year ahead.
Richard Sands
Chairman of the Board
       WE CARE TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE...
NOURISHING NEIGHBORS
Nearly 750 employees volunteered in their local communities, collected more than 100,000 pounds of food and raised over $70,000 for Blessings in a Backpack, a global organization fighting childhood hunger.
   NORTHERN CALIFORNIA WILDFIRE RELIEF
Our employees teamed up with the company to donate $100,000 to support relief efforts in one of our major wine producing regions.
 CORONA CARES
Corona Cares initiatives raised a record $1 million for The V Foundation for Cancer Research.
 EMPLOYEE MATCH PROGRAM
Global employee participation in our Employee Match Program increased by 17%, resulting in total donations of nearly $500,000 to the causes most important to our employees.
 1
