Development + Growth
For 63 years, Constellation Brands management has cultivated the growth and development of the company, which has evolved into one of the leading producers and marketers of beverage alcohol products in the world today. With a powerful and unsurpassed portfolio of more than 250 brands across the wine, spirits and imported beer categories, nearly 60 production sites around the world, sales in approximately 150 countries and core markets in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, Constellation Brands is well positioned to take advantage of future business growth opportunities.
The company’s focus remains on providing quality and value to a world of diverse consumers and to retail and distributor customers. Reinvesting in Constellation for growth and in the communities where the company has a significant presence is also important, as is maximizing the employment of sustainable business practices and being guided by the organization’s vision and values, which have been woven into its cultural fabric for more than six decades. By cultivating the business in such a manner, Constellation Brands management believes it will be able to generate results to meet its future performance goals, create long-term value and remain a contributing member of communities where it operates.
Constellation Brands Overview
 1

Past +
  Richard Sands Rob Sands
Chairman President and CEO
2

In assessing Constellation’s fiscal 2008, terms such as dynamic, exciting and progressive are fitting to describe our global beverage alcohol business activities for the year. Consumers in Constellation’s core markets continued to trade up to more premium brands, and demand for our products increased as we moved ever closer to a premium-focused portfolio, especially for wine.
Present + Future
Fiscal 2008: A year of achievement and milestones Throughout the year, we implemented carefully considered actions to strengthen our operations, portfolio mix, structure and global team. Constantly improving the way we conduct our business and our go-to-market approach is particularly important for us to remain a supplier of choice as our customers – distributors, wholesalers and retailers – continue to consolidate around the world in competitive environments, and for consumers who enjoy our products.
While economic uncertainty made headlines in many countries during fiscal 2008, our business remained solid. Continuous consumer trade-up to premium beverage alcohol brands validated our beliefs that Constellation’s products are affordable luxuries that provide good value. We also see evidence that consumers may shift venues where they consume beverage alcohol, but they generally do not reduce their consumption during challenging economic times.
In fact, since prohibition ended in the U.S. 75 years ago, there may never be a better time to be in the beverage alcohol business. I believe Constellation Brands is well positioned to take advantage of demand in the key markets we serve going forward, always with an eye toward effectively cultivating our business around the world and better positioning it for ongoing growth and value creation.
We are already the world’s leading premium wine company. We are a leader in the U.K., Canadian and Australian wine markets; we’re number two in New Zealand; and we’re the top premium wine purveyor in the U.S., where approximately
85 percent of our portfolio is comprised of premium quality and better brands on a dollar value basis. Through our Crown Imports joint venture with Grupo Modelo, we are the leading beer importer in the U.S., and we also have one of the leading spirits companies in North America.
During fiscal 2008, we repositioned and enhanced our portfolio with a greater emphasis on higher-growth, higher-margin, premium wines and spirits, including acquisitions Rob will discuss in his section. We also shed lower-margin value wines and thereby further skewed our U.S. lineup toward higher-margin, premium-and-above products.
In addition to cultivating our day-to-day business, there was a strategic management change that took place last year when, after 14 years as chief executive officer, I announced that I would be handing off the CEO baton. With 28 years in the business, it was the right time for me to give someone else the opportunity to run Constellation Brands, and the change made sense from succession planning and timing standpoints. The company’s board of directors unanimously determined that Rob would be the best choice to succeed me as CEO. In his 20-year career with Constellation, he has been the company’s general counsel and chief operating officer. While in these key positions, he has played a vital role in consummating and implementing acquisitions, and he has demonstrated vision, focus and leadership during Constellation’s rapid growth in recent years. As CEO, Rob provides continuity for Constellation to achieve its strategic objectives.
As a dynamic organization, we also know that we must endeavor to continuously cultivate diverse points of view, knowledge and experience throughout Constellation Brands. This philosophy will help guide the company along its future business path and, in late fiscal 2008, it resulted in the addition of two new board members. Mark Zupan, dean at the University of Rochester’s William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration, joined Constellation’s board in fall of 2007, and Peter Perez, executive vice president and chief human resources officer at ConAgra Foods, Inc., joined in early 2008. We welcome Mark and Peter.
Because of these changes, I am more confident than ever in the guidance provided by the Constellation Brands board and the capabilities of our unmatched executive management team to further grow the business and create long-term value. With that in mind, I will now turn the remainder of this shareholder letter over to Rob for his overview of fiscal 2008 performance and notable activities.
Sincerely,
Richard Sands Chairman
Chairman’s Letter
  3
