2
Chief Executive Officer’s letter
Growing, naturally.
If I could sum up fiscal 2010 in four key messages,
they would be: focused strategy; tightened and aligned international business leadership; targeted and disciplined actions; and significant accomplishments.
With a new vision, mission and set of strategic imperatives in place, Constellation set out with steadfast determination in fiscal 2010 to execute against our organic growth strategy. Our aim now is to cultivate
the considerable strengths and opportunities that lie within our powerful portfolio, our operations, our team of talented people and the growing wine category as a whole. The wine category has historically grown above consumer product categories and this continues to be the case, even in a bad economy. Our fiscal 2010 actions were taken to better leverage our position in this natural growth category.
Strong roots
Continuing the work started in fiscal 2009, we escalated our efforts to reduce debt and generate free cash flow – ending the year ahead of our expectations in both areas. Actions such as the sale of our value spirits business
and the divestiture of our Gaymer Cider Company business, coupled with our strong free cash flow,
helped us reduce debt by nearly $600 million while advancing our efforts to premiumize the portfolio.
Our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase
of up to $300 million of Constellation’s stock which
we have implemented as an accelerated stock
buyback transaction.
We also made considerable headway in our efforts to improve operations and organizational effectiveness throughout the company. Our global cost reduction program, supply chain initiatives and tightened controls on SG&A spending significantly improved our cost structure. Select portfolio rationalization efforts
and consolidation of our global footprint served to enhance productivity and create greater efficiencies and alignment across our operations. This was particularly evident in the U.K. and Australia where we began
to realign our businesses there to be consistent with
the realities of those markets. By working to merge operations and combine infrastructure, we plan to better align strategy, increase efficiencies and significantly reduce SG&A costs. We are increasing our focus on cash generation and are striving to lower working capital and minimize capital expenditures. Additionally, we are consolidating winemaking operations and selling assets to optimize asset utilization.
To strengthen and unify our core business capabilities in key areas such as supply chain, global procurement, customer service, and information management and analysis, we launched an intensive company-wide technology enhancement effort designed to create the infrastructure necessary to identify and seize
business opportunities faster and more effectively than ever before.
Fertile soil
Although the stormy economic climate continued
to provide challenging growing conditions for our business, the wine category remains healthy and ripe for expansion. While the on-premise channel is tempering the overall growth rate, the grocery, mass merchant and club channels are growing at faster rates. Additionally, the newest generation of “millennial” wine drinkers represents an exciting and underdeveloped market of high-growth potential that we are only just beginning to cultivate.
Even during the economic downturn, the premium category, where wine sells for greater than $5 a bottle at retail, is growing at mid- to high-single-digit rates in the U.S. Eleven of our brands in the U.S., and a total
of 21 internationally, sold more than one million cases in calendar year 2009. Seven of our wine brands were in the “Top 50” U.S. wine brands sold in calendar year 2009 and 16 were in the “Top 100.” SVEDKA Vodka exceeded three million cases, increased sales by an astounding 40% versus last year and is currently the fastest-growing major U.S. spirits brand. Black Velvet sold more than two million cases. Crown Imports maintained the leading market share position in the imported beer category in the U.S. with six of the “Top 25” import brands – Corona remains #1 and Modelo Especial is close behind at #3, achieving exceptional double-digit market growth in calendar year 2009.
This was a particularly challenging year for the U.S. beer industry, in general, with volumes for our Crown Imports joint venture impacted by the economy, particularly in the convenience and on-premise market channels. To address this challenge, Crown realigned the sales team and implemented new and creative marketing and advertising campaigns to help drive market share gains for the imported beer portfolio.
Seeds of change
From a strategic perspective, we integrated our U.S. sales and marketing structure into a single organization. This resulted in synergy benefits and improved collaboration with our trade partners. In concert
with this effort, we also launched our U.S. distributor consolidation effort. Five select distributors now have the exclusive rights to sell Constellation’s portfolio of wine and spirits in their respective markets in 22 states – currently representing approximately 60% of our total U.S. wine and spirits volume.
In fiscal 2010, Constellation also took significant steps forward to make it easier for consumers to recognize and select our brands whether in a restaurant, online or at the store. We stepped up our priority brand building efforts with investments in promotions, advertising, strategic sponsorships, new packaging, online marketing and targeted line extensions of our high-margin brands. Vincor Canada played a starring role in the 2010 Winter Olympic Games as its “Official

 Wine Supplier”– achieving unprecedented global exposure for our Canadian wine brands such as Inniskillin, Jackson-Triggs and Sumac Ridge. In March, SVEDKA Vodka launched its first national television advertising campaign. Blackstone Sonoma Reserve, Nobilo and Monkey Bay all introduced new labels and packaging to better represent their premium status.
And all of our companies extended their brand portfolios with several new premium product introductions.
Bountiful fruits
With one of the most powerful portfolios
in the industry, Constellation’s brands and wineries gained impressive national and international recognition in fiscal 2010.
To name just a few achievements ... nearly 100 of our current release wines have been awarded 90 points or above by leading wine industry publications. Nine of our beer, wine and spirits brands were awarded 2009 “Hot Brand Awards.” Five of our brands achieved 2010 “Growth Brand Awards” from the Beverage Information Group and five of our brands were featured on the 2010 “Power 100 List.”
The next few pages provide additional fiscal 2010 highlights showcasing the measurable progress we have made to position Constellation for profitable, sustainable organic growth. We are enthusiastic and optimistic about our future prospects and remain committed to growing from within. By continuing to leverage the unmatched strengths of our people, our portfolio and our operations, we will create value for our shareholders while we elevate life for our loyal and growing base of core consumers.
Sincerely,
Rob Sands
President and
Chief Executive Officer
  Our Mission
To nurture and build the most powerful portfolio of premium wine brands in our industry complemented with other select beverage alcohol products.
Rob Sands President and Chief Executive Officer
3
3
