 FISCAL 2017 HIGHLIGHTS
$1.7B Record Operating Cash Flow
$7.3B Record Net Sales
24% Record Comparable Basis EPS Growth (1)
Our strategy is the framework for our success, but it takes much more than just a sound plan to consistently deliver exceptional results year after year. It takes a great team, “spot on” consumer insights, top-to-bottom innovation, high-margin brands, the resources and expertise to leverage TBA scope and scale, and a culture that makes it fun and rewarding to make a difference
– at work and in our communities. At Constellation, we’re proud and privileged to have all of this and more. We have
a great story to tell, and you can read
all about it in our new company profile available at www.cbrands.com. This is
a digital version of the printed Summary Annual Report that we have provided to shareholders in the past.
Thank you for your unwavering support of our company and our brands. Our business has never been stronger, and the prospects across our beer, wine
and spirits portfolio are robust and compelling. It’s a great time to be a part of Constellation Brands, and we’re glad you’ve joined us on our journey to elevate life with every glass raised.
KNOW YOUR CONSUMERS.
BE BOLD & INNOVATIVE.
LIVE YOUR VALUES.
EXECUTE FLAWLESSLY. SUSTAIN PROFITABLE GROWTH. BUILD SHAREHOLDER VALUE.
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
The good thing about a winning strategy
is that it never gets old. We are pleased
to share that fiscal 2017 was yet another year of record-breaking performance and unsurpassed Total Beverage Alcohol (TBA) leadership – thanks to a fierce commitment to stay true to what works. And what
works at Constellation Brands is a dynamic, yet disciplined, approach to sustaining profitable growth and building shareholder value.
In fiscal 2017, we achieved impressive double-digit growth in sales and
operating cash flow. Constellation was the #1 provider of retail dollar sales growth in TBA, propelled by our beer, wine and spirits brands that are top industry performers.(2) Our powerhouse portfolio was responsible for over 25% of TBA growth in the U.S. market last year.(2) This top-line growth was matched by equally impressive profitability driven by commercial and operational excellence realized across our businesses. This best-in-class combination enabled us to achieve double-digit growth in our stock price in fiscal 2017. Most importantly we, once again, achieved outstanding total shareholder returns for you, our valued investors – marking a half- decade of truly extraordinary results. In fact, if you’ve had stock in Constellation since 2012, your investments have grown by more than 700%.(3)
 REPEAT.
  Sincerely,
Richard Sands
Chairman of the Board
Rob Sands
President & CEO
  (1) EPS growth on a reported basis is up 45% over fiscal 2016. The comparable basis EPS growth amount contained in this letter is a non-GAAP financial measure. See the reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure in a table following the Form 10-K incorporated in this Annual Report.
(2) IRI and NABCA Channels, 2016
(3)Yahoo Finance; price appreciation based on closing price as of 4/23/2012 to 4/20/2017, not assuming reinvestment of dividends
