                 A More Focused Wholesale Company
Fiscal 2017 was a year of transition at SUPERVALU. It was a year that included both meaningful customer wins in our Wholesale business and challenges in Retail. It also saw the sale of Save-A-Lot, which helped simplify the Company, improve our balance sheet, and will allow us to better focus our resources on growing SUPERVALU.
In Wholesale, we began to transform the culture to one focused on selling,
with an emphasis on both increasing sales to existing customers and adding
new customers. We still have opportunities to expand our relationships
with current customers and increase sales to those customers, particularly
in produce. Our private label program continues to be a key differentiator,
particularly our Wild Harvest® and Culinary Circle® brands. We’re also leveraging better technology capabilities, such as our new customer relationship management and business intelligence tools, to understand customer and potential customer information, which can then be turned into targeted selling opportunities.
Our focus on meeting the specific needs of each customer led to noteworthy Wholesale customer wins this past year. I believe these customers chose SUPERVALU due to a combination of our efficient distribution network, our multi-tiered private brand portfolio, and the array of services we offer to support their businesses. I am encouraged by the on-going discussions we are having with potential customers and our efforts to differentiate SUPERVALU.
In Retail, increased competition and new store openings continue to impact our banner markets and stores, as does the ongoing impact of deflation. We continue to prudently invest capital in select remodels and in-store merchandising initiatives, in addition to adding stores to our Cub and Hornbacher’s banners. Home delivery is now available in all five banners, and we expect to add a store pick-up option later this year.
We recognize the rapidly evolving options available to customers and intend to make targeted strategic investments to maintain our relevance in the ever changing retail landscape.
In early December 2016, we completed the sale of Save-A-Lot, concluding a process that was initially announced in July 2015. We will continue our relationship with Save-A-Lot through a five-year professional services agreement. Part of the sale proceeds were used to reduce our outstanding debt as well as fund contributions to our corporate pension plan. As a result, we began fiscal 2018 with a stronger balance sheet and greater financial flexibility.
Lastly, we announced in April 2017 that SUPERVALU agreed to acquire Unified Grocers, a West Coast wholesale grocery and specialty distributor. This transaction aligns well with our strategy to grow our Wholesale business, and the cultures of the two companies fit well together. We are excited for this opportunity and look forward to closing the transaction later this year.
As I enter my second year leading SUPERVALU, I am proud of the team for laying the groundwork for our transition over the last year. I remain optimistic about our future and the many opportunities we have to grow our business. As a stockholder, I want to thank you for your continued support. We are working diligently to grow sales and profits in a sustainable manner and with your best interests in mind.
Mark Gross
President and Chief Executive Officer
