         Dear SUPERVALU Shareholders,
 Jeff Noddle
Chairman &
Chief Executive Officer
This past year has been incredibly challenging for our economy. Consumers are facing more pressure today than at any time in recent memory – falling home values, limited access to credit, steep declines in the financial markets, and more recently, rising unemployment – all of which are prompting unprecedented government action to stimulate the economy. There will be a rebound, but it is difficult to predict when that will occur.
Financial Highlights
In fiscal 2009, SUPERVALU’s net sales increased $516 million, or 1.2 percent, to
$44.6 billion for the year. Excluding the 53rd week, net sales were down slightly. Adjusted net earnings for the 53-week year were $2.89 per diluted share, excluding impairment and other non-operating charges, compared to $2.97 per diluted share last year.
This past year, we continued to invest in the business as well as strengthen our balance sheet. Our approximately $1.2 billion in capital spending in fiscal 2009 brings total capital spending since the Albertsons acquisition to more than $3.0 billion. Additionally, our $350 million in debt reduction means we have paid off more than $1.0 billion in borrowings since the acquisition.
Key Business Initiatives and Milestones
We remain committed to taking the necessary steps to position SUPERVALU for improved operational and financial performance. In that regard, let me address fiscal 2010, the year we will complete our center-led merchandising and marketing organization, which is foundational to achieving sustainable long-term growth in sales and earnings.
Today, these organizations are in place and we have transitioned ACME to this new model. We are in the process of transitioning additional banners, proceeding at a pace that allows us to make any necessary adjustments along the way. We believe the conversion will be complete by the end of fiscal 2010 and is a critical element in our efforts to create an organization that is both nationally focused and locally relevant. Going forward, our merchants in Minneapolis will ensure we are leveraging our size and scale for the core products offered in our stores, while banner merchants will be responsible for items that address regional taste and brand preferences.
We are also making great strides in marketing. We have accumulated a wealth of customer data that we are just beginning to analyze to better meet our customers’ needs and desires. Our in-house marketing, research and analytics groups are partnering with a third party, with vast experience in consumer data analytics, to better understand customer buying patterns and behaviors. The insights provided will help us improve how we communicate with our best customers, promote our stores, and decide upon product assortment and placement as well as develop more effective marketing tools and customer incentives to drive top- and bottom-line performance.
Using these skills, we launched our first enterprise-wide advertising campaign. Entitled “Good Things are Just Around the Corner” this theme ties together key concepts that resonate with today’s consumer – we are their neighborhood grocery store with the products they need and want, and we are ready to be their partners in creating meals that are convenient, healthful and right for their families. We are pleased with the excitement this campaign has generated with customers and our associates alike.
We are also making significant progress in providing more innovative offerings. During fiscal 2009 we launched two mega-brands – WILD HARVEST and CULINARY CIRCLE – both achieving results well above
 1

our expectations. Our Own Brand labels continue to gain traction, reaching nearly 18 percent of net sales in fiscal 2009. Since our penetration levels lag our closest competitors, we know that we have a big opportunity to grow Our Own Brands and have incorporated this into our plans.
We are also focused on making the shopping experience easier for consumers. This past January we launched NUTRITION IQ, a unique program developed to help customers make better informed, better-for-you food choices right at the shelf. NUTRITION IQ is one of several initiatives underway designed to make our stores the best place to shop.
We know the store environment is key to customer satisfaction. In fiscal 2009, we completed 161 major remodeling projects, 17 minor remodels and opened 14 new stores during fiscal 2009. This gave many of our stores a fresh face incorporating many of our new merchandising initiatives. As a result of remodeling activities and a continuing focus on store operations, I am pleased to report that in fiscal 2009 our customer satisfaction scores again showed improvement over the prior year.
We also run the preeminent, full-service grocery supply chain business in the United States. Our broad network of distribution centers, industry-leading technology, full suite of service offerings, and our proprietary pricing structure set us apart from our peers. Our Supply Chain business serves as a key partner and supplier to more than 2,000 independent grocery stores and food outlets.
Our supply chain business continues to use innovative technologies to improve efficiencies. Late in fiscal 2009, we completed the second installation of our T2 automation technology in our Lancaster, Penn., distribution facility which will be fully operational by the end of fiscal 2010. Our use of T2 further distinguishes SUPERVALU as the premier wholesale grocery supplier in the United States.
Fiscal 2010 Outlook:
Effective merchandising and marketing are two of the most critical elements that will drive our company’s performance. Our progress over the last year and the initiatives currently underway are major steps in the transformation of SUPERVALU to a new center-led grocery retail business model this year and well beyond.
Fiscal 2010 will be a year of investment for us, especially as it relates to creating value for customers. We have developed a plan that appropriately balances the exciting initiatives happening at SUPERVALU with the reality of the current economy. Today, people are thinking and acting differently, and their loyalty is often driven by how they perceive value from our stores. SUPERVALU’s business model places the customer at the center of our decision making. Our stores are focused on carrying the products that best meet their needs and lifestyles with pricing in line with their expectations. We will focus on making our stores the most pleasant and inviting option available. And we will continue to invest in our business to ensure that SUPERVALU is positioned for long-term, sustainable improvement in both sales and earnings.
In closing, I’d like to thank you for your ongoing support and would like to acknowledge the hard work and dedication of the entire SUPERVALU team. Fiscal 2010 will be an exciting year as we work diligently to ensure that “good things are just around the corner”.
Jeff Noddle
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
   2
