158TH MANAGEMENT LETTER TO SHAREOWNERS
TO OUR SHAREOWNERS 2000 was a solid year financially as the toils of several years of cost rationalization, attention to customer needs and building the senior management team began to pay off. As a result, there was a 7% total shareowner return (4% price appreciation plus 3% dividend yield) while peer companies suffered an average 14% negative return.
> Sales were $2.75 billion, essentially unchanged from last year. Despite economic slowing in the U.S. and Europe, new wins were sufficient to offset the carryover effect of market share losses incurred in the first half of 1999.
> Earnings of $2.22 per diluted share were 8% above last year, 11% on an operating basis.
> Gross margin of 36.3%, up 100 basis points over 1999, was the highest in our company’s history as
productivity gains more than offset continuing significant price pressure.
> Operating margin expanded 100 basis points to 12.4% from last year’s 11.4% as the record gross margins were complemented by sequential declines in selling, general and administrative expenses.
> The generation of $236 million of operating cash flow was 122% of net income. This enabled us to repurchase 4.3 million shares – 5% of outstanding – while increasing the dividend payment by 4.5% to a rate of $.92 per diluted share.
> Return on capital employed increased to 18% reflecting increased earnings, low capital reinvestment requirements and progress in managing working capital. The repositioning of our business base is bearing fruit.
1

Throughout 2000, interest rate pressures continued, European currencies weakened considerably, and customers drew down inventories, particularly in the fourth quarter. In that economic environment achieving flat sales was a challenge given the carryover effect of the 1999 market share losses. New product intro- ductions, innovative merchandising and improved service levels enabled that result.
By acting early on the weakening economic environment, earnings grew each quarter and met Wall Street consensus estimates. Productivity programs were accelerated and resulted in delivering our $80 million objective without any volume leverage. Some analysts were concerned that the transition costs incurred through mid-1999 would not be removed. That issue now has been laid to rest.
Consistent performance despite adverse economic conditions is an attribute to which we aspire. Progress was made in 2000 as our operating leverage has been greatly enhanced and will serve us well when market conditions return to normal.
GROWTH New products are the lifeblood of a manufacturing enterprise. Over 100 new products were introduced again in 2000 (more than 300 over the last three years) indicating our company now has a replicable product development rhythm.
New products introduced in the past three years rose from 16% of sales last year to 20% in 2000 and
are expected to exceed 22% this year. For the second year in a row, the U.S. Industrial Designer’s Society and Business Week recognized Stanley tools for design innovation, with awards for our composite hacksaw, IntelliTools® DigiScanTM sensing device and combination mitre box with saw. The sustained product flow resulted in Stanley being named as Innovator of the Year in the hand tools category by the National
Home Center News.
The 25-foot FatMax® tape rule sold 250,000 units in the latter half of 1999 and one million units in 2000. Its popularity was particularly high at The Home Depot and Lowe’s. This volume showed that the market will
  OUR VISION AND STRATEGY ARE UNCHANGED:
WE REMAIN COMMITTED TO BECOMING A GREAT BRAND AND INTEND TO BUILD UPON THE ACTIONS TAKEN OVER THE LAST SEVERAL YEARS.
 2

accept a higher price point product that delivers real value – in this case an unequaled 13 feet of extension without bending. This value proposition was extended into a family of seven tools. Two million units of the FatMax® family were sold, and we expect to sell six million units this year. The Fat Max tape rule, saw and level were the #1 selling SKUs in their categories at Lowe’s in the fourth quarter.
Our ZAG® subsidiary introduced the plastic Rolling Workshop® late in 1999 and sold over 550,000 units in the U.S. Its successor, the Metal Rolling Workshop® introduced late in 2000, sold over 100,000 units.
We are clearly winning market share with our large retail customers. Yet, with the successes enumerated above, sales did not grow. Why? First, while sales grew strongly at major U.S. retailers, our share declined at smaller retail outlets, i.e., traditional hardware stores and lumberyards. Second, with almost 30% of our sales outside the U.S., the strong dollar hurt both revenues and earnings. Finally, our MAC business paused in its growth pattern as we consciously reduced the number of factory-owned trucks while a business reposi- tioning is being undertaken.
POSITIONING We are blessed with a family of powerful brands – Bostitch,® Mac®, Proto®, Vidmar,® ZAG® among others – that have been built over decades and, of course, Stanley® over a century and a half. Many .com companies believed that brands could be established overnight simply by spending at unprecedented levels. Obviously, that has proven to be erroneous. In the process, billions of dollars in capital evaporated. Brand building moves from awareness to preference to attachment, the latter stage only achieved by a very few. For most companies these steps take decades even in the Internet age.
The relative power of the Stanley brand is truly remarkable. As an example, independent market studies re- vealed that end-users ranked Stanley high among suppliers in the $1.2 billion U.S. residential lockset market, citing our high quality and product security...in fact, there has never been a lockset in our product offering! Specifications were developed for a recently introduced line of innovative locksets for the new construction and replacement markets and included lifetime mechanical and finish warranties. The result: two customers (Menard’s and Orgill) signed up for the entire lockset program. Very early results are encouraging.
Our industry-leading licensing program helps achieve ubiquity for the Stanley® brand. With a portfolio in excess of 30 product families, 12 already in the market, nearly 20 million units were sold in 2000; and our expectation is to sell 30 million units this year. Illustrative of the success of this program are two recent licenses: Wolverine World Wide, Inc. has delivered Stanley® work boots to all Payless Shoe Stores, and Murray, Inc. has begun delivering ride-on and walk-behind Stanley® lawnmowers for sale in all Wal*Mart stores this spring.
 3

Brands matter even more in difficult economic times. History has shown that consumers move back to
the tried and true as their wallets tighten, and retailers follow suit. Perhaps the best example of that is our recently-announced partnership with Wal*Mart, the world’s largest retailer. Recognizing our product innova- tion, outstanding fill rates recently, and the strong consumer preference for the Stanley® brand, Wal*Mart named us hand tools category captain. There will be over 100 Stanley® items in all their stores including replacement of their private label mechanics tools.
Growing with the majors is necessary – but not sufficient – to increase sales in the retail channel. The folklore is that hardware stores are being put out of business by the large home centers. That is not true as the number of hardware stores in the U.S. has been virtually unchanged over the last five years. Therefore, to achieve overall growth we must restore our market share with traditional outlets and penetrate the industrial channels frequented by professional tradesmen – building contractors, electricians, plumbers and HVAC installers. Today our distribution is a mile wide and a foot deep as evidenced by the following:
> Of 23,500 traditional outlets in the U.S., our hardware penetration is only 12%. Marketing initiatives include new unirack displays, in-field Stanley® conversion vans and our Preview Dealer Club which now has over 4,300 members.
> Bostitch® fastening products are offered at only 15% of the 35,000 construction supply outlets in
the U.S. Our Stanley® Stanley Works Attack Teams (“SWAT”) demonstrate new products, conduct product- knowledge sessions, perform maintenance service and sell these tools. In the first six months, these teams merchandised over 1,000 outlets, replaced over 5,000 competitors’ tools, met over 70,000 end users and recorded sales of $15 million.
New products are flowing, and fill rates are slowly improving. That success can only manifest itself if there is a place to buy them, hence our initiative to expand the number of outlets. The overall target in 2001 is to add 15,000 outlets. Many of these programs and initiatives are detailed in the pages that follow this letter.
So the first growth detractor was insufficient distribution. The second was the strong dollar which affected revenue by about 2%. If the Euro remains at its current $.93 per dollar rate, that loss will reverse itself in the second half of this year. Longer term, however, there does appear to be structural dollar strength unless existing social barriers and laws are at least relaxed.
Finally, our Mac Direct venture has proven to be difficult. In 2000 better financial disciplines were implement- ed, but sales inevitably suffered as the number of trucks declined. This business is an underperformer today but continues to hold significant promise as evidenced by double-digit increases in comparable truck sales.
4

However, the business model must change so we have brought in a new leader who had an outstanding trackrecordatFritoLay.® Hehasrecruitedbasicallyawholenewteamoverthelastsixmonths,hasrecently instituted a new compensation plan and tightened credit.
COMPETITIVENESS Attheheartofcompetitivenessistherequirementtosensechangesintheglobal economy. It became apparent during the third quarter that the U.S. economy was beginning to slow based upon retail sales data. Early action was taken to reduce production and associated overhead costs and put a governor on SG&A spending. The result was earnings growth despite a sales decline.
Moreover, we positioned ourselves structurally for continuing productivity. First, five more facility closures were completed, and operations employment was reduced by over 1,400 positions. Next, the portion of our material cost from low-cost countries increased from 18% to 25%. Carryover and new programs will move that to 35% this year as the center of gravity continues to shift.
Our Stanley Production System conducted another 600 events, following 500 events last year. In two years, nearly 2,000 processes have been affected, and 650 events are scheduled for 2001. Finally, minimum order sizes were instituted, reducing small-dollar transactions that were uneconomic.
Increasing market share at major retailers will require continued innovation and, more importantly, sustained fill rates. The reduction of 85,000 SKUs and the elimination of small dollar orders make this possible. Achieve- ment of excellent fill rates must shift from brute force and excess inventory to process disciplines that result in an integrated production-sales-inventory system. The latter process was started in 2000 but requires
much work and several more skilled practitioners.
Perhaps the best story of the year was the controls established on SG&A spending. Allocating resources is
a critical leadership function that starts with SG&A. Spending here showed sequential declines as information system increases were arrested and new contracts negotiated, MAC was brought under control, and distribu- tion rationalization was felt.
The results of these measures are showing clearly: in the highest gross margins in our history (since 1964 when gross margins were first reported) and the reversal of the upward trend of selling, general and administrative expenses.
In summary, our investment thesis remains intact: a strong brand position, low market shares in absolute terms (though far higher than competitors in several product lines), low capital requirements and high operat- ing leverage should enable sustained low- to mid-teens earnings growth.
5

Some encouraging successes were realized this year – the FatMax® family, the Stanley® Metal Rolling Workshop,® the layout tool line, the alliance with Wal*Mart, the lockset launch and penetration of the con- struction supply channel to cite a few. They were the result of the proper combination of innovation, competi- tive cost and brand leverage – otherwise stated, the elements of growth, competitiveness and positioning.
Over the next several years we are embarking upon the implementation of operating systems to change
the DNA of our company. The recently completed changes of senior leadership and several executives below them allow that to happen. Experience teaches that the same people + same process = the same answer. The processes are improving albeit slowly as more and more talented players are joining us. In the last year, one-half of the senior leadership team has been changed. Some have industry knowledge; others have skills that particular businesses require. The MAC example cited previously is illustrative. All leaders there have demonstrated sustained results over their careers. Already these leaders are attracting people who worked for them previously, and implementing processes that have served them well.
With a reasonable economic environment – a soft landing in the U.S., marginal recovery of the Euro, ceasing of inventory corrections by our customers and declining interest rates – the foundation that has been laid over the last several years will spawn growth and enable achievement of our financial goals. Stanley is still a Works in Progress. Rest assured that we are working very hard at it, and believe there has been progress. But hard work is not enough. We are fond of saying “results count, everything else is conversation.” We achieved some results this year in a difficult environment. The best is yet to come.
                                                                John M. Trani March 2001
 6
