                                          STANLEY: AT A GLANCE
(Millions of Dollars, except per share amounts)
Closing market price per share
Total return (share price change plus dividends)
Financial Highlights
Net sales Operating income
Percent of sales
Net earnings from continuing operations Net earnings
Per share
Return on capital employed
Dividends per share
2003 2002 Change $ 37.05 $ 34.63 7%
11% (24)%
$ 2,678 $ 2,384 12% $ 255 $ 264 (3)% 9.5% 11.1% (160)bp $ 97 $ 170 (43)% $ 108 $ 185 (42)% $ 1.27 $ 2.10 (40)%
7.3% 12.8% (550)bp $ 1.03 $ .99 4%
161ST MANAGEMENT LETTER TO SHAREOWNERS The 161st year in our Company’s history was one whose two halves were dramatically different as to both marketplace and financial performances. Responding to a first half of 2003 that was clearly a continuation and worsening of a multi-year economic recession, we took swift actions – terminating our Mac Direct business initiative, announcing a series of cost reductions including a corporate reorganization, effecting selective price increases and reducing outstanding shares by approximately 9%.
These actions, combined with the successful integration of Best Access Systems (acquired late in 2002) and the beginnings of a long-awaited eco- nomic recovery, enabled us to restore some luster to our second half per- formance. Second-half revenues gained strength, earnings climbed, cash flows surged to new heights, cash dividends were increased for the 36th consecutive year and the Company exited 2003 with the greatest levels of momentum and earnings power in recent memory. The process of shifting our business portfolio into market segments with above average prof- itability was advanced with a number of strategic steps completed and several more announced.
Wall Street reacted negatively to early 2003 operational setbacks, as shares declined nearly 40% to a low of $21, but recognized the improved second half results and exciting outlook for the future. Stanley Works’ shares rose 80% above the April 2003 low point to close the year at $37.05, up 7% for the total year.
     The Stanley Works, an S&P 500 company, is a worldwide supplier of tools, hardware and security solutions for professional, industrial and consumer use.
HAND TOOLS Carpenters’ hand tools, electronic and masonry tools. Stanley® / FatMax® / MaxGripTM / DynaGrip® / Powerlock® / IntelliToolsTM / CST® / Berger® / David White®
MECHANICS TOOLS Mechanics and industrial hand tools, tool sets and toolboxes. Stanley® / Proto® / Husky® / Vidmar® / Stanley® Professional GradeTM / ZAG® / Jensen® / Contact East®
FASTENING SYSTEMS Pneumatic fastening tools and fasteners. Bostitch® / Atro®
MAC TOOLS Mechanics and industrial hand tools, air tools, toolboxes, electronic diagnostic tools. Mac®
ASSEMBLY TOOLS DC electric and pneumatic preci- sion assembly tools and systems for the vehicle assem- bly market. Stanley® / CoboticsTM
HYDRAULIC TOOLS Handheld tools; mounted break- ers, shears and crushers. Stanley® / LaBounty®
SECURITY SOLUTIONS Power-operated doors, locking systems, sensors, related commercial hardware; instal- lation, configuration, specification, repair and mainte- nance services. Stanley® / Magic-Door® / Best® / CJ RushTM / Blick®
CONSUMER HARDWARE Residential entry door hard- ware; consumer, residential, architectural and industrial hardware. Stanley®
HOME DÉCOR Bi-fold and sliding closet doors, mir- rored doors and decorative mirrors.
Stanley-AcmetrackTM / MonarchTM / Acme®
DOOR SYSTEMS Residentialentrydoors;heldforsale.* Stanley®
* On March 2, 2004 the sale of this business to Masonite Corporation was completed.
ON THE COVER Stanley Security Solutions advanced its presence into the U.K. with the early 2004 acquisition of Blick plc. Blick provides security systems integration for customers such as Cardiff University in Wales.
1

                                               SUMMARY OF 2003 RESULTS Sales from continuing operations – in other words, excluding the sales of our residential entry doors business whose sale to Masonite Corporation was completed in March 2004 – were $2.7 billion, up 12% over last year. The full-year inclusion of Best Access added 10%, while retail and industrial share gains and the aforementioned second-half strength pro- vided some modest growth. First-half sales from continu- ing operations increased only 10% including the benefit of Best Access, but second-half sales on the same basis soared, increasing 14%.
Earnings from continuing operations of $2.10 per diluted share (aside from nonrecurring charges and credits) were down 2%. The first half of the year showed earn- ings per share decreases (36% in the first quarter and 30% in the second quarter) that accompanied continua- tion of our own late-2002 operational issues, the indus- trial recession and (U.S.) retail inventory contraction. But second-half earnings were up 34% as we successfully tackled operating issues, the industrial recession abated and the U.S. retail inventory contraction ended in response to accelerated end-user spending.
Operating cash flow (from continuing operations) in- creased 63% to $464 million or $5.48 per share, far sur-
passing the record set in 2002, when operating cash flows increased 29%.
Dividends increased 4% to $1.03 per share and the divi- dend rate was increased by 2% to $1.04 per share. This marked our 127th consecutive year of paying a cash divi- dend and the 36th consecutive year it has been raised.
Free cash flow (after capital expenditures and dividend payments) surged to $339 million, increasing 131% over a record 2002 in which it increased 116%.
Debt-to-capitalization increased to 45% versus 42% a year ago, despite additional borrowings of $213 million for the repurchase of 9% of outstanding shares. The strong cash flow performance enabled us to fund a number of acquisitions in higher-than-average-growth markets near year-end, while reducing outstanding shares to eliminate our equity hedge position and con- tinuing to maintain “A” credit ratings. We count our Company’s financial strength and ongoing cash generat- ing abilities among its most formidable competitive growth advantages.
As we enter 2004, profitability and cash generation rates are strong, considerable market share has been gained
IN 2003, STANLEY WAS NAMED VENDOR OF THE YEAR AND RECEIVED AWARDS IN THE HAND TOOLS CATEGORY AND
FOR NEW PRODUCT MERCHANDISING
with key retail customers, the cost structure has been greatly reduced and the portfolio of businesses has been advanced considerably toward favored markets. Our vision is unchanged...we desire to become a Great Brand, winning on both Main Street and Wall Street.
EXPANSION PHASE BEGINS The period 1997-2001 was the rationalization phase of our journey. It was com- prised of facility closures, streamlining of the organiza- tional structure, reduction of stock keeping units (SKUs) and decapitalization of the asset base. The Stanley brand was enhanced through renewed emphasis on product development and consistency of our image in the mar- ketplace. A much leaner organization resulted; it has recently taken itself to new levels of performance due to its cash-generating abilities.
In 2003, for the first time since 1994, sales increased by a double-digit percentage. Two contributing factors were the successful integration of Best Access Systems and a second half in which recent share gains, marketing initiatives and stellar performance by our 14,000 associ- ates capitalized upon improvements in the economy and the marketplace. We have been positioning our Company for growth and we are seeing the results. Our Company has entered its expansion phase, evident in two growth
platforms: Tools and Security Solutions. The first, Tools, made key advances in 2003 to accelerate growth.
PLATFORM FOR GROWTH: TOOLS The vigor and pre- dictability of new product innovation continued, as 2003 was the sixth consecutive year with over 100 new prod- ucts introduced. We were awarded our seventh United States patent for the Stanley® FatMax® tape rule, the industry’s top selling tape rule. The Home Channel News recognized our innovation with three prestigious Golden Hammer Awards: The Gold Product Category Award for Hand Tools, The Communications Award for New Product Merchandising and The Vendor of the Year Award. This marks the 5th consecutive year Stanley has been honored with Golden Hammer Awards.
The Tools marketing team kept pace with the new prod- uct introductions; the business considerably advanced its ability to drive sales at retail through innovative and practical presentations of products. Stanley has won eight awards this year related to the Preview Dealer Program: the Golden Hammer Communication Award, four American Graphic Design awards and all the awards – Gold, Silver and Bronze – given at the P.O.P. Design of the Times competition in the category of home center and hardware store temporary displays.
 23

                                         These measures, executed by a fully engaged team, suc- cessfully led the tools business down the path to growth acceleration. The results: that business grew 14% in the second half of 2003.
Late in the year, the acquisition of CST/Berger was an- nounced. It was completed in January 2004, adding pre- cision electronic measuring and leveling products to Stanley Tools’ existing world-leading offering of tape rules and levels. The business is now positioned to offer a full array of measuring and leveling products to profes- sionals, including surveyors and builders. Expansion of our European product offering to include these Stanley® branded instruments will be a key to growth in 2004 and beyond.
PLATFORM FOR GROWTH: SECURITY SOLUTIONS
Our second growth platform is Security Solutions. With its patented StanVisionTM technology that utilizes video versus motion detection to open and close doors, and a direct national service force, Stanley Access Technolo- gies has enjoyed double-digit organic growth for three consecutive years, with high return on capital. We set out to build upon this growth business, both organically through customer expansion and channel development, as well as through acquisitions.
Our Security Solutions business, too, had a number of key advances in 2003 that position it to accelerate growth going forward: Best Access Systems, the $250 million provider of comprehensive solutions in the $6 billion North American electronic and manual security markets that we acquired late in 2002, was integrated seamlessly in 2003. Like Access Technologies, Best Access Systems has the only direct national sales and service network among its competitors.
The integration of these two businesses, and several other smaller entities, was well executed by our team; the combined businesses now surpass $500 million in annual sales and are achieving higher-than-average sales growth, operating margins near 20% and returns on capital employed above established company targets, in addition to contributing over $50 million of free cash flow in 2003.
Late in 2003, the acquisitions of Blick plc and Frisco Bay Industries, Ltd. were announced; these acquisitions were completed in January and March 2004, respectively. These are strategic moves that provide Stanley Security Solutions with scale (together approximately $200 million of revenues) and a global presence – Blick’s operations are headquartered in England and Frisco Bay’s in Canada.
These companies are integrators of security solutions with leading shares in their local markets; their specifica- tion capabilities offer opportunities for other Stanley/ Best products such as hardware, and their products have an opportunity for growth through Best Access’ and Stanley Access’ installed bases. Of greatest importance, Stanley Security Solutions is becoming uniquely posi- tioned to offer customers integrated security solutions, via direct sales and service forces, on a global basis.
Clearly Stanley Security Solutions is positioned for strong organic growth. It offers technological solutions and service in a growing and inherently profitable market – security – in a direct manner, on a worldwide basis. Stanley Access Technologies, which contributed only 6% of Company sales in 2002, grew into Stanley Security Solutions and produced 17% of 2003 sales from continu- ing operations. We anticipate that it will contribute near- ly 25% of Company revenues in 2004.
Finally, the disposition of our residential entry doors busi- ness to Masonite Corporation for $162 million cash was
announced in the fourth quarter; that business is present- ed in the financial statements as “held for sale”, and was completed in March 2004. While this is a profitable busi- ness with excellent returns, it does not fit into our long- term strategy of participating more extensively in favored markets. Its disposition enables us to fund the aforemen- tioned growth-oriented acquisitions and, accordingly, was consistent with our strategic objectives. We thank the Stanley Entry Doors team for their hard work and commitment over the years.
ACCELERATING GROWTH In the near-term, organic growth in these platforms will depend on their ability to integrate these recent acquisitions in 2004 as successful- ly as Best Access was integrated in 2003. Primary among our company’s goals as it enters 2004 are the continua- tion of organic growth and the successful integration of the CST/Berger, Blick and Frisco Bay business operations into their respective Stanley growth platforms.
Core or organic growth in our markets emanates from new products, effectively marketing them and, through a
 OUR PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT PROCESS AND ORGANIZATION HAVE GENERATED OVER 600 NEW PRODUCTS OVER THE LAST SIX YEARS. IN 2003, MORE THAN 100 PRODUCTS WERE INTRODUCED. SALES OF NEW PRODUCTS INTRODUCED IN THE PAST THREE YEARS ROSE FROM 10% IN 1996 TO 30% IN 2002 AND 2003.
  MAC® JESSE JAMES® SIGNATURE SERIES PROFESSIONAL TOOL BOX
BOSTITCH® RN46 COIL STANLEY® STUD SENSOR/TORPEDO ROOFING NAILER LEVEL MULTIPACK
STANLEY® SCREWDRIVER SET MULTIPACK
STANLEY® ORGANIZATION SOLUTIONS HAND TOOL RACK
ZAG® GARAGE STORAGE CABINET

                                          THE MID-2003 INTRODUCTION OF STANLEY PROFESSIONAL GRADE MECHANICS TOOL SETS FOR THE MASS MERCHANT CHANNEL ENABLED STANLEY TO GAIN A PORTION OF THE ATTRACTIVE TOOL SET MARKET. THE NATIONWIDE PROGRAM WAS LAUNCHED AT WAL*MART STORES AND SUPPORTED BY PRINT AND TV ADVERTISING. DO-IT-BEST AND MENARDS ALSO CARRY THE LINE.
combination of these strategies, offering our cus- tomers a value proposition that results in profitable share gains for them and for us. Recent initiatives have been highly successful.
Over the last six years, our product development process and organization have generated over 600 new products, and 2003 was right in line with more than 100 products introduced. The vitality index (sales of new products introduced in the past three years) rose from 10% in 1996 to 30% in 2002 and 2003. Efficiencies in our new product development process enabled us to expand our emphasis to include new segments and industrial markets.
Two notable examples of new segment pursuit were mechanics tools lines introduced in the latter half of 2003. First, the BlackhawkTM By Proto® line offered a key companion brand to Stanley® Proto® for industrial distributors who wish to present a dual-brand offer- ing for their customers. Customers including Grainger, MSC Industrial Supply Company and Hagemeyer ac- complished dual branding objectives via these two brands in 2003. Second, Stanley® Professional GradeTM mechanics tool sets were introduced. These tools are forged from high quality steel and feature a profes-
sional grade, full-polish finish. The line was designed for the enthusiastic mechanic or home improvement do-it-yourselfer and includes over 250 unique items and six comprehensive mechanics tool sets. The sets were first introduced at Wal*Mart stores and their introduction was supported by in-store merchandis- ing, print ads in Sports Illustrated, USA Today, Parade and Car & Driver magazines and 60-second infomer- cials on The Learning Channel, Speed Channel, ESPN and ABC. The subsequent addition of the line at Do- It-Best and Menards ensured the program’s success across a wide breadth of retailers.
A third key 2003 category expansion opportunity pre- sented itself in the garage. We introduced Stanley® Organization Solutions, a complete line of organizers for tools and sports equipment – everything from gar- den tools to bicycles and hand tools to golf equip- ment. Enabling the consumer to get organized and reclaim the fastest growing storage area of the home – the garage – the program was tested at 400 Home Depot Stores in the Northeast and met with great success. Together with our innovative ZAG® Garage Storage Products, prospects for further retail expan- sion of solutions for storage in the garage in 2004 are encouraging.
The BlackhawkTM By Proto® brand of mechanics tools was launched to complement the Proto® brand.
The result has been market share gain with many industrial distribution customers.
 7

                                            SERVING BUILDING PROFESSIONALS EXCLUSIVELY THROUGHOUT FRANCE, SAINT-GOBAIN’S
LA PLATEFORME DU BATIMENT STORES TEAMED WITH STANLEY TO CARRY A WIDE ARRAY OF BRANDED TOOLS, INCLUDING STANLEY® FATMAXTM HAND TOOLS, BOSTITCH® FASTENING PRODUCTS AND FASTENERS AND CST/BERGER ELECTRONIC INSTRUMENTS.
  The winning value proposition – innovative new prod- ucts at cost-competitive prices, supported by creative advertising and promotional materials, and delivered with superb fill rates – is attractive to retailers every- where. Late in 2002, an agreement with the Saint- Gobain Company opened the door for our Tools business to bring Stanley® FatMaxTM, Bostitch® and, in 2004, CST/Berger product into the offering at that company’s La Plateforme du Batiment stores which serve building professionals throughout France.
DRIVING GROWTH Nowhere in Stanley has the transformation to sustainable growth been more evi- dent than in Mac Tools. In April 2003, our unsuccessful Mac Direct initiative was terminated in favor of an exclusive commitment to the traditional independent distributor base. Sales initially declined as we had fewer total drivers. But second half distributor perform- ance surged, new distributors were added at a solid pace and profitability returned. Mac Tools, now consid- ered a vital part of our Tools growth platform, generat- ed a loss in the first half of 2003, but then delivered modest profitability in the second half. We expect Mac Tools to contribute significantly to Stanley’s profitability in 2004.
Growth also occurred in our Assembly Technologies business, whose livelihood depends on the global indus- trial market, primarily in motor vehicle assembly. Key 2003 business wins with Ford Motor Company, Peugeot, Audi, and PACCAR Inc. were the result of innovative new QPM and QPS torque tools, the addition of Cobotics material handling equipment and the results of multi- year cost productivity initiatives. The dual value propo- sition of innovative new products and lower total cost of ownership, supported by first-rate marketing and superb customer service, enabled this business to grow over 20% in 2003. It too represents an exciting element of our growth plans going forward.
Finally, our Security Solutions businesses achieved con- siderable national account penetration in 2003. Access Technologies recorded key wins as Wal*Mart, Home Depot, CVS Pharmacy and a host of other national and regional retailers were attracted to our direct service model and new technology. The ability to serve national accounts with branded, innovative products and superb customer service fueled growth. And with the acquisi- tion of Blick and Frisco Bay, we are better able to re- spond to customers’ needs for worldwide service and solutions.
 8

                                            THE SCORECARD
 OUTLOOK From 1997 through 2003, our Company did much to prepare itself for growth. It became more competitive. Delivered a steady stream of innovative new products. Moved to a new level of cash generation. Reinvested cash wisely. Undertook and completed large-scale cost re- structuring. And shifted our portfolio of businesses to take advantage of favored markets. Our Company is well positioned for profitable growth, financial strength and flexibility.
The Stanley® brand, a skillfully repositioned business portfolio, a strong array of customers serving many markets, financial strength and 14,000 engaged associates are the foundation upon which we will go forward and grow. There is tremendous momentum as we enter 2004, and we plan to capitalize upon it. We look forward to a successful 2004 and some very exciting times here at Stanley. The future looks very bright.
OPERATING MARGIN
RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYEDA
            On January 1,1997, John M. Trani was elected Chairman and CEO of The Stanley Works. During his tenure, John successfully guided the rationalization phase of our journey to cost leadership.
The organization and brand were both strengthened and the Company rose to a new level of cash generating ability.
John not only saw the importance of Security Solutions as a strategic growth platform for our Company, but he worked very hard to develop stronger commercial relationships with our key customers. In 2003, the Company’s transformation to a growth culture began to show.
Stanley is a stronger company today as a result of John’s leadership.
On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, I congratulate John on his achievements, thank him and wish him the very best in
his retirement.
John D. Opie March 2004
9.1% 1999
13.0% 12.9% 2000 2001
EPS
11.1% 9.5% 2002 2003
14.0% 17.0% 1999 2000
12.4% 12.8% 7.3% 2001 2002 2003
     WORKING CAPITAL TURNSB
           $1.67 1999
$2.22 $1.81 2000 2001
$2.10 $1.27 2002 2003
4.5x 3.3x 1999 2000
3.2x 3.5x 4.0x 2001 2002 2003
    OPERATING CASH FLOW
FREE CASH FLOWC
     John F. Lundgren Chairman & CEO
James M. Loree Executive Vice President, Finance & CFO
         10
$222 $236 1999 2000
$222 $285 $464 2001 2002 2003
$119 $172 1999 2000
$149 $233 $425 2001 2002 2003
A ROCE IS COMPUTED AS NET EARNINGS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS PLUS AFTER-TAX INTEREST EXPENSE, DIVIDED BY THE 13-POINT AVERAGEOFDEBTANDEQUITY. B2002WORKINGCAPITALTURNSARECOMPUTEDUSINGANNUALIZEDSALESOFBESTACCESSSYSTEMS AQUIRED LATE IN 2002. C FREE CASH FLOW = OPERATING CASH FLOW – CAPITAL EXPENDITURES – CAPITALIZED SOFTWARE.
