  160TH MANAGEMENT LETTER TO SHAREOWNERS
IN 2002, WE BEGAN THE PROCESS OF SHIFTING OUR BUSINESS PORTFOLIO INTO MARKET SEGMENTS WITH ABOVE AVERAGE GROWTH AND PROFITABILITY.
TO OUR SHAREOWNERS The 160th year in our company’s history was one that brought about mixed financial results and marketplace progress. Financially, earnings momentum slowed while cash generation reached a new height. Operationally, we began the process of shifting our business portfolio into market segments with above average profitability.
Despite a second successive year of economic recession, earnings were sustained, cash flows improved, and the cash dividend increased for the 35th consecutive year. It is this financial strength and ongoing cash generation that will enable us ultimately to enhance shareowner returns.
Like the markets for our industrial products, the market for our stock price was extreme- ly weak and was amplified by our own operational setbacks in the second half of the year. After three years of progress, these difficulties caused us to miss our quarterly estimates twice. Our share price declined 26%, in line with the S&P 500 index 23% drop.
>Sales were $2.6 billion, down 1% from last year. Continued recession in industrial markets and general economic slowing in the U.S. more than offset retail share gains.
>Earnings of $2.10 per diluted share increased 16% primarily because restructuring costs incurred in 2001 did not recur. It was a tale of two halves. The first half of the year showed earnings per share increases (4% in the first quarter and 24% in the
1

 second quarter). Unfortunately, the latter half suffered from our own operational issues, continuing industrial recession as evidenced by anemic manufacturing capac- ity utilization, and (U.S.) retail inventory contraction as consumer spending slowed.
> Operating cash flow increased 29% to $285 million or $3.23 per share. This represents a new record, and we believe a new plateau for our company.
> Dividends increased 5% to $.99 per share, our 126th consecutive year of cash divi- dends; and the dividend rate was increased by 6% to $1.02 per share.
>Free cash flow (after capital expenditures and dividend payments) soared to $147 million, up 116%. This enabled us to fund a number of acquisitions in higher-than- average-growth markets while maintaining an A credit rating.
> Debt-to-capitalization increased to 42% versus 37% a year ago, reflecting additional borrowings toward year-end for the Best Access Systems acquisition. Moreover, our primary U.S. pension plan moved from a defined benefit to a defined contribution basis, thereby avoiding the significant negative balance sheet and income statement charges being experienced by many companies, including several of our peers.
Clearly, 2002 was a disappointment overall. Nevertheless, the underlying foundation of our company is profoundly better than five years ago. As we enter 2003, profitability and cash generation are strong; considerable market share has been gained with key retail customers; and the cost structure has been greatly reduced. Our vision first articulated in 1997 is unchanged...we desire to become a Great Brand, winning on Main Street and Wall Street.
POSITIONING Thefive-yearperiod1997-2001mightbecharacterizedastheration- alization phase of our journey. It was comprised of facility closures, streamlining of the organization structure, reduction of stock keeping units (SKUs) and decapitalization of the asset base. Most importantly, the Stanley brand was enhanced through renewed emphasis on product development and consistency of our image in the marketplace. The result is a much leaner and simpler organization now able to take itself to the next level of performance due to its cash generating assets.
2

  OUR VISION AND STRATEGY ARE UNCHANGED:
WE ARE COMMITTED TO BECOMING A GREAT BRAND, WINNING ON MAIN STREET AND WALL STREET.
Hechingers, Builder’s Square, HomeBase, Home Quarters, Payless Cashways, Ames, Pergament, Ernst and Scotty’s have left the marketplace, and K-Mart has filed for Chapter 11 protection. That has taken 3,100 outlets and over $60 million of sales away from us. The result is a marketplace barbell, with the survivors being the large home center and mass merchants on the one hand and traditional hardware stores on the other (their demise has been greatly exaggerated).
Several retailers have attempted to favor their assortment with private label or house brands. This program has had mixed success. While we consider this effort a serious threat, the fact is that no retailer in more than 50 years has been able to introduce enough innovation and, more importantly, have the ubiquity that accrues to national brands in hard goods.
Nonetheless, the inevitable economic outcome is that the power of the remaining retail- ers has been enhanced. Their demands have been ratcheted higher, and the conse- quences of not meeting them have become ever more severe. Through the mid-90’s, U.S. retail fragmentation allowed some price increase. That is no longer the case, and indeed price decreases are the norm today and for the foreseeable future.
It is against this backdrop that we evaluated our strategic position during last summer as our company moves from rationalization to expansion. The objective was first to depict the organic growth elements needed to respond to the consolidated U.S. retail environment. The second was to establish characteristics of markets and market seg- ments that would receive funding from the considerable cash generation expected to be available for reinvestment, even assuming continuing dividend increases.
3

 The results might be categorized as follows:
> Growth would come from three elements: core, technology and services. Core would
consist of new product development, outlet expansion and national accounts. Technology would be utilized to change the foundation of product design to make “copy cat” knockoffs more difficult through securing patents and vigorously defending them. An example is the wide blade on our FatMax® tape rule, which is a key attrib- ute that allows it to be extended 11 feet. Another is our Pallet Plus nail that maximizes shear and pull-through performance, resulting in greater pallet end board impact resistance and diagonal rigidity. Services would enhance our product positions in commercial and industrial markets and, indeed, pull-through products to our customers.
> Platforms would be established along one of two dimensions: growth and cash or cash only. The latter will feed the former (which will also generate cash) through service expansion and acquisitions to broaden the reach of the growth platform.
Today, our company has two growth platforms: the Tools Group and Access Solutions. In 2002, we created the Tools Group by combining our hand tools, mechanics tools, hardware and consumer storage businesses, advanced the Preview Dealer and other elements of outlet expansion to traditional channels, and implemented category management at key national accounts. The businesses in this group have high relative market share, strong product development and low capital needs and, therefore, attrac- tive returns on capital employed. The group is global in nature, yet has a few compo- nents, e.g. hardware, that have no global presence.
The second platform is Access Solutions. In 2000, it became apparent that a significant opportunity existed in Access Technologies. Stanley created the automatic door in 1935 and has enjoyed the leading market position in the U.S. The business struggled in 1996- 97, but has righted itself since then. A new team with service business backgrounds was recruited with the mandate to develop a national service presence as a key dif- ferentiator. That is well on its way to being accomplished as distributors have been acquired and the service network expanded. The second piece of the puzzle involved technology where our new sensing technology began to change the game.
4

Featured later in this report at the Jacksonville, Florida airport, this new technology utilizes video versus motion detection to open and close doors. Video is important in risk management and loss prevention at retail stores and overall security at all commercial sites since integrated recording and lockdown are now feasible. As a result, the business has enjoyed double-digit organic growth over the last two years with high return on capital.
Clearly, this is a business to build upon both organically through customer expansion and channel development as well as through acquisitions. Several small acquisitions were made, followed by the largest in our history and the most significant in 17 years, Best Access Systems, a $250 million provider of comprehensive solutions in the $6 bil- lion North American electronic and manual security markets. Like Access Technologies, Best Access Systems has the only direct national sales and service network among its competitors.
The combination of these two businesses along with our commercial hardware should deliver about 15% of our sales this year at solid operating margins and return on capital. Moreover, Best Access expands our scope from the $1 billion automatic door market to the $7 billion overall security market, growing at a mid single-digit rate.
Growth in these platforms will depend both on their own successes and on the ability of the remaining core businesses to sustain profitability and cash generation. A number of these businesses are currently struggling with depressed industrial markets, but they are all inherently profitable. Several of these core businesses are candidates to be the bases of additional growth platforms yet to be formed, and all of them are vital cash contributors.
GROWTH Core or organic growth in our markets emanates from new products, outlet expansion and national accounts. The response of retailers – large and small – to our initiatives has been outstanding.
Over the last five years, our product development process and organization have gener- ated over 500 new products, and 2002 was right in line with more than 100 products
5

   THE STANLEY WORKS WAS NAMED INNOVATOR OF THE YEAR BY HOME CHANNEL NEWS FOR THE THIRD CONSECUTIVE YEAR, IN RECOGNITION OF OUR COMMITMENT TO INNOVATION.
introduced. The vitality index (sales of new products introduced in the past three years) rose from 24% last year to 31% in 2002. The Industrial Designers Society of America and BusinessWeek recognized our design innovation with an IDEA award (our 7th in the last four years) for the MaxStickTM Straight Edge. The sustained product flow result- ed in being named Innovator of the Year again by Home Channel News for the third consecutive year.
For 2003 the vitality index should remain in the 30% range, above the 25% goal estab- lished in 1997. In order to assure that new products are not being cannibalized before being absorbed by the market, our emphasis will shift to a search for new segments to enter as well as industrial markets.
Outlet expansion – expanding the number of traditional stores where Stanley products can be found as well as improving national account penetration – remains the key to ubiquity and a substantial growth enabler. Over 6,500 outlets were added across all business segments. On the traditional front, our Preview Dealer program continued its enormous success as membership soared from 7,500 (33% share of the U.S. hardware store population) in 2001 to over 9,000 (46% share) in 2002. Moreover, Preview Dealer has become global with approximately 1,350 outlets: 600 in Australia/New Zealand, 450 in Canada, 250 in the United Kingdom, and 50 on the Iberian Peninsula. Other initiatives added 3,500 outlets in the construction supply, automotive and hardware store channels frequented by professional tradesmen.
In the national account arena, a strategic alliance was formed with Wal*Mart in early 2001 whereby Stanley was named category captain for hand tools and mechanics tools.
6

  STANLEY’S PREVIEW DEALER PROGRAM CONTINUED ITS ENORMOUS SUCCESS AS MEMBERSHIP SOARED FROM 7,500 IN 2001 TO OVER 9,000 IN 2002.
The rollout of 140 items resulted in double-digit sales growth since then and is expect- ed to do so again this year. Perhaps most telling is that comparable store sales contin- ue to show a dramatic swing, growing at a double-digit rate across the chain. As a result, numerous opportunities are being presented to expand our offering.
Early in 2002 The Home Depot named Stanley its primary national supplier of branded hand tools, sole supplier of Husky® branded mechanics tools, primary national supplier of pneumatic fastening and sole national supplier of builders hardware. The rollout of the hardware modular was completed last summer and delivered very strong growth. The continued rollout of the hand tools and pneumatic program as well as enhanced merchandising should deliver another strong gain in 2003.
The excitement about our new offerings is also evident elsewhere. The Contractor Desk plan-o-gram enabled Lowe’s to offer some FatMax® products in a unique way. Lowe’s also had outstanding success with our new Bostitch® pancake compressor combo-kit.
As retail systems become more sophisticated, our ability to grow mutually depends less and less on line reviews and more and more on understanding how consumers respond to product placement and merchandising. The customer alliances referred to above are manifestations of our development of category management, i.e. the analysis and under- standing of why specific products are added to a customer’s listing. Thankfully, we are reaching higher levels of category management status with more and more customers who are responding very favorably to the compelling analyses being put before them.
However, national account penetration extends well beyond the consumer arena. For example, Access Technologies recorded a series of wins in the commercial segment,
7

    ACCESS TECHNOLOGIES RECORDED COMMERCIAL WINS WITH THE HOME DEPOT, WAL*MART AND CVS DUE TO STANLEY’S DIRECT SERVICE MODEL AND NEW TECHNOLOGY.
especially retail, as Home Depot, Wal*Mart, CVS and a host of other national and regional retailers were attracted to our direct service model and new technology. Also, our Vidmar industrial storage business worked closely with Anheuser Busch in southern California to execute a productivity-based project that added significantly to our pres- ence in that facility. This led to the sale of 12 power drawer systems, multiple stack systems and mobile tool cabinets as well as various workbenches. Similar projects are currently being pursued at other Anheuser Busch facilities.
Started in 1998, our industry-leading licensing program has matured and today has par- ticipants generating over $200 million in retail sales at over 24,000 outlets worldwide. Our licensees provide over $10 million in annual advertising for the Stanley® brand. Indicative of the program’s success, Stanley has twice been nominated for Corporate Brand Licensor of the Year by the Licensing Industry Merchandise Association and has been rated one of the Top 100 Licensors by License! Magazine.
The winning formula is delivering branded, innovative products with superb customer service across the price spectrum. Our overall sales declines of 5% in 2001 and 1% in 2002 were far less than the double-digit drop experienced across industrial markets. For that we have our retail share gains to thank, and that will become even more evident when the economy turns upward.
COMPETITIVENESS The world remains awash with excess capacity, and commod- ity prices, especially for steel and resin, are being pressured upward by tariffs and war. U.S. manufacturers of fabricated metal products had capacity utilization of about 70% throughout most of the year, just slightly higher than the computer industry. The only responses in such an environment are sustained productivity and continuous innovation.
8

                                                              Productivity remained the cornerstone of our earnings performance and was almost equally split between Operations and SG&A. Overall employment declined by 6%. While not up to prior years’ levels primarily owing to a plant consolidation miscue and higher commodity prices, operations productivity was still solid at almost 4%. In terms of infrastructure, four more plants and 15 warehouses were closed. Future productivity will emanate from continued process improvement and low-cost country (LCC) migra- tion. The productivity initiative is far from over.
Competitiveness requires assurance of a level global playing field which is not the case today owing to the U.S. tax code. Two of our main competitors, Ingersoll-Rand and Cooper Industries, have reincorporated in Bermuda to overcome that disadvantage. We continue to ask the U.S. Congress to introduce comprehensive tax legislation that removes the disadvantage that U.S. companies face. We remain hopeful that Congress will act, but are concerned that very little has happened positively since the Stanley maelstrom ended.
OUTLOOK Throughout its proud 160-year history Stanley has thrived by changing with the times and continually building upon its capabilities. Over the years 1997-2002, the company has become much more competitive, has delivered and been recognized for innovation and new product development in our industry, and has moved to a new level in cash flow. Ultimately, an enterprise thrives by generating cash and reinvesting it wisely. With further cost restructuring ahead and platforms for growth identified, we will continue to change and shape our company into a consistently expanding and prof- itable enterprise while maintaining financial strength and flexibility. Moreover, in light of the continuing economic malaise, it will be necessary to evaluate each part of our business portfolio for expansion, retention or elimination. We have strived always to face reality and will continue to do so. Thanks for your ongoing support in a difficult year.
John M. Trani March 2003
9
