  159TH MANAGEMENT LETTER TO SHAREOWNERS
THE VERY DNA OF OUR COMPANY IS CHANGING. STANLEY IS EVOLVING INTO A SERVICE-DRIVEN, CUSTOMER-FOCUSED COMPANY. THIS HAS LED TO FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE THAT DIFFERENTIATES US AMONG OUR PEERS.
TO OUR SHAREOWNERS 2001 was a relatively solid year financially and the most significant of this management team’s tenure. Despite a year-long economic recession, Stanley gained market share and delivered earnings growth, differentiating itself from peers in doing so. Several years of cost rationalization, building the senior management team and attention to customer needs manifested themselves. As a result, total shareowner return was 53% (49% price appreciation plus 4% dividend yield) versus an average 9% for peer companies.
> Sales were $2.624 billion, down 5% from last year. Severe economic slowing in the U.S. and Europe more than offset new wins and the carryover effect of market share gains in the latter half of 2000.
> Earnings per diluted share (“EPS”) of $2.31 were 4% above last year. This was the best performance among the 11 companies in our peer group, only one other of which recorded an increase.
Consistent delivery despite adverse economic conditions is an attribute to which we aspire. Wall Street rewards growth in general, but consistent, predictable growth even more. Consensus EPS has been met for ten consecutive quarters, and the stock market has responded.
> Operating margin expanded 90 basis points to 13.3% from last year’s 12.4% as a multitude of productivity programs were completed. These more than offset a shift to lower gross margin retail markets created by the severe industrial recession. The operating margin rate represents a 45-year high.
> Acting early on a weakening economic environment, we delivered another $80 million in productivity
even with negative volume leverage. Despite lower sales, our selling, general and administrative expenses declined from $657 million (24% of sales) in 2000 to $586 million (22% of sales) in 2001, with a year-end run rate of 21%.
> Return on capital employed was a solid 16.6% despite the acquisition of Contact East, while debt-to- capitalization (debt less cash on hand) declined 210 basis points to 31.3%.
1

   OUR VISION AND STRATEGY ARE UNCHANGED:
WE ARE COMMITTED TO BECOMING A GREAT BRAND, WINNING ON MAIN STREET AND WALL STREET.
GROWTH Growth in our markets emanates from three sources: new products, outlet expansion and ever- improving merchandising. Over the last four years, our product development process and organization have generated over 400 new products, and 2001 was right in line with more than 100 products introduced.
The vitality index (sales of new products introduced in the past three years) rose from 18% last year to 24% in 2001. The U.S. Industrial Designer’s Society and Business Week recognized our 24" FatMax® level for design innovation (our 6th in the last three years). The sustained product flow resulted in being named Innovator of the Year again, the only repeat winner, by the National Home Center News. In addition,
we were named Vendor of the Year for the second time in three years.
Our most notable success has been with the FatMax® family. Initiated with the 25-foot FatMax® tape rule
in 1999, this value proposition – that professional users will seek a higher price-point product that delivers real value – was extended into a family of six tools in 2000, and the family grew to 12 tools in 2001. In 2000, overall FatMax® sales were two million units, and that grew to 6 million in 2001. With another 6-8 products added in 2002, sales should rise to 10 million units.
The response of major retailers to these new products has been outstanding. In particular, Lowe’s increased its listing to include the FatMax® family of tools and benefited from strong point-of-sale gains.
In the spring, an entire new line of entry doors was introduced at The Home Depot. Ramped up in less than six months and rolled out with innovative point-of-sale information and packaging, this new line has had very strong consumer acceptance.
In 2001, innovations expanded to our other businesses as well. For example, in Access Technologies new sensing technology has the potential to change the game. Just being installed in a variety of airports, this new technology opens and closes doors based upon “seeing” the individual versus motion. Video is important in risk management and loss prevention at retail stores and overall security at all commercial sites since integrated recording and lockdown are now feasible.
2

For 2002, another 100 products should be introduced; and with them the vitality index should increase to 27%, reaching the goal established in 1997. In order to assure that these new products are not being cannibalized before being absorbed by the market, our emphasis will shift over the next few years to a search for new segments to enter as well as emphasizing industrial markets.
Outlet expansion is the key to ubiquity and involves expanding the number of traditional stores where Stanley products can be found as well as improving national account penetration. In total, over 11,000 outlets were added across all of our business segments in 2001. On the traditional front, our Preview Dealer program has had enormous success. Membership requires signing up for four new products annually (less than a $200 purchase for each product) which are exclusive to this channel for 30-60 days. Membership tripled from
2,500 (11% share of the U.S. hardware store population) in 2000 to over 7,500 (33% share) in 2001. Other initiatives added almost 6,500 outlets in the construction supply, automotive and hardware store channels frequented by professional tradesmen.
On the national account front, several successes were realized. Early in the year, a strategic alliance was formed with Wal*Mart. Stanley was named category captain for hand tools and mechanics tools. The rollout of 97 items began in March and is virtually complete. Our sales quadrupled, and strong double-digit growth is expected this year. Perhaps most telling is that comparable store sales showed a dramatic swing and grew at a double-digit rate once the line was introduced across the chain. That occurred despite the displaced private label brand still having 30% of the inventory at year-end. This result shows that the Stanley® brand has lever- agable power with the customer and consumer, provided a customer service culture exists. It also shows
that a true program partnership is a strong, transferable business model. Following the same process, Target also named Stanley category captain for its hand tool offering, and 12 feet of our tools were rolled out into every store.
The expansion, however, was not limited to retail or to the U.S. In 2001, we succeeded in spreading and advancing the same types of programs into Europe. In the U.K., according to recent market research, Stanley has attained the #1 position in each of the top nine hand tool categories at home center stores and represents 76 of the top 100 items.
While industrial markets are the worst in 40 years according to some customers, our position with them is clearly improving. At Grainger, for example, expansion of the offering to include our FatMax® and other new Proto® and Stanley® products has been complemented with floor and counter merchandising at many of their branch locations.
3

 Our merchandising strategy involves the development of options that can be tailored to the needs of each customer. Doing that enables us to leverage our licensees and promotional partners. These are added-value purchase incentives that drive retail volume. For example, our “Work it to the Max” program – a national sweepstakes for a personal watercraft – was designed to build end-user relationships and brand-awareness in the independent and industrial channels. The program yielded over $650,000 in sales. Another promotion, the “Work Hard. Play Hard” program, combined a sweepstakes with a value-added purchase incentive.
In exchange for branding in alternate channels of distribution, Kawasaki® USA formed a strategic alliance with Stanley and is providing recreational vehicles to sweepstakes winners.
Promotions are becoming a very big part of our brand-building efforts. By sponsoring Wal*Mart events such as the recent FLW Tour professional fishing tournament, the Stanley® brand is becoming more ubiquitous. At Mac, a five-year sponsorship of the premier NHRA drag racing event, the Mac Tools U.S. Nationals, provides a relationship-building vehicle with racing fans everywhere.
Our industry-leading licensing program continues to be successful. In 2001, Payless Shoe Source sold
over 1 million pairs of Stanley® work boots; ride-on and walk-behind Stanley® lawn mowers are in all 2,600 Wal*Mart stores, outselling a leading brand 3:1; and Stanley® work gloves have been placed in over 25,000 stores.
Nurturing brands requires consistency of merchandising and “look.” As shown in this report, uniform racking, signage and display materials were developed and applied consistently to numerous brands in our family. For example, the breadth of the hand tool product line enables presentation in a unified format. Traditional outlets are being encouraged to carry a well-planned display versus the current sporadic assortment which today leads to poor sales and fill rates. We are proposing that large hardware stores carry a 16-foot plan-o-gram
of 204 SKUs versus the average 30 SKUs carried today. Early tests of this display show significant point-of- sale growth.
In summary, the winning formula is delivering low-cost, branded, innovative new products with superb customer service. Progress in product innovation, outlet expansion and fresh merchandising are having the desired effect. While our 5% sales decline is certainly no cause to celebrate, that was far less than the double-digit drop experienced by many in our peer group. That share gain will become evident when the economy turns upward.
POSITIONING Building brands is a difficult, time-consuming and laborious process. One cannot buy “share of mind” without customer experience, which is generally developed over many years. For example, in the hardgoods industry there have been many attempts by retailers to develop private label brands
with little success thus far.
4

  We continue to benefit from our family of powerful brands – Bostitch,® Mac,® Proto,® Vidmar,® ZAG® among others – that have been built over decades and, of course, Stanley® over a century and a half.
The Stanley® brand has a unique position in global markets that is not easily valued on a balance sheet.
The position is unique because the hardgoods industry is extremely fragmented, and Stanley® is the only brand with a wide breadth of product line and geography (and even that can be expanded). Now that new product development is a way of life and fill rates are improving, it’s time to begin to capitalize upon this heritage. The Wal*Mart partnership is its first manifestation, but the real key is in what we term “category management.” Without category management, there is little analysis and understanding of why a product, or stock keeping unit (SKU) in retail parlance, is added to a customer’s listing. With it, the customer and supplier have the same goal: sell more products to the end user. Little time is spent battling competitors for listings or shelf space. The strength of the brand and the breadth of the product line enable Stanley to be positioned as the category manager or captain of hand tools, fastening, mechanics tools, storage and hardware product lines.
BRAND STRENGTH AND CUSTOMER SERVICE IMPROVE- MENTS WERE KEY ENABLERS OF STANLEY’S 2001 PART- NERSHIP WITH WAL*MART, OUR FIRST REAL SUCCESS IN CATEGORY MANAGEMENT. SALES QUADRUPLED IN 2001.
Category management has two steps: Whitespace analysis and Make-To-Stock/Make-To-Order (MTS/MTO). Whitespace is defined as a high-performing SKU (top 100) that is not listed by the customer. Historically, the reason for the gap is that all the customer interface time involves a face-off against competitors rather than analysis of the customer’s offering to the ultimate consumer. Moreover, the analysis is not confined only to retail. When Whitespace analysis was completed for a large industrial distributor, it was determined that its sales could increase 10% and return on investment triple by eliminating low-performing SKUs and replacing them with high-performing ones that were not being carried. This is the beauty of category management.
Increasing market share at major retailers will require continued innovation and, more importantly, sustained fill rates. Achievement of excellent fill rates is shifting from brute force and excess inventory to process disciplines that result in an integrated production-sales-inventory system. Continuing SKU reduction and
the MTS/MTO initiative are key to making that happen.
5

 To have that occur, however, requires shifting the SKU offering. “Full line” has evolved in our industry to “whatever you want,” whether it sells or not. This causes innumerable problems including poor fill rates since forecasting sporadic demand is impossible, and results in very low return on investment for both customers and suppliers. A full line – just like a full glass of water – has definition. Anything more is just waste or whim. The MTS/MTO initiative suggests that we only Make-To-Stock those items that have sufficient volume to warrant being warehoused. The remainder can be Make-To-Order with longer lead times. Thankfully, we are reaching category management status with more and more customers who are responding very favorably
to the compelling analysis being put before them.
The second part of positioning relates to the relative performance of the product segments in our portfolio. Overall, 57% of our sales had more than a 20% return on the capital invested in those businesses – up from 47% in 2000. In addition, two underperforming businesses had significant turnarounds by year-end and are worthy of mention.
The best story of the year was the resurrection of our Hardware business from its near-death state. Prior
to this year, this business was saddled with high costs making it unprofitable, and poor fill rates were causing market share loss. The relocation of production from high-cost locations to our manufacturing facility in Xiaolan, China was executed flawlessly. As a result, the Hardware business turned a 1999 loss into profitability that, by year-end, was among the highest in the company. Fill rates were impeccable. Customers noticed and began to return business lost in 1998 and 1999.
Our Mac business has labored for the last few years trying to make the Mac Direct experiment profitable.
In 2001, under a new leadership team, non-performers representing one-third of the Mac Direct distibutors were removed; a new compensation plan was implemented; and operating expenses fell 20%. The mix between direct and distributor sales forces was rebalanced, and the recruiting process time dramatically reduced. As a result, Mac broke even in the fourth quarter, and a $38M positive swing in cash flow resulted. Mac is on its way to recovery.
COMPETITIVENESS The world is awash with excess capacity. Manufacturers of fabricated metal products produced at 68% of capacity late last year, only seven points above the computer industry. Moreover, that capacity is sticky, i.e. it doesn’t move easily up or down in response to demand. The result is severe pricing pressure with predictable consequences on profitability. The only response in such an environment is sustained productivity. The methods and methodology may change, but the objective is constant.
6

                Competitiveness rests on three pillars: Simplification along multiple dimensions; Standardization of operating systems; and Systemization to eliminate redundancy. The result is the Stanley Production System:
SIMPLIFICATION
PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT
RESTRUCTURING
NEW PRODUCTS
PROCESS
LCC
KAIZEN
SIX SIGMA
PRODUCTION SYSTEM
For example, simplification requires fewer facilities, fewer non-performing SKUs and fewer suppliers. In 2001, 12 more facilities closed; 15,000 SKUs were eliminated; and suppliers were reduced by 11%.
Another 600 kaizen events were conducted, following 600 last year and 500 in 1999. In three years, nearly 3,000 processes have been affected, and 650 events are scheduled for 2002. Moreover, our own version of Lean Six SigmaTM was initiated with the hiring of a world-class leader. She hired and/or trained 15 Master Black Belts and Black Belts since April, and they delivered almost $6 million in productivity.
Interestingly, the ability to implement one element of the system (facility rationalization) turns a cost initia- tive into a growth vehicle in fragmented markets like those in which we participate. One of our acquisition alternatives is companies serving industrial markets that are available for reasonable valuations because they have excess plant capacity. This rationalization expertise provides acquisition currency and widens the playing field.
It became evident early in the year that the U.S. economy would rebound slowly, if at all. Industrial markets were in a deep recession, and tech markets were exhibiting depression-like demand. We took action early and often to decrease production and associated overhead costs and put a virtual lockdown on SG&A spend- ing. Employment was reduced by over 1,900 positions versus the 1,000 originally estimated.
Competitiveness requires a constant monitoring of the environment and assurance of a level global playing field. This is the genesis of our proposal to change our place of incorporation which is fully explained in the proxy statement that accompanies this annual report. Our Taiwanese competitors have a statutory tax rate of 20% so our current 32% places us at a severe disadvantage. This proposal would mitigate – but not eliminate – that situation. The economic benefit is compelling: one year of free cash flow every five years that can be reinvested to grow organically or through acquisition.
7

                                                              For those concerned that this appears to be a “tax dodge,” nothing could be further from the truth. First, Stanley would continue to pay significant U.S. taxes. Second, a corporation is owned by shareowners who pay taxes to the government both directly (on dividends and capital gains resulting from share price apprecia- tion) and through the corporation itself. This proposal would actually result in higher combined U.S. taxes paid in the near term, and would allow the reinvestment of the corporate savings at a much higher rate of return. Future share price appreciation would once again add to U.S. tax coffers.
Finally, we are attempting to change the DNA of our company by becoming a true learning organization. To that end, the recently completed Stanley Center for Learning & Innovation will be utilized to train our associ- ates in our values, operating mechanisms and statistical processes. It will enable the transfer – not just the sharing – of best practices. Best practices emanate from the world’s best companies but also from peers, and perhaps most directly, from each other.
OUTLOOK While the economic pundits are all stating that the recession is over, it’s important to note
the context of those statements. Economists look at sequential improvement (from one quarter to the next quarter). In contrast, companies report variances (from the current quarter to the same one a year ago). Although it appears that the economy is bumping along at a relatively low level, the comparisons in the first half of 2002 will be to the best half of 2001. Therefore, “comparables” won’t get easier until the second
half. Moreover, while inventory is being worked down, it is still too high in the industrial distribution channels as the inventory-to-sales ratio shows. In short, prudence dictates not to plan for a sales rebound until late in the year...and a muted one even then. As a result, a restructuring has just been completed which should position us once again for earnings growth in 2002.
Over the last five years, our company has become much more competitive and its senior management team more seasoned. Our original objective was for earnings to grow at a low- to mid-teens trend rate and through a recession. With an ever-improving operating cost structure, solid market share gains and a developing results oriented culture, our team is poised to grow at a double-digit rate through the recession.
The work over the last several years in reducing structural cost means that a relatively small sales bounce will show the enormous operating leverage built into our business model. We anxiously await the opportunity to turn that rhetoric into results.
John M.Trani March 2002
8
