 safeway iNc. •• 2009 aNNual repOrt
LEttEr to StoCKHoLDErS
  Our results for the year underscore our ability to successfully weather a tough economic environment while generating record levels of free cash flow. The clouds of the recession have not yet lifted, but we have laid the groundwork for future growth and positioned our company well for the years ahead.
In 2009:
• We had a net loss of $1,097.5 million ($2.66 per diluted share), including a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $1,818.2 million, net of tax ($4.40 per diluted share). Excluding the non-cash goodwill impairment charge, net income would have been $720.7 million ($1.74 per diluted share)
for the 52-week year, as compared with $965.3 million ($2.21 per diluted share) in the 53-week year 2008.1 The goodwill impairment was due primarily to Safeway’s reduced market capit- alization and a weak economy.
• We generated free cash flow of $1.5 billion,1 the highest in the company’s history, and returned cash to our stockholders through $885 million in stock repurchases and $153 million in dividends. We also reduced our debt by $598 million.
• Total sales in 2009 were $40.9 billion compared with $44.1 billion in 2008, largely as a result of lower fuel sales, lower identical-store sales and
Dear Fellow Stockholders,
page fOur

 one less week in 2009. Unprecedented levels of deflation in key categories such as dairy, produce and meat, as well as our investments in price, reduced sales dollars. In addition, consumers continued to closely monitor their spending, trading down to private label goods and other lower-priced items.
Since 2003, we have focused on differentiating our stores with high-quality perishables, creating a unique store environment, expanding our proprietary offerings and providing more everyday values. At the same time, we are managing costs while enhancing the customer experience and continuing our track record of innovation in the supermarket business. We believe we are very well prepared to meet and exceed our customers’ needs, and in turn to grow our market share, as the economy improves.
During the year, we opened eight new stores and remodeled 82 stores, bringing the number of Lifestyle stores to 79% of our base at year-end 2009. Our capital spending totaled $852 million for the year.
In 2009, we significantly accelerated our price investments to provide the value that today’s customer is looking for—every day. This included fine-tuning the pricing for our growing array of Consumer Brand products and other frequently purchased items. In numerous cases, these actions have resulted in noticeably higher volumes. We are encouraged by the positive momentum we have generated.
At the same time, we continued to reduce operating costs. In 2009, we set a target to increase our cost reduction efforts by 50% from 2008 levels, and through a broad range of initiatives, including increasing efficiencies across
our supply chain, retail and backstage operations, we significantly exceeded our goal. These results helped us offset some of our price investments.
We continue to develop a variety of innovative products and pursue vehicles for continued growth. We grew our Consumer Brands portfolio and expanded our Blackhawk Network gift card business. In addition, we are pursuing avenues to leverage our expertise and success in managing healthcare costs.
We are also deeply concerned about the communities in which we operate, and we continue to give back through fundraising and charitable contributions, which exceeded $250 million in 2009, and sustainable business practices. Our efforts were recognized when we were added to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America in 2009. Our work continues in 2010; in a short period in January, we raised and donated over $2.5 million to help the Haiti earthquake victims.
I want to extend my sincere appreciation to our dedicated employees for all their hard work, to our customers for their loyalty and to our stockholders for their continued support as we enter into a new decade. We are confident in our strategy moving forward and remain committed to creating increased stockholder value in 2010 and beyond.
Sincerely,
Steven A. Burd
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 2, 2010
1 Reconciliation tables follow the Annual Report on Form 10-K.
safeway iNc. •• 2009 aNNual repOrt
 page fiVe
