TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
  Safeway continued to perform exceptionally well in 2000, the company’s 75th year of operation. We exceeded $1 billion in earnings for the first time, improved our already strong gross profit and operating cash flow margins, accelerated our capi- tal spending program and initiated another promising acquisition.
OPERATING AND FINANCIAL RESULTS
As indicated in the highlights below, we recorded strong operating results in 2000.
s Net income increased 12.5% to $1.1 billion ($2.13 per share) from $971 million ($1.88 per share) in 1999. Excluding the estimated effects of a strike involving the operator of our northern California distribution center described below, net income in 2000 was up 19.3% to $1.2 billion ($2.26 per share). s Total sales rose 11% to $32.0 billion, primarily due to strong store operations, new store openings and the
Randall’s acquisition completed in the fourth quarter of 1999. On a strike-adjusted basis, comparable-store sales increased 3.3%, while identical-store sales (which exclude replacement stores) were up 2.7%.
s Gross profit, adjusted for the effects of the strike, improved 64 basis points to 29.93% of sales from pro forma results in 1999. The increase reflects continuing improvements in buying practices and product mix. s On a pro forma basis, operating and administra- tive expense, excluding the effects of the strike, declined 11 basis points to 22.49% of sales. This was the eighth consecutive year of improvement in our O&A expense-to-sales ratio.
s Operating cash flow as a percentage of sales on a strike-adjusted basis reached 10.05%, our best ever and one of the highest EBITDA levels in the industry.
s Our interest coverage ratio (operating cash flow divided by interest expense) remained a strong
2
  
6.83 times despite the additional debt incurred to finance the acquisition of Randall’s in September 1999 and the repurchase of Safeway stock in
late 1999.
During the fourth quarter of 2000, there was
a 47-day strike involving the Teamsters union and Summit Logistics, the company that operates our Northern California Division’s distribution center. Although the strike was settled on favor- able terms, it had a one-time adverse effect on sales, product costs and distribution expenses
at 246 Safeway stores in northern California, Nevada and Hawaii. We estimate the strike reduced fourth-quarter earnings by approximately $0.13 per share.
CAPITAL SPENDING
Capital spending increased to approximately $1.8 billion in 2000. During the year we opened 75 new stores, expanded or remodeled 275 existing ones and closed 46 older stores, resulting in a 4% net addition to total retail square footage. In 2001 we expect to invest more than $2.1 billion and open 90 to 95 new stores while completing some 250 remodels.
At Safeway, capital spending is a carefully planned, highly disciplined process. Projects are tracked over an extended period to measure actual results against targeted rates of return.
Almost 85% of our sales come from stores located in areas growing faster than the national average in the U.S. and Canada. By concentrating the majority of our capital spending in attractive, high-growth areas where we command strong market positions, we believe we enhance our
 prospects for long-term sales growth and operat- ing margin improvement.
ACQUISITIONS
In early February 2001, we acquired Genuardi’s Family Markets, Inc. which, at the close of the transaction, operated 39 stores in Pennsylvania, Delaware and New Jersey. One of the region’s leading supermarket chains, Genuardi’s is renowned for superior-quality perishables
and great customer service. Its operating philos- ophy and corporate culture should mesh well with Safeway’s.
Later in February 2001, we purchased 11 ABCO stores in Arizona to complement our 89-store Phoenix Division. We anticipate considerable benefits from the combined operation.
Acquisitions continue to be a key element of our long-range growth strategy. As addi- tional assets that meet our criteria become available, we intend to evaluate them for possible purchase.
COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT
During 2000 we made cash and in-kind contri- butions to numerous non-profit organizations throughout the communities we serve.
Among these donations was approximately $20 million worth of merchandise to food banks and various programs to assist the hungry. We also contributed over $20 million to local schools through innovative fundraising programs. In addition, we supported hundreds of local civic, charitable and cultural organizations within our operating areas.
 3
 
 Since becoming a corporate sponsor of Easter Seals in 1985, the company and its employees have raised almost $65 million to help people with dis- abilities lead more productive, independent lives.
At Safeway, we believe integrating our values with our work is good business as well as good corporate citizenship.
OUTLOOK
Looking ahead, we are encouraged by several posi- tive developments:
s The increasing proficiency of our store-level execution — from friendly service and fast checkout to appealing displays and good in-stock condition — which we believe gives us a significant competitive advantage. Of further benefit, the Genuardi’s acquisition should add approximately $1 billion in annual sales going forward.
 s The continuing expansion of our gross margin, largely the result of improved buying practices, bet- ter shrink control and growing consumer accep- tance of our award-winning private label brands.
s The exceptional productivity of our capital spending program. Our new stores are achieving profitability faster and accounting for a significantly larger share of overall earnings growth. We intend to invest greater amounts of capital at higher levels of return.
As we look back on 2000 — and over the preceding 74 years of Safeway’s history — we are gratified by our achievements. They reflect the dedication and hard work of our employees, who take pride in executing our priorities and outperforming the competition. With their ongoing support, we look for continued progress in 2001 and beyond.
Steven A. Burd
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 22, 2001
  4
