To Our Stockholders
While 2004 was another difficult year for our industry, we made solid progress on several fronts and laid a strong foundation to support future growth. Among our most notable achievements, we generated exceptionally strong cash flow from operations, which allowed us to significantly reduce total debt; we dramatically improved the quality, selection and presentation of our perishable offerings; and we began the rollout of our highly successful Lifestyle stores through an aggressive remodeling program. We also made substantial progress restructuring labor contracts, which we believe will enable us to compete more effectively going forward.
Results From Operations
Net income was $560.2 million ($1.25 per diluted share) in 2004 compared to a loss of $169.8 million ($0.38 per diluted share) in 2003.
As indicated in the table at the bottom of page 4, results for 2004 include total estimated charges of approximately $308.1 million, after tax ($0.68 per diluted share), related to the following items:
• Estimated impact of the Southern California strike;
• Dominick’s store closures;
• Contributions to a UFCW multi-employer health and welfare plan in Northern California; and • A lease expense adjustment in accordance with recent SEC guidance on “rent holidays.” Excluding these items, 2004 earnings would have been $1.93 per diluted share.1
For 2003, the same table outlines a total of almost $1.1 billion in after-tax charges
($2.43 per diluted share), related to the following items:
• Estimated impact of the Southern California strike;
• Dominick’s impairment charges;
• Randall’s impairment charges;
• Miscellaneous investments write-off;
• Inventory accounting change; and
• Restructuring and other expenses.
Excluding these items, net income in 2003 would have been $2.05 per diluted share.1
Sales
Total sales rose only slightly to $35.8 billion in 2004 from $35.7 billion in 2003, primarily
because of the strike and the extra week of operation in fiscal 2003, which was a 53-week year. Excluding strike-affected stores, comparable-store sales increased 1.5%, while identical-store
sales (which do not include replacement stores) rose 0.9%. Further excluding fuel, comparablestore sales declined 0.2%, while identical-store sales were down 0.8%.
With the lingering effects of the strike gradually abating, total sales have improved in the
first quarter of 2005. We are encouraged by this positive trend and expect it to continue as the
year progresses.
GrossProfit
Gross profit in 2004 declined 44 basis points to 29.58% of sales. The reduction was due primarily to increased fuel sales (which have a lower gross margin) and the estimated impact of the strike.
Operating and Administrative Expense
Operating and administrative expense last year decreased 7 basis points to 26.30% of sales.
The slight improvement was due to lower impairment charges and higher fuel sales, partly
offset by the impact of the strike and higher wages, benefits and occupancy expenses. SAFEWAY INC. 2004 ANNUAL REPORT 3
We continued to make substantial progress renegotiating labor contracts under favorable
terms. As of this writing, we have restructured collective bargaining agreements in all but two
of our retail divisions, where contracts have expired and we are currently negotiating new
ones. The modified agreements have begun to arrest the rapid increase in employee health care premiums and, over time, are expected to reduce the gap in our total labor costs versus those
of our non-union competitors.
Interest Expense
Interest expense declined $31.2 million to $411.2 million in 2004, primarily because strong cash

flow from operations enabled us to reduce debt by $1.1 billion to $6.7 billion.
Capital Spending
Cash capital expenditures increased to $1.2 billion in 2004. During the year we opened 33 new stores, all designed to our new Lifestyle format featured later in this report. We also expanded
or remodeled 115 existing stores – 94 of which were refurbished to Lifestyle standards – and
we closed 48 older stores.
In 2005, we plan to invest approximately $1.4 billion in cash capital expenditures and open
30 to 35 new Lifestyle stores while completing some 275 to 285 Lifestyle remodels. By the end
of this year, we plan to operate approximately 450 Lifestyle stores, more than three times the current total.
We also opened 41 fuel centers adjacent to our stores. As of year-end 2004, 311 of our
stores sold gasoline, boosting sales at these locations while enhancing one-stop shopping convenience for our customers.
Cash Flow
Net cash flow from operating activities in 2004 rose $617 million to $2.2 billion, while net cash
flow from investing activities, which consists principally of cash paid for property additions, increased $275 million to approximately $1.1 billion. Net cash flow used by financing activities
– mainly cash used to retire debt – was also up significantly, to approximately $1.1 billion in
2004 from $724 million the prior year. As noted above, total debt declined to $6.7 billion at year-end 2004 from $7.8 billion at year-end 2003.
Community Involvement
Each year we make cash and in-kind donations to hundreds of non-profit organizations throughout the communities we serve. Many of these contributions are channeled through
The Safeway Foundation, which is sustained by fundraising events and an annual employeegiving campaign.
During 2004 in our U.S. retail operations alone, we donated more than $100 million
worth of merchandise to Second Harvest food banks and other hunger-relief organizations.
We also contributed more than $20 million to local schools through eScrip and other
educational programs. In addition, we conducted major fundraising campaigns to support awareness, research and treatment programs for breast and prostate cancer as well as
muscular dystrophy.
Although we generally limit our charitable giving to worthy causes within our operating
areas, we made an exception for victims of the devastating tsunami in South Asia and
Eastern Africa, raising more than $3.5 million to support relief efforts on their behalf earlier
in 2005.
Outlook
This is an exciting time to be at Safeway, as we fundamentally reinvent our business and the
way we go to market. We continue to make excellent progress in establishing and communicating clear, compelling points of difference between our offerings and those of our competitors.
At the same time, through an innovative new advertising campaign, we will be connecting
with consumers – current customers and potential new ones – in ways that we believe will position Safeway as a uniquely responsive, more complete store. As noted on the following pages, life is changing, and so are we.
In closing, once again I’d like to acknowledge our employees for their tireless efforts.
As we strive to establish a sustained competitive advantage in a challenging business environment, I’m reminded that “a company is only as good as its employees allow it to be.”
We’re fortunate to have some of the best trained, most knowledgeable workers in the supermarket industry. We think they’re the friendliest, most helpful employees in the business
as well, a sentiment echoed by many of our customers. We have a winning team whose
players thrive on challenges and take pride in outperforming the competition while enhancing customer satisfaction.
Based on our recent, positive sales trends, we are encouraged that our strategy is working
and are convinced that Safeway is headed in the right direction for future growth. We are

determined to deliver shareholder value.
Steven A. Burd
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 15, 2005
