 2
  Letter
To Shareholders
 Kenneth P. Manning Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 sustaineD growth
Sensient’s revenue, net income and earnings per share all reached record levels in 2012. As a result of the Company’s focus on internal growth and investment, Sensient has achieved record revenue and earnings per share in each of the last three years. Both the Color Group and the Flavors & Fragrances Group reported higher revenue in 2012.
In recent years, Sensient has increased its sales coverage, modernized its production facilities and improved its technologies in promising areas such as digital inks, phar- maceutical coatings, and natural colors and flavors. The consistent, focused execution of our long-term strategy has allowed us to deliver sustained growth for our shareholders.
On April 26, 2012, the Board of Directors voted to increase the cash dividend on the Company’s common stock to 22 cents per share per quarter. This is our sixth quarterly dividend increase since 2006. We also used the Company’s share repurchase program to return more than $23 million to shareholders in the past year. Our growing dividend and share buy-backs reflect confidence in the long-term strength of the Company and a commitment to increasing shareholder value.
Developing Customer solutions
One of Sensient’s key strengths is our ability to find solutions for the specific needs of our customers. We are a solutions- driven company. Nearly every product we develop is customized to fit the unique requirements of our customers.
We deliver solutions to a broad range of global customers, including manufacturers of foods, beverages, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, household products, inks and industrial materials. In some instances, manufacturers seek to extend or reformulate current offerings. In other cases, customers turn to us for expertise to create new products that address opportunities in the marketplace.
We have strong product development capabilities in locations around the world, close to our most important customers. Decentralized R&D allows us to focus on what customers want in specific regions and to customize our solutions to local preferences. Sensient wins customer loyalty by matching our sophisticated technologies with exceptional service.
FooD anD Beverage Colors anD Flavors
Sensient’s broad product line for food and beverages gives manufacturers an extensive selection of flavors and colors, both natural and synthetic, to build a distinctive product.
In particular, growing consumer demand for natural products has created tremendous opportunities for Sensient. Today we are a market leader in natural colors. We provide manufac- turers with shades, rather than single colors, that enable a greater range of end products and ensure product perfor- mance across many complex applications. Our advanced capabilities simplify the use of natural color systems.
We are the global leader in synthetic colors and demand continues to expand. Synthetic colors are stable and effective, and they can be used in a wide array of applica- tions. In many cases, they are the preferred product solution.
We are among the industry leaders in flavors. Our flavor systems enhance the products of food and beverage manufacturers worldwide. We have superior savory flavor capabilities that combine top notes and other flavors in sophisticated vertically integrated systems. Our extraction technologies produce exceptionally pure, highly concentrated botanical extracts. We excel in dairy flavors for ice creams and yogurts.
In 2012, Sensient continued to focus on promising growth opportunities in a number of other markets, including cosmetics, pharmaceuticals and industrial inks. We expect
   aDvanCeD systems For CosmetiCs, pharmaCeutiCals anD inks

 3
 Sensient Technologies Corporation 2012
2012 was the third consecutive record year for Sensient Technologies Corporation. Revenue reached an all-time high of $1.46 billion, and in local currency, our earnings per share grew over 6%.
strong revenue increases in these global markets, driven by new product development.
The Company is a global leader in the development of sophisticated technologies used in the manufacture of cosmetics and other personal care products. We recently introduced a patented technology that improves color treatments for hair. Our specialty dispersions and treated pigments continue to find favor among cosmetics manufac- turers worldwide.
In pharmaceuticals, we created several new color and coating systems that are winning business from large manufacturers. Sensient’s natural enteric coatings provide a functional film to pharmaceuticals without the use of alcohol or preservatives. We have also improved the performance of Sensient’s line of moisture-barrier coatings for pharmaceuticals.
In 2013, we will complete a significant expansion of our digital ink facility in Switzerland. With this investment, we are broadening our offerings in inks and industrial colors. Our specialty inks improve the performance of digital industrial printers, enabling significantly faster printing of short runs. Sensient’s digital printing technology is used for textiles, plastics, packaging and other end products.
loCal knowleDge anD gloBal reaCh
Sensient’s global reach extends to more than 75 locations in over 35 countries. We retain local managers with detailed knowledge of their markets. Their regional expertise allows us to adjust our products and formulations to local condi- tions for greater competitive advantage.
We will continue to expand by investing in infrastructure, establishing new locations, and acquiring and developing new technologies that broaden our product portfolio.
In 2012, we made significant investments in facilities in North America, South America and Europe. We announced plans to build a new color and flavor complex in South Africa to serve
this growing market. We believe our facilities and personnel are second to none in our industry.
looking aheaD
In October 2012, Sensient’s Board of Directors elected Paul Manning to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer. He was also elected to the Board of Directors. Paul’s leadership has already strengthened the Color Group and will now reach all units of the Company.
Sensient also initiated a broad and strategic restructuring program in the first quarter of 2013 to consolidate and simplify operations, reduce costs and facilitate future growth.
As one component of the plan, we will relocate the Flavors & Fragrances Group headquarters to Chicago. This relocation will give the Company better access to customers, improve access to food industry talent and allow us to showcase our broad product portfolio in a state-of-the-art facility.
We also plan to reduce global headcount and consolidate several facilities throughout Europe and North America in order to increase operating efficiencies. These changes will not impact the Company’s sales coverage and will reduce annual operating costs by between $10 million and $12 million. We are making these changes to position the Company for even greater profitability.
I am very confident about Sensient’s future. We will continue to grow by providing high-performance, technology-based solutions to customers in markets around the world. I expect shareholders to benefit from our ongoing success.
Sincerely,
Kenneth P. Manning
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    