 letter to shareholders
2007 was a significant year for Sensient technologies Corporation. We celebrated the Company’s 125th year of business operations as we continued to strengthen and grow the Company. Sensient is prospering today and is positioned to thrive in the future.
 Kenneth P. Manning
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
2007 results
All of Sensient’s operating Groups achieved significant revenue and profit growth in 2007. The Company’s total 2007 revenue reached $1.2 billion, an increase of 7.8% over 2006 and a second consecutive
year of record revenue. Net earnings were $77.8 million, an increase of 17.1% over 2006.
Sensient’s strong financial position and cash flow from operating activities have provided the opportu- nity to pay down debt, invest in R&D and allow our shareholders to share directly in the Company’s success. On July 19, 2007, the Board of Directors voted to increase the quarterly cash dividend on Sensient common stock from 16 cents per share to 18 cents per share, an increase of 12.5%.
For the year, our cash flow increased 6% to $105 million and we reduced total outstanding debt by $25.4 million. We expect to continue strengthening our balance sheet.
the outcome of a Long-term Strategy
In 1996, we launched a bold long- term strategy that transformed this Company. We divested commodity businesses, acquired new businesses and technologies and expanded around the globe. This strategy required fortitude, resolve and hard work at all levels of the Company.
It is clear that the Company’s long- term strategy is succeeding. We have a strong product mix, a worldwide customer base and the ability to create innovative systems
2

used in the production of exceptional consumer products.
In 2007, a growing audience of investors and analysts took notice of our success. Investors recognized the current strength and long-term potential of Sensient and the stock price reached new record highs.
It is very gratifying to me that this Company held fast to our strategy, and our investors are now seeing the rewards.
the Value of technology
In today’s global marketplace, technology, scientific expertise and intellectual property distinguish industry leaders from their competi- tors. At every Sensient business unit, we make technology a priority, and this enables us to create unique, higher-margin products.
Sensient’s dehydrated flavors technology offers a good example. We create complex, high-performance dehydrated flavor systems that set the standard in the marketplace. Most Sensient dehydrated products begin with proprietary seed lines that produce bacteria-resistant, low-moisture raw materials. The
use of satellite imagery and GPS also enhances raw material sourcing and production. Innovative processing, flavor formulation and large-scale production further extend Sensient’s leadership in dehydrated flavors.
The Company’s technologies also play a role in several new and fast-growing food and beverage segments. For instance, in North America and Europe, consumers increasingly want beverages
that provide nutrients as well as refreshment. To meet this demand,
Sensient is using proprietary extraction, encapsulation and micro-emulsion technologies to produce antioxidants, carotenoids, Omega-3 and other nutrients that can be incorporated into food and beverage systems.
new Products in a global Marketplace
Sensient has increased revenues and margins in its traditional food and beverage business by using technol- ogy to surpass competitors and bring value to our customers. The food and beverage business also provides stability during periods of economic uncertainty.
At the same time, Sensient’s ability to innovate drives growth and creates new opportunities in dynamic non-food markets. We recently developed, patented and are now marketing an innovative powder- to-cream cosmetic application technology. Sensient’s new line of self-dispersing pigments improves the performance of inkjet inks. The Company’s pharmaceutical technolo- gies, including highly purified colors and coatings, provide consistency and improve efficiency for manufac- turers around the globe. The Company’s capabilities in fine chemical purification will create a range of new products in the
coming years.
All of Sensient’s new products serve
a global marketplace. Rapidly growing urban centers in Asia, South America and elsewhere fuel
a demand for consumer goods such as personal care and household prod- ucts, fragrances and cosmetics. We see strong promise in these markets well into the future.
International Corporate Leadership
As part of our transformation, Sensient established an entirely
new corporate culture. We are a unified global Company with skilled personnel at more than 70 locations in 30 nations. We draw our execu- tives and management not only from the United States, but also from Europe, Asia, South America and Africa.
In August 2007, Sensient announced the appointment of Robert J. Edmonds as President and Chief Operating Officer. Rob has extensive interna- tional experience. He contributed significantly to the Company’s success as General Manager of Sensient Food Colors, North America, and will continue to do so in his new role.
Sensient has prospered during a decade of change because we established a well-planned growth strategy and stayed the course. Shareholders who also took a long- term view have now seen their foresight rewarded. We will continue to pursue a strategy that emphasizes product development, new technolo- gies and global expansion. I fully expect shareholders to continue reaping the benefits of this Company’s strength and vision.
Sincerely,
Kenneth P. Manning
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Sensient Technologies Corporation 2007 Annual Report
 3
