  Letter to Shareholders
 Sensient’s strategy is succeeding today and building momentum for tomorrow. We will continue delivering strong results to shareholders through sustained global growth across all our product lines.
2006 Results
In 2006, Sensient Technologies Corporation achieved solid growth in both revenues and earnings. Total 2006 revenue reached $1.1 billion, a 7.3% increase over 2005 and an all- time record for the Company. This is the third year in a row that revenue has exceeded $1 billion.
The Company’s 2006 net earnings of $66.4 million were up sharply from last year. We also made significant progress in strengthening our balance sheet. Cash provided by operations in 2006 was $99.2 million, which allowed us to fund the operating and capital needs of the business and reduce debt. Total outstanding debt was reduced by $21.2 million in 2006, and we expect to lower company debt to below $500 million by the end of 2007.
On October 12, 2006, the Board of Directors voted to increase the quarterly cash dividend on the Company’s common stock from 15 cents per share to 16 cents per share. In five years, our dividend
has increased by 21%. These increases allow shareholders to benefit immediately from the Company’s success. Moreover, the rising dividend reflects the confi- dence of Sensient’s leadership in the Company’s strategic position and our ability to grow in the future.
New Products
and Growing Revenues
Sensient operates in a highly competitive and rapidly changing marketplace. Our strong performance in 2006 is the result of a combination of key strategic decisions made over the last several years.
We have expanded our product mix and strengthened R&D capabilities. With 30 state-of-the- art R&D centers around the world, we rapidly develop and commer- cialize new products used in food and non-food manufacturing.
In some cases, we work closely with key customers to extend product lines or create new formulas. In
other instances, we independently create new ingredient systems that provide an advantage in the marketplace. By improving the effectiveness of our efforts in this area, we now have the ability to increase the rate at which we introduce new products well above our rate of product attrition.
Improved Pricing and Cost Savings
Sensient’s focus on technology- based, value-added products helps improve margins. We also increased profits in 2006 by raising prices in selected markets. These strategic price increases enable us to offset costs associated with rising expenditures for energy
and raw materials.
The Company continues to become more efficient as well. We have cut approximately $30 million in annual expenses since the end of 2000 and expect to make further cost improvements. Targeted investments in facility improvements are paying off in the form of R&D productivity,
2

   Kenneth P. Manning
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
 manufacturing efficiency and enhanced customer service.
The Company expects to build on our global customer relationships and extend product lines at several upgraded facilities in Europe and Asia. The proximity of our facilities to key customers contributes to our superior customer service.
Traditional and Expanding Markets
Earlier this decade, we saw a period of consolidation, cost-cutting and transition among our traditional food and beverage customers. While margin pressure remains in this segment, Sensient is now strongly positioned to serve these larger companies. We are a leading supplier of essential ingredient systems, and we play a primary role in the develop- ment of new products.
The Company’s versatility enables us to profit from emerging and fast-changing trends. For example, in North America and Europe,
we supply manufacturers in the growing health and wellness segment. Our color, flavor and fragrance systems are used in the production of natural foods and beverages, nutritional supplements and personal care products.
We continue to expand our reach
in high-growth, non-food segments. Cosmetic ingredient systems developed in Paris, France, and South Plainfield, New Jersey, fuel a growing demand for make-up and personal care products around the globe. Opportunities for Sensient’s color and coating systems for pharmaceuticals are also increasing.
A Global Corporate Culture
I continue to see enormous value
in this Company’s unique corporate culture. No competitor in our industry can match Sensient’s ability to meet regional demands. Almost 60% of our employees are citizens of nations other than the United States, and more than 50% of 2006 revenues came from sales outside the U.S. Our personnel collectively speak all the major languages of the world, which enables us to conduct business as a local com- pany. Sensient is both global and local at the same time.
The Company’s global culture and presence allow us to draw on technical experts and highly trained personnel all over the world. The U.S. produces exceptional chemists and engineers, but Sensient has also tapped skilled scientists, sales
personnel and management in Latin America, China and Europe.
Sensient has become adept at incorporating new locations into our corporate culture. This capabil- ity enables us to extend our reach quickly as we identify the most promising new geographic mar- kets. In 2007, we plan to accelerate our expansion in several markets, including South America, Central Europe and Asia.
A Promising Future
Sensient is a dynamic Company that is positioned and organized to leverage new opportunities in multiple segments all around the globe. We are proud of our Company and its ability to con- tinue building value for our shareholders.
This Company is succeeding today because of our unique blend of scientific expertise, advanced technologies and global reach.
I am confident that these strengths will enable us to deliver sustainable growth into the future.
Sincerely,
Kenneth P. Manning
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 3
