                                                                                                            LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Sensient is a new Company in every sense of the word.
Our outstanding results in 2002 demonstrate that our strategy for growth continues to deliver success.
RECORD GROWTH IN 2002
Sensient Technologies Corporation achieved record revenue and earnings
KENNETH P. MANNING Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
per share in 2002, and we expect solid growth to continue in 2003. We increased revenue for the year by 15% over 2001, with total revenue reaching $939.9 million. Earnings in 2002 from continuing operations were $80.7 million, an increase of 24.2% over 2001.
Six years ago, we had no Technical Colors business. In 2002, this business reached $115 million in revenue. We expect strong growth to continue in this market in 2003 and beyond. Within the Sensient Technical Colors business, the Imaging Technologies products include inkjet inks, color systems for industrial applications and highly purified organic chemicals called OLED (Organic Light-Emitting Diodes). OLED provides the foundation of an innovative flat panel display technology for use in PDAs, wireless phones, digital cameras, laptop computers and other devices.
Our strong results led the Company’s Board of Directors to vote to increase our annual cash dividend on common stock from $.53 to $.56 per share. This dividend increase enables our shareholders to participate directly and immediately in the Company’s success. The increase became effective with the quarterly dividend paid on December 2, 2002.
The coming year will mark an important milestone in the Company’s history: I am confident that in 2003 Sensient’s revenue will exceed $1 billion. This achievement reflects the successful effort of Sensient’s leadership to transform a 120-year-old domestic food business into
Four years ago, we recognized opportunities for growth in the cosmetic ingredients business and invested significant resources into this fast- growing market. As a result, we have achieved double-digit growth
year after year in this business.
a world-leading developer and supplier of sophisticated color, flavor and fragrance systems.
Today our aroma chemicals and fragrance systems go into some of the world’s best-known consumer brands, including personal and home care products. In food, we are providing customers with sophisticated color and flavor systems that offer the best returns in this market.
A NEW COMPANY WITH NEW PRODUCTS
Sensient’s record performance in 2002 is the result of a well-planned
and disciplined strategy to build this Company into a global business with high-margin, technology-driven products. We embarked on an aggressive acquisition program six years ago that accelerated our movement into new markets. As important, we exited slow-growth, commodity businesses.
All of these markets are contributing to our growth today, and we expect that they will continue to deliver strong returns in the future. We will grow each of these businesses in the coming years by leveraging our past acquisitions to their fullest extent.
Today we are a whole new Company with an exceptional product mix that emphasizes value-added technologies and ingredient systems.
In 2002, we completed four acquisitions that add new products and technologies in display imaging, specialty inks, cosmetic ingredients, flavors and fragrances. These acquisitions enable us to further improve
23

                                                                                                                                               acquisitions will still be part of our overall growth strategy, but we will focus on strengthening our operations,
increasing sales volume and developing new products.
REVENUE BY REGION
As a transformed and thriving Company, Sensient will continue to suc- ceed as the decade unfolds. Our customers, employees and shareholders all stand to benefit from this new chapter in our Company’s history.
0 98 99 00 01 02 REVENUE PER EMPLOYEE
52% United States 25% Europe
Sincerely,
8% Asia-Pacific 8% LatinAmerica 6% Canada
1% Other
The new vision and energy of our corporate leadership extends to the entire Company. We have built a highly skilled workforce that provides our customers with technical expertise and superior service.
our position in our newest, most dynamic markets. They also strengthen our standing with leading customers and give us access to new markets.
substantially increased revenue per employee over the last several years. In 2002, revenue per employee reached $263,000, compared to $168,000 in 1996.
Sensient has built a solid foundation for growth through our strategic acquisition program. Acquisitions will still be part of our overall growth strategy, but we will focus on strengthening our operations, increasing sales volume and developing new products.
BENEFITING FROM A CHANGING WORLD Sensient’s new products, proprietary technologies and strong workforce enable us to thrive in a fast-changing world. People in markets around the globe are enjoying greater access to consumer products, and Sensient is perfectly positioned to benefit.
We are linking all of our businesses together through the Sensient name. Our unified brand expresses the Company’s global leadership, technical expertise and product depth. In early 2003, we launched a redesigned Web site that further leverages the strength of our name. The Sensient Web site provides a detailed picture of our business and presents a Company that has transformed itself into a market leader with global reach.
In China, a growing middle class promises expanding markets for digital imaging, beverages and household products. Developing markets in
Latin America and Eastern Europe also continue to provide opportunities for growth.
A DYNAMIC CORPORATE CULTURE
Sensient is thriving today on the strength of a superior international
The increasingly competitive marketplace for consumer products also benefits Sensient. The accelerating pace of product releases means that customers frequently turn to us for assistance with product development. Sensient’s research facilities enable us to meet this need and set us apart from our competitors. We help our customers succeed by supplying higher-margin formulations and technologies that differentiate their products in the marketplace.
300
workforce of more than 3,500 employees. When I became president of this Company in 1992, 95 percent of our employees were U.S. citizens and 90 percent of our business was domestic. We rarely sought opportu- nities beyond our own borders.
250
One decade later, almost two-thirds of our employees are citizens
of other nations, and nearly half of our revenues come from international business. We operate from 77 locations in 30 countries. Our leadership uncovers opportunities and looks for growth in markets around
the world.
50
We have state-of-the-art facilities and technology that cannot be matched by our competitors. Automation and operational improvements have
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
45
Kenneth P. Manning
200
150
100
dollars in thousands
