 letter to SHAREHOLDERS
In 2004, Sensient Technologies Corporation surpassed $1 billion in annual revenue for the first time in the Company’s history. We are financially and strategically positioned to continue building shareholder value.
2004 Results: Achieving a Milestone
Total 2004 revenue was $1.047 billion, which represents a 6.1% annual increase over 2003. Attaining the $1 billion mark is the result of a successful long-term growth strategy that emphasizes high-performance, technology-based products. The Company’s leadership and international workforce deserve recognition for reaching this important milestone.
In 2004, we also made great strides in improving cash flow and reducing debt. The Company’s total debt declined $39.5 million from December 31, 2003, to December 31, 2004. In the same period, cash flow from operating activities was $125.7 million.
Efficiency and Excellence
Sensient focused on integrating and improving operations on a worldwide basis in 2004. We participate in several highly competitive markets that demand efficiency and reward excellence.
The Company implemented profit improvement initiatives in several areas of the business. We have consolidated production for some of our more mature products into lower-cost facilities and reduced headcount where possible. We are also improving our raw material sourcing and warehousing for greater cost savings.
Operational improvements and cost reduction will continue to increase profitability. But improved efficiency is only one part of Sensient’s operational focus. We have also made substantial investments in facilities around the world that make our Company a dynamic leader in colors, flavors and fragrances.
In 2004, we completed the expansion of our St. Louis Color Group headquarters and research facility. We also made important investments in China. We built a new Flavor facility in Qingdao, China, to source low-cost product for this region. We also added pharmaceutical color laboratories and production to our primary Chinese production and research facilities in Guangzhou.
An intensive period of capital investment in facilities improvement around the world is now largely completed. Our highly automated, state-of-the-art facilities reflect the world- class nature of our Company and the global Sensient brand. We have also developed a complex facilities management model that enables us to maintain the quality and efficiency of our plants.
Proprietary Products and Technology
Sensient seeks to deliver long-term sustainable growth by maximizing the potential of
the global infrastructure that we have built over the last decade. We are leveraging our facilities and expert personnel to develop new high-performance products for digital imaging, specialty printing, personal and home care products, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, and food and beverages.
Our products for nonfood markets offer the best opportunities for growth, but we continue to compete aggressively in our traditional food and beverage markets with a strong roster of new technologies such as unique dispersions, emulsions, coatings and extraction technologies.
2

  Kenneth P. Manning Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Our expertise in high-performance colors now ranges far beyond food. We continue to see double-digit annual revenue growth opportunities from our products for the pharmaceutical and cosmetics industries as well as digital imaging and specialty printing. In these markets, we offer color systems that help our customers grow successfully in competitive environments.
Valuable intellectual property (IP) forms the basis of Sensient’s products. In addition, scientists working at Sensient facilities in the United States, Europe and Asia continue to develop new proprietary formulations and processes. In order to protect our IP and maximize its value, we are increasing our patent filings significantly.
Positioned for Sustainable Growth
In the last decade, Sensient’s name has become known around the world. We now operate from 77 locations in 30 countries. We sell products in more than 150 nations. Two-thirds of our workforce are citizens of countries other than the United States. Our presence in regions around the globe is providing value to every part of the Company’s operations.
In 2004, we began to see improvements in several markets that were flat in 2003. The North American food and beverage industry improved in 2004, and we expect additional strength in 2005. Pressure from low-cost retailers continues to impact food and beverage, but we
are able to find continued growth from our high-performance customized products. We see significant opportunities arising from our position in dynamic global markets like digital and display imaging and cosmetics.
Sensient’s leadership in established and emerging markets will continue to build share- holder value. I remain confident about our future progress.
Sincerely,
KENNETH P. MANNING
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
 3
