                To Our Shareholders:
As we entered 2007, we established three broad goals:
1. Deliver double-digit sales growth for a seventh consecutive year
2. Deliver 20% earnings per share (EPS) growth
3. Maintain our strong focus on operational excellence
Our results tell a positive story of our performance in 2007.
Against our first goal, we are very pleased to report that we delivered double-digit sales growth, up a very strong 16.6 percent on a reported basis, and reached $6.0 billion in sales. In fairness, two and a half points of the growth did come from favorable foreign currency comparisons. For perspec- tive, we were one of only 19 Fortune 500 companies that achieved this track record for six consecutive years, and we think a few more companies may fall off the list for 2007—leaving us in a fairly small group of select companies able to sustain this level of growth for a seventh straight year. Our most recent growth streak began in 2001, and we are driving to maintain our double-digit revenue increase—one of the keys to allowing us to maintain our exceptional track record of EPS growth.
Our second goal was to deliver 20 percent EPS growth. We are pleased to report that our strong sales growth combined with solid cost controls allowed us to once again deliver on this well-known Stryker goal.
Our third goal was to focus on operational excellence in a year where there were many distractions and speed bumps in our industry. This focus led us to deliver double-digit operational sales growth across seven of our eight key global franchises. We also generated a hefty 18.6 percent increase in operating cash flow to over $1.0 billion, further strength- ening our balance sheet for the years ahead. Additionally, in order to better play to our core competencies, we sold our Physiotherapy Associates rehabilitation services division to Water Street Healthcare Partners, a move designed to help this business reach its fullest potential and allow us to focus on the businesses that we understand the best.
Our strong financial performance in 2007 allowed us to dramatically increase our dividend for the second straight year. Specifically, we boosted our dividend by 50 percent from $.22 per share in 2006 to $.33 in 2007, and have effec- tively tripled it over the last two years.
Further Perspective
In many ways, our actions in 2007 were set up by a series of decisions and plans that we put in place during the previous few years. At a high level, these key decisions were:
1. Bring greater focus to our U.S. spine, trauma and CMF businesses
2. Boost our new product flow via increased R&D activity
3. Accelerate our MedSurg growth (principally Endoscopy
and Instruments) outside the United States
While we relied on our four imperatives of Globaliza-
tion, Innovation, People Development and Leveraging Across Divisions that we discussed in previous reports, these three decisions were a key component of our success in 2007. Back in 2004, we made the strategic decision to bring greater focus to our spine, trauma and CMF businesses, each of which was underdeveloped in the critical U.S. market. We made these decisions at a time when many were focused on the high growth reconstructive hip and knee market, but we believed that establishing a strong presence in these businesses would invariably make us a much stronger and more resilient com- pany in the years ahead.
2

                 We are pleased to report that our focus on these three businesses is clearly yielding strong results, as all three grew at over 20 percent in the United States in 2007, and collec- tively global sales for these franchises grew 21 percent in 2007 and exceeded $1.0 billion in revenue for the first time, now making them key contributors to our total growth.
During the last few years, we significantly increased our R&D spending in order to increase our flow of new products. The results of this action began to show in 2007 as products like the Stryker Precision Oscillating Tip Saw by our Instruments division gained momentum. We also received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval on the Cormet Hip Resurfacing System, making us the second company to bring an innovative product to this rapidly emerging segment in orthopaedics. In addition, we launched a series of other new products throughout our divisions that were not in the works a few years ago.
As part of our increased R&D commitment, we have ramped up our ongoing development of acquired products. Some of these, such as our artificial spinal disc program, are proceeding very well, while some others, including our Sightline flexible endoscopy product, will likely take us a bit longer to bring to market. One of our learnings has been that we sometimes underestimate the challenges in bringing new technologies to market, especially when they are outside our core competencies, and they may take longer than our initial timelines suggest. We currently have a number of exciting projects in our pipeline and are focused on bringing them to market in the years ahead.
In 2004, we identified a key additional growth area for our Company—recreate the success of our U.S. Med- Surg businesses outside the United States. Simply put, our strong growth in the United States, and our organizational structure, made MedSurg an afterthought for most of our
3

                 Stryker Precision Oscillating Tip Saw
 Triathlon Knee System
 In contrast to standard surgical saws with oscil- lating blades, this saw has a stationary blade shaft with an oscillating tip. This feature gives the surgeon the opportunity for greater accuracy while enhancing handpiece control and reducing the potential for soft tissue damage—supporting greater efficiency as well as improved patient outcomes. Successfully introduced in late 2006, the saw is a highly innovative addition to Stryker’s industry-leading System 6 line of heavy-duty powered surgical instruments.
 international markets. Geographically, we delivered over 75 percent of our MedSurg sales from the United States in 2003. Based on tremendous cooperation across divisions, we have begun to unlock the potential of our endoscopy and instru- ments businesses outside the United States and have more than doubled sales in these two businesses internationally since 2003. As we think about sustaining our exceptional MedSurg growth, we feel good about the additional potential outside the United States as well as the strong results we con- tinue to generate inside the United States.
Focus on Fundamentals
One of our top three goals in 2007 was to maintain a strong focus on operational excellence. This topic rarely makes headlines but, in fact, is largely the essence of Stryker’s success. It makes us a strong and stable company that can generate sustained, high-level performance. It takes a unique combination of disciplined thought, disciplined people and disciplined actions, all working together and focused on the fundamentals, to achieve this level of excellence. This approach creates broad-based, high-quality growth and helps guide us through the bumps and bruises that often occur in individual medical and geographic markets.
Broad-Based Strength
People often ask about “the product” or “the market” that drives our growth. Simplistically, it is not just one product or geography—rather it is our broad base and our focus on fundamentals. As Wall Street analysts look for the next big product, we remind them and ourselves that our business has been built by executing on many things very well. Our solid, consistent performance doesn’t often generate head- lines, but it does generate great results for our customers and shareholders. And while we haven’t made a lot of headlines
As Wall Street analysts look for the next big product, we remind them and ourselves that our business has been built
by executing on many things very well.
in recent years for blockbuster acquisitions or hyped-up product launches, we have quietly more than doubled the size of our Company from $2.8 billion in sales in 2002 to $6.0 billion in 2007.
A great example of this broad-based strength was apparent in 2007, a year where our largest single franchise— hips—and our second largest geographic market—Japan— were soft. Despite softness in these two major parts of our business, we delivered great results. Meanwhile, we have been busily taking actions to strengthen our performance in these areas, and expect them to continue to improve while we will invariably face new challenges in other parts of our business in the quarters ahead. Our increasingly large and diverse business often means that we can maximize our areas of strength while we sort out new challenges that emerge. We have a very good team that stays close to the operational issues in our businesses, and allows us to have heightened reflexes to anticipate and strengthen where necessary.
4
  
                  Cormet Hip Resurfacing System
Developed with a global panel of surgeons, the Triathlon system is designed to more closely reproduce natural knee motion and fit while offering the potential of greater implant longevity based
on laboratory testing.1, 2 Since its initial introduction in 2005, this next-generation system has been enthusiastically adopted by surgeons because it promotes lifestyle recovery for patients, simplifies surgical planning and enhances operating room
efficiency and flexibility during the surgical process. (For references, see page 72.)
 Hip resurfacing, which does not require the removal of the femoral head and neck, offers a bone- conserving alternative to hip replacement surgery to certain younger, more active patients. In 2007,
we began marketing the Cormet Hip Resurfacing System following FDA approval. Because resurfacing entails the reshaping of the patient’s own femoral head in order to accommodate a specially designed implant, our emphasis has been on surgeon training for this important extension
of our hip portfolio.
Raising the Bar on Quality
We recognized during 2007 that the FDA has been put under a great deal of pressure to respond to the growing complexity of medical technology by raising the bar on product quality and regulatory compliance. As we looked critically at our own activities in this area, we realized that we can do much better, especially as we aspire to become a company recog- nized for world-class quality. To this end, we are making a Company-wide commitment to improving our quality assurance and regulatory systems to be certain that we will not only meet the standards of regulatory bodies around the world, but exceed those standards in order to provide the best possible patient care. The commitment and resources to achieve this will be far-reaching and will take some time.
Being a Leader
At Stryker, we recognize the obligations that come with being a leader, and we continually strive to act accordingly. In this context, we are pleased that the settlement in the investiga- tion of the orthopaedic industry by the U.S. Department of Justice came to fruition in 2007. The outcome of the investiga- tion, and the way Stryker was differentiated, proved the long- term benefit of being true to our way of doing business.
We are making a Company- wide commitment to improving our quality assurance and regulatory systems to be certain that we will meet and exceed the standards of regulatory bodies around the world.
Controlling Our Own Destiny
By focusing on fundamentals and making strategic decisions, we are in a strong position today. We have the flexibility to make deliberate choices about future directions. We can afford to be patient and take advantage of the best opportu- nities. We are poised to respond to nearly any turn of events and are well positioned to control our own destiny. We have a very healthy cash position and will remain disciplined in how we deploy it.
Homer Stryker Center Opens
In 2007, we celebrated the opening of the Homer Stryker Center. With its innovative approach to surgeon education and clinical research, the Center stands out from any other training facility in the industry. While the Center speaks to our roots as a company founded by an orthopaedic surgeon, it addresses needs that could not have been imagined in Dr. Stryker’s day. There have been unprecedented advances in medical technology and even higher expectations for improved patient outcomes. These developments have resulted in a far wider range of complex products than ever before. In this environment, training that matches the quality of the products and meets surgeon needs is an absolute ne- cessity. We have made a major investment in the Center and are proud to support the medical community in this way.
Our world-class training center was part of the vision of former Executive Vice President Ron Lawson, a champion of education and training in our industry. Ron retired from Stryker at the end of 2007, and the opening of the Homer Stryker Center is a fitting capstone to his career. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Ron for working tirelessly to
5
  
                 How Stryker Makes a Difference
Advancing meaningful innovation
By listening to customers,
investing in R&D and making strategic acquisitions
Creating cost-effective solutions
By simplifying, designing for efficiency and providing high levels of service
Improving people’s lives
By focusing on patient outcomes and safe, productive healthcare environments
We have the flexibility to make deliberate choices about future directions. We can afford to
be patient and take advantage of the best opportunities.
ensure the successful integration of Stryker and Howmedica, ably heading many of our businesses over the last 10 years and nurturing the Homer Stryker Center from concept to reality. We are all indebted to Ron for his exceptional leader- ship, and our future success will be built on the foundation that he helped create.
A Deep Bench of Talent
The end of 2007 marked a transition in our International Group as Luciano Cattani took on the new role of executive vice president of international public affairs. After joining us in 2001 as vice president in our Europe division, Luciano contributed significantly to making us a more globally minded company as president of Stryker International for the last few years. We have tapped Stryker veteran Andrew Fox-Smith to lead International, a promotion that demonstrates the depth of the Company’s talent and our ability to create seam- less transitions. Andrew began his Stryker career in our United Kingdom/Ireland/South Africa operation and for the past several years headed Stryker Pacific, where he was instrumen- tal in starting our new Global Technology Center in India.
Looking Ahead
While we are pleased that 2007 was a very strong year for Stryker, we prefer not to dwell on past achievements. By the time you read this letter, 2007 will be a distant memory, and we will be fully immersed in the challenges and excitement of 2008. We know that our industry is a dynamic one, and today we are identifying and preparing for new opportuni- ties so that we can continue to deliver no matter what the future brings. Against this backdrop, our key goals for 2008 may look familiar:
1. Double-digit sales growth
2. Operational excellence—with a goal to significantly
strengthen our quality systems
3. 20% EPS growth
As we pursue this forward-looking course, we thank
you for your continuing investment and support and look forward to reporting back to you at this time next year.
Sincerely,
Stephen P. MacMillan
President and Chief Executive Officer
 6
   