To Our Shareholders:
I am extremely pleased to report to you that in 2000, Stryker successfully completed the integration process that has been our focus since the acquisition of Howmedica in December 1998. It is equally gratifying to note that we also returned to our historical rate of growth. When we acquired Howmedica, we announced our intention to be back at 20 percent or better net earnings growth in 2000. Not only did the Company get back on the 20 percent track in 2000, but we did so with profit growth that makes up for the strategic detour of 1998 and 1999. With this return to the Stryker Gold Standard, we have delivered the equivalent of 24 years of growth at the rate of 20 percent or higher.
Now that the integration is complete, the Company is larger in all dimensionsÑa more forceful presence in the marketplace, with broader and deeper product lines, more employees and higher revenues. We com- pleted the year with strong cash flow and an improving balance sheet due to accelerated debt repayment, generating cash flow from operations of $332 million and reducing debt by $275 million. For the year ending December 31, 2000, StrykerÕs net sales increased 9 percent, to $2,289 million. Net earnings for the year were $221 million. Excluding nonrecurring items, net earnings increased 37 percent, to $220 million.
A year of accomplishment
The excellent year we experienced in 2000 was the result of our concentration on business fundamentals and the efforts of our management team. I would like to take this opportunity to comment on some of the spe- cific achievements of the year.
Howmedica Osteonics, our orthopaedic implants division, recorded a strong performance, with double- digit sales growth in the United States. This division also began the consolidation of its New Jersey opera- tions for greater productivity. I would like to commend Ned Lipes, Group President of Howmedica Osteonics, for guiding the division through the integration and the subsequent operations improvements.
Stryker Spine, our global spine business, is responsible for StrykerÕs fastest growing product line, and these spine implants are doing particularly well in the United States, Europe, Japan and Pacific markets.
Our MedSurg Group continued its outstanding track record under the leadership of its president, Si Johnson. Stryker Instruments continues to set the best-in-class standard for surgical instruments in the markets we serve, and Stryker Endoscopy keeps on seizing opportunities for innovation with its Endosuites, operating room control and communication systems and advanced tools for less invasive surgical procedures.
Our physical therapy service business also had another successful year, benefiting from an operational strategy that meets the challenges of todayÕs health care marketplace.
>7

>8
Progress in international sales
We are pleased with the CompanyÕs progress in international sales, despite some unfavorable foreign currency situations. Europe, our most challenging market, is making headway in local currency, thanks to the exem- plary job that Ron Lawson, President of Stryker Europe, has done in leading the management team, build- ing sales organizations in individual country markets and strengthening ties with clinicians.
While our achievements in Japan have been tempered by government-mandated price reductions, under the leadership of Yoshi Nakazawa we have been able to blunt the impact through greater operating efficien- cies. Pacific markets have been encouraging, particularly Korea, and we are poised to take full advantage of emerging opportunities in China.
Prospects for the year ahead
Stryker looks to 2001 with enthusiasm. We anticipate approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (fda) early in the year for Howmedica OsteonicsÕ ceramic-on-ceramic hip system. Pending fda approval, this state-of-the-art system will be the first of its kind available in the United States. Its unique design has been winning broad acceptance internationally since its 1998 launch in Europe, Australia and Canada.
We recently achieved an important milestone for our bone growth factor op-1 as the European Union and Australia took the penultimate steps toward marketing authorization. We believe that we will receive full approval in Europe and Australia during the first half of 2001 for the use of op-1 in the treatment of specific nonunion fractures of the tibia. These approvals will be particularly significant because they will be the first granted for a biotechnology product specifically for an orthopaedic indication. In the United States, our pre- market approval (pma) filing for op-1 for the same clinical indication met with a setback in January 2001, when the fda recommended that we conduct a new clinical trial to support marketing approval. The Com- pany continues to believe in the safety and efficacy of op-1 in treating nonunion tibial fractures, and we are in discussions with the fda on how best to proceed. It is important to note that we are also pursuing addi- tional clinical trials for op-1 and expect to begin a pivotal spine fusion trial in 2001. We look forward to rewarding our shareholdersÕ patience and perseverance during the development of op-1 and to the benefits this product will provide to individual patients and to the advancement of science overall.
In 2001, we also expect to realize the potential of exciting new technologies and investments, such as the recently launched surgical navigation system from our Leibinger division.

Operations improvements
Throughout the Company, we made tremendous progress in increasing service levels in our manufacturing plants through careful monitoring and operations improvements. Now nearly all our plants have attained or are within close reach of the service levels of the Howmedica Osteonics and Stryker Instruments facilities, which have put Stryker on the honor roll of IndustryWeek magazineÕs Best Plants twice in the last three years.
None of our accomplishments this year, or our expectations for the future, would have been possible without the skill and dedication of the employees in every facet of our business around the world. I want to thank each one of them for contributing to the completion of the integration and to the CompanyÕs excep- tional performance in 2000.
Sincerely,
John W. Brown
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
>9
 