LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
SYMANTEC ANNUAL REPORT 2002 1
Dear shareholders
Despite a challenging economic environment, fiscal 2002 was a year of remarkable accomplishments for our worldwide team. During one of the most destructive malicious code environments in the history of the security industry, a growing number of cus- tomers worldwide turned to Symantec as their trusted partner. Our performance far outpaced the technology sector and many of our competitors, allowing us to provide our customers with a whole new level of security when they need it most.
Together, our broad portfolio of award-winning security and administration tech- nologies and our diverse base of enterprise customers and individual consumers are at the heart of our ability to deliver consistent, predictable results. We expect these combined strengths to be an important factor in our continued success, even during these uncertain times.
fiscal year 2002 review As we celebrate our twentieth year of operation, Symantec surpassed the $1 billion revenue mark and achieved record pro forma results. Revenues grew 13% to $1.071 billion, with almost half of those sales coming from outside the U.S. Net income, excluding acquisition-related amortization and one-
time charges, grew 9% to $200.7 million and earnings per diluted share grew 11%
to $1.30. Deferred revenue grew 81% to $331 million and cash flow from operations generated $511 million. Going forward, our financial strength gives us the opportunity to drive our own destiny.
The enterprise security segment of our business grew 29%, shifting the mix of revenues by five points and accounting for 42% of total sales—well in line with expectations. We integrated our award-winning LiveUpdateTM technology into all of our high-end security solutions. This makes Symantec the only provider to deliver security updates directly to the desktop, gateway or server through a common, easy- to-use method. We also integrated our antivirus and content filtering technologies to enhance gateway and mail server protection with SymantecTM Web Security, which plugs the holes on a company’s network perimeter to block blended threats such as the Nimda worm.
We expanded our firewall appliance offering with a new appliance series aimed at small businesses; SymantecTM Firewall/VPN received PC Magazine’s Editor’s Choice award. And, we delivered SymantecTM Gateway Security, the first-of-its-kind, fully inte- grated security appliance that provides a simple solution to combat complex threats at the gateway. This advance in security integrates firewall, VPN, virus protection, content filtering and intrusion detection capabilities, demonstrating the value of our AXENT Technologies acquisition.
 
2
number of employees
 99 00 01 02
Our consumer products continue to lead in market share and command premium prices. Despite a challenging start, consumer revenue grew 14% in what was predicted to be a declining market. Symantec was the first to deliver XP-compatible products. Creative in-store promotions won us the prestigious “Vendor of the Year” award by Staples. We also delivered OEM products in 13 different languages, shipping on 35 million computers worldwide for the home and small office segments. Our products continue to receive top accolades from industry magazines.
Our 100 million customers around the world provide an early warning system for new security threats. Furthermore, the strength of our consumer support enhances our response capability for enterprise customers and underpins our overall support strategy.
operational highlights We launched our first-ever global brand campaign and established Symantec’s “People in Yellow” as recognizable leaders in enterprise security. We are identified as one of the most trusted brands in the industry—not only among security companies, but across the entire IT sector. In a study conducted by The Wall Street Journal, Symantec’s reputation in the software sector rose to #2.
We invested in our future by improving our own systems infrastructure to support a multibillion-dollar business. To ensure that we stay ahead of emerging security threats, we invested 15% of revenues in research and development. We continue to build strong customer relationships supported by a new CRM system and a more experienced enterprise sales force. I’m convinced the investments we’re making will not only show near-term results, but will position Symantec for future growth and increased customer satisfaction.
building an ecosystem of partners We continue to focus on increasing our technology and sales partnerships to better align business and growth plans and drive stronger customer relationships. We’re committed to providing our partners with the resources they need for success—training and certification to implement our complete product offerings. We have tens of thousands of partners worldwide and, in a very short time, have certified hundreds of them in 128 countries. Top-tier partners such as IBM and PriceWaterhouseCoopers are also an important part of our coverage strategy.
changing the rules of the game In this increasingly connected world, customers are struggling to protect hundreds of network servers, thousands of desktops and a vast array of mobile devices from new security threats. The complexity of the information flowing from numerous security products has customers longing for an easy-to-manage
2,411 2,573
3,781
3,910

600
500
400
300
200
100
0
cashflow from operations
in millions
deferred revenue
in millions
SYMANTEC ANNUAL REPORT 2002 3
          99 00 01 02
99 00 01 02
solution that gives them a unified view of their network’s security status. To that end, Symantec is altering the way companies protect themselves from Internet attacks. We are developing an integrated approach with a tangible payoff: more robust security with lower cost of ownership.
Tighter coordination is the new paradigm for effective defense. Symantec’s ability to integrate core security technologies with a single deployment of timely updates is what differentiates us. Our management system will not only consolidate security data from Symantec solutions, but will collect information from other vendors’ products to give customers a holistic view of their security environment. We are also delivering an integrated solution for the enterprise desktop that combines intrusion detection, fire- wall and virus protection with optional VPN capability.
response is a key differentiator The true value of a security solution is measured when the inevitable outbreak occurs. Customers expect rapid response and tools that protect all tiers of the network. Our world-class security response team supports customers around the world on a 24/7 basis, sends alerts, posts new software updates and provides repair tools to clean up the damage caused by the growing number of new threats.
As the frequency and complexity of threats continue to grow, the depth and breadth of Symantec’s product portfolio positions us to serve the needs of customers better than anyone else in the security segment. As companies use more e-business applications across networks and more individuals connect to the Internet, we are uniquely positioned to take advantage of the long-term growth potential that lies ahead. I look forward to sharing another year of successes with you as we lead this industry to new heights. Our entire team appreciates your continued support.
John W. Thompson
chairman of the board and chief executive officer
 $123.5 $224.2
$56.0 $90.8
$324.5
$183.3
$511.2
$331.1
