Dear Fellow Shareholders:
 Cybersecurity continues to be the highest priority for consumers, enterprises,
and governments worldwide, and Symantec remains critical to meeting their
challenges. Nearly 317 million new pieces of malware were created in 2014, and no
organization is immune to these threats. In fact, hackers targeted five out of six large
companies with spear-phishing attacks in 2014, a 40% increase over the prior year.
During the same period, ransomware attacks increased 113%, threatening the
livelihoods of consumers and small businesses with costly interruptions – a threat
from which Symantec and Norton customers are protected. In addition, malware has
become increasingly sophisticated. For instance, up to 28% of all malware was
“virtual machine aware” in 2014, making it more challenging for security professionals to detect these threats using traditional payload detonation techniques.
Several secular trends are accelerating innovation in the security market. The rapid shift to mobile and cloud-based workloads has driven a resurgence in Symantec’s endpoint protection and data loss prevention businesses even as they render perimeter security less relevant. The migration of enterprise data and applications to the cloud, a scarcity of cybersecurity professionals, and increased government and regulatory attention on cybersecurity are also creating significant market opportunities for Symantec.
We have one of the strongest security franchises in the world because we see more, analyze more, and therefore defend against more cyber threats than any other company, protecting 175 million endpoints, scanning 30% of the world’s enterprise email traffic per day, and deploying 57.6 million attack sensors in 157 countries. With nearly 4 trillion rows of telemetry growing by 100 billion rows per month, we operate the largest civilian threat database in the world. Our new security strategy, which we call “Unified Security”, leverages this database to find and stop more threats before they affect our customers. Many of our customers are telling us that they have never needed Symantec more.
With a strong market position at the nexus of these trends, we have the resources and expertise to extend our lead in the cybersecurity industry. I could not be more excited about these opportunities and am confident we have the right team in place to execute our strategy.
STRATEGIC AND OPERATIONAL FOCUS DROVE PROGRESS
We made critical progress in our multi-year transformation during fiscal year 2015. In May 2014, we set five key priorities, including: 1-managing our businesses as a portfolio and optimizing certain businesses for margin; 2-prioritizing investments for growth; 3-growing revenue and improving efficiencies through eight initiatives; 4-attracting talent to our executive team; and 5-returning significant cash to shareholders. In October 2014, we announced distinct strategies for our security and information management businesses along with our decision to separate these businesses so each could be more focused and flexible in the execution of those strategies.
We improved our profitability by 50 basis points on a constant currency basis and delivered non- GAAP1 revenue of $6.5 billion. By managing our Norton segment for margin, we expanded its non-GAAP operating margin from 45% in fiscal 2014 to 53% in fiscal 2015. We increased our non-GAAP R&D spending by $89 million and shifted R&D dollars to focus on growth areas, delivering more than 50 enterprise security and information management products in fiscal 2015. We hired five new executives, who bring valuable skills in analytics, backup and recovery software, sales, security, strategy, and human
1 results are reconciled to GAAP on page 4
1

resources. We generated $1.31 billion in cash from operations, an increase of 2% year-over-year, and returned $913 million of cash to shareholders. Actions by our Board of Directors to authorize an additional $1.0 billion stock repurchase program in February 2015, to increase this program by a further $1.5 billion in August 2015, and to maintain our $0.15 quarterly dividend, greatly increasing our dividend payout ratio post separation, underscore our continued commitment to returning cash to shareholders.
SEPARATING OUR INFORMATION MANAGEMENT BUSINESS
One of the most important decisions we made in fiscal 2015 was separating Symantec into two independent, industry-leading companies to increase focus, reduce complexity, and enhance our strategic flexibility. The pace of innovation in both the security and information management markets has dramatically accelerated. We believe two standalone companies will better address the rapidly growing innovation opportunities in their dynamic markets. In cybersecurity, the frequency, complexity, and impact of threats have markedly increased. Customers require real-time intelligence at a global scale, instantly translated into proactive protection for each organization and user. In information management, data continues to grow at an exponential rate, and managing it is becoming more complex. Customers require cost-effective, resilient and reliable management of their information. We are confident that by separating from our information management business, our security business will have the right focus to grow and deliver shareholder value.
ACCELERATING INNOVATION IN OUR SECURITY BUSINESS
Our security strategy consists of the following: 1-deliver a unified security analytics platform that provides big data analytics, utilizes our vast telemetry, provides visibility into real-time global threats, and powers Symantec and third-party security applications; 2-leverage this analytics platform to provide best- in-class consumer and enterprise security software; and 3-offer cybersecurity services that provide a full- suite of services from monitoring to incident response to threat intelligence supported by over 500 cybersecurity experts and nine security response centers.
Consumer Security: In fiscal 2015, we expanded our Norton operating margin by streamlining our operations through business simplification and cost reduction. Going forward, the Norton organization is focused on initiatives to mitigate revenue declines while maintaining our current profitability. These initiatives include: 1-increasing customer acquisition by refining our marketing messaging and optimizing our pricing for our premium service offering; 2-migrating existing consumers from an annual renewal to our cloud-based subscription offering; 3-boosting customer retention rates by improving the user experience throughout the customer lifecycle; and 4-expanding distribution channels through telcos and other service providers.
Enterprise Security: During fiscal 2015, we returned endpoint protection to market growth on a constant currency basis, continued to take share in data loss prevention, established a strong presence in incident response services, and reallocated investments to growth areas such as threat protection, information protection and cybersecurity services.
• In threat protection, we shipped the first two of our Advanced Threat Protection solutions in May 2015: the ATP: Network appliance and ATP: Email. By early fall, we expect to deliver our ATP: Endpoint offering. These solutions provide integration of the endpoint, email and network control points and leverage the combined intelligence of our unified security analytics platform to provide one of the industry’s first automated solutions to prioritize incidents.
• In information protection, our flagship data loss prevention (DLP) offering is the industry leader with nearly twice the market share of our closest competitor. In the December 2014 quarter, we launched two new DLP cloud solutions: DLP for Cloud Email to work with Microsoft Office 365 Exchange and
2

DLP for Amazon Web Services. And in June 2015, we released DLP 14, which will help us realize our
vision of protecting data regardless of where the data resides – on premise, in transit or in the cloud. • In cybersecurity services, our broad service offerings cover the full attack lifecycle before, during,
and after a breach. Our focused Incident Response service has engaged more than 120 customers within a year of its launch. We expanded both the breadth and depth of our services by launching new Incident Response Retainer and Simulation services. In the June 2015 quarter, we introduced our CyberOne offering, which combines our Intelligence, Monitoring, and Incident Response services into a single comprehensive offering.
DEMONSTRATING OUR COMMITMENT TO CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
In fiscal 2015, our Corporate Responsibility program focused on diversity and inclusion, community investments, environmental performance, and the sustainability of our supply chain. We developed a multifaceted approach to increase and measure diversity, resulting in a 4% gain in overall workforce diversity. Our community investments included cash contributions of $5.4 million and software program donations worth $25 million to over 25,000 organizations in 38 countries. Employees volunteered nearly 30,000 hours and Symantec gave over $600,000 in employee matching grants. With the Symantec Foundation, we also launched the Symantec Cyber Career Connection to provide cybersecurity training and career opportunities for underserved young adults while helping to address the global workforce gap and meet the critical needs of our customers. On the environmental front, we reduced our greenhouse gas emissions from business travel by 36%, while we held emissions related to other energy use constant as compared to the previous year. Lastly, we continued our investigation into the chain of custody and source of minerals we use in our products to verify they are “conflict-free”.
UNLOCKING SHAREHOLDER VALUE
Fiscal year 2015 marked a turning point for Symantec, and we are accelerating our transformation in fiscal 2016. As a focused cybersecurity company, we are poised to extend our lead in the security industry. Our robust product pipeline, new product adoption by our global installed base, our capable and committed management team, and improving sales force execution make us confident that we’ll grow our enterprise security business in the second half of fiscal 2016. We expect to unlock further value in fiscal 2017, with our streamlined and independent cybersecurity business driving accelerated growth through new offerings, expanding operating margin, and generating significant cash flow. We are excited about our future and the opportunities that lie ahead. We want to thank our customers, employees, and partners for their continued commitment to our business.
We appreciate your continued support as shareholders.
Michael Brown
President and Chief Executive Officer
 3
