 Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Fiscal 2000’s record-breaking results are a testament to the dedication and enthusiasm of our employees around the world — and also to the support and encouragement of our valued customers and shareholders.
Last year, we pledged to refocus our attention on our traditional core competencies of building security and connectivity-related solutions. We vowed to shift resources to meet the ever-growing needs of the enterprise community while maintaining our leadership position in the consumer markets. Our invest- ments are paying off. Symantec has emerged as an undisputed leader in providing Internet security for individuals and businesses worldwide. But, there is much more to do.
The results of Symantec’s landmark year, punctuated by strong growth in all areas, speak for them- selves: revenues increased 26% from fiscal year 1999 to 2000, from $592.6 million to $745.7 million. We reported net income of $170.1 million, or $2.73 per diluted share, compared to $50.2 million, or $0.86 per diluted share, last year. And, during the year, we shipped approximately 50 million units of our products around the world.
This solid performance was due in part to our aggressive strategy of promoting solutions globally. In fact, sales outside of North America grew 41% and accounted for 41% of this past year’s total sales. The Asian markets experienced accelerated growth; European sales were solid. Symantec’s reach expanded into India, China, Spain and Eastern Europe, and we expect strong worldwide growth for the coming year as well.
During the year, we focused on three key areas: business strategy, attracting and retaining talent, and superior execution.
Business Strategy. We aligned investments with our enterprise focus by targeting the high-growth areas of Internet security: content and network security. According to market research firm, IDC, these are the largest and fastest growing segments of the security software market, with growth projected at over 30% and 40%, respectively, in the next three years. By 2003, combined sales for these segments are expected to reach $5 billion.
To broaden our Internet security offerings, we acquired two leading firms, URLabs® and L-3 Network SecurityTM. URLabs’ technologies and award-winning products deliver e-mail and Internet scanning and filtering solutions to protect customers by blocking unauthorized or inappropriate content. The tech- nologies and products we acquired from L-3 Network Security enable customers to assess, manage and monitor network vulnerability levels and assist in security planning and design. In addition to these acquisitions, we licensed personal firewall technology from WRQ® to incorporate added security protec- tion in our products for individuals and businesses.
As we grew our security business, we also divested product lines that fell outside our core competencies. On December 31, 1999, we sold our Visual CaféTM and ACT!TM product lines.
0{ 03
   
 04 }0
Talent. Building and delivering products and services that allow customers to feel secure in their use of the Internet requires a knowledgeable and experienced team of experts. In today’s very com- petitive market for talent, attracting and retaining highly skilled employees is critical. Our track record is outstanding.
The acquisition of URLabs and L-3 Network Security resulted in more than just expanding our port- folio of offerings, it gave Symantec a dramatic infusion of highly skilled security professionals. We are pleased that virtually all of these important contributors have stayed with Symantec. In addition, we launched a professional services team dedicated to helping enterprise customers build secure networks in today’s increasingly complex Internet environment. To extend that expertise to cus- tomers worldwide, we are attracting a global network of security partners certified in security implementation, training and support.
In the past year, over 70% of the management team is new to our company or to their position, bring- ing with them a wealth of security, development, marketing, sales and service experience. We are pleased all of these highly skilled professionals share our excitement about the unique strengths of our company, and we are determined to continue to offer creative, flexible and competitive com- pensation and benefit packages to attract and keep world-class talent.
Execution. A focused business strategy and highly talented people are only the beginning. In the end, success comes from making things happen. Our core consumer business maintained a solid growth rate of 15% for the fiscal year. We attribute this to the continual improvement of our prod- uct offerings and innovative solutions to customer problems. By introducing Norton Internet SecurityTM, we created an entirely new category of software for personal Internet security. This suite combines a personal firewall, content filtering and virus protection and has ranked in the top 10 for best-selling business software for several months.
We paid the same attention to building industry-wide relationships. Because of our significantly expanded partnerships with major PC suppliers, Symantec technology now reaches an even greater number of individuals. We currently work with all major PC suppliers, displacing competitive security providers on certain desktop and portable PC product lines at Dell®, Micron®, Gateway® and Toshiba®.
Symantec continues to gain headway in the enterprise security market, which accounted for 45% of total revenues in fiscal 2000 and grew 42% from the previous year. Our long and impressive list of worldwide enterprise customers has surged and now includes Bank of America®, SmithKline Beecham®, Deutsche Bank®, Georgia-Pacific® and Sprint PCS®, to name only a few.
John W. Thompson
  
Our e-Support tools, Norton GhostTM and pcAnywhereTM, continue to lead the remote management market. These solutions allow administrators to manage and support software in a global environment. By pro- viding tools that are needed for remote deployment, we continue to help customers stay connected and productive no matter where they are.
Looking Forward. As we begin fiscal 2001, we are at the forefront of this emerging industry.
Whether the threat is a new, fast-spreading virus such as “I Love You,” a software agent planted to steal personal information or a hacker trying to get into “always on” computer systems, millions of users turn to Symantec for help. And, although security has yet to become a major concern for users of hand- held devices, our Symantec Research Center has already created prototype software to protect PalmTM and other access device users even before the first virus attacks.
As more people and small businesses turn to service providers for Internet access or applications over the Internet, they expect secure solutions. Recently announced contracts with Yahoo!®, where we pro- tect 38 million users from malicious attacks, and with BrightmailTM, Inc. and Tele DanmarkTM Internet Service help our products permeate this service provider market. Earlier this year, we created a group within Symantec with the sole purpose of developing carrier-class products built on our core technolo- gies and selling them to a wide range of Internet service providers. This is the next step in our market coverage strategy: to be wherever customers want to buy our technology — in stores, over the Inter- net, through service providers or in enterprise environments.
Although we are pleased with our accomplishments this year, we all know this is only the beginning. This year saw a significant increase in cyber crime, elevating Internet security to a global concern. Our cus- tomers tell us we are at the right place at the right time. They are looking to Symantec to provide the pure confidence they want in their daily use of the Internet.
Our direction for next year is clear — growth and speed. We greatly appreciate your support and look forward to continued success in fiscal 2001.
Sincerely,
John W. Thompson
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
0{ 05
  