 LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Shareholders,
Fiscal 2005 was another tremendous year for Symantec. We continued to execute our core strategy: ensuring information integrity across
a broad range of environments. We integrated five acquisitions and grew our business organically
by launching powerful new products and services. And, we announced our intent to merge with VERITAS. We believe combining the leaders of security and storage management will position Symantec to help our customers build a resilient infrastructure, manage complex network environ- ments, and reduce risk.
Evolving Security Threat Environment
Today’s evolving security threat environment is as dangerous as it has ever been. Symantec’s Internet Security Threat Report—the most comprehensive gauge of the cyberthreat landscape—found that malicious code that exposed confidential informa- tion made up 54% of the samples in the past six months, up 10% from the previous six months. We documented about 1,400 new vulnerabilities,
almost $2.6 billion in fiscal 2005, and produced record earnings. Non-GAAP1 earnings per share grew 47% to $0.87 per share. Our deferred revenue for
the fiscal year grew nearly $360 million, an increase of 37%, and we ended the year with $3.2 billion in cash and short-term investments. As we move into fiscal 2006, our overall financial health has never been stronger.
Our tenacious commitment to customer-driven solutions fueled results that surpassed our expecta- tions. During fiscal 2005, we booked almost 1,350 enterprise deals greater than $100,000—that’s 64% more than we booked in fiscal 2004. The number
of million-dollar deals increased 85%. Our strategy of providing customers with a breadth and depth of integrated security and availability products has been instrumental to these successes.
Boosting Consumer Confidence in a World
of Increasing Risk
The Consumer segment was the star performer again this year, growing 51% to $1.3 billion in
 Our global sales team produced another year of remarkable results generating double-digit revenue growth in all major geographies.
or gaps in programming code, that attackers can exploit. That’s an astounding 58 new vulnerabilities every week. The majority of them were of moderate or high severity and almost half of them occurred in Web applications. With our breadth of offerings and track record of success, we believe no company is better positioned than Symantec to protect enterprises and individuals against these threats.
Another Year of Record Financial Performance
Our global sales team produced another year of remarkable results generating double-digit revenue growth in all major geographies. Following a very strong fiscal 2004, Symantec grew revenue 38% to
revenue. We shipped almost 26 million packaged products in addition to the tens of millions of electronic transactions we conducted with customers around the world.
Over the past 20 years, Symantec has built an extensive network of channel partners providing us with
the broadest customer reach of any company in the industry. Sales of our integrated product suite, Norton Internet Security,TM grew nearly 100%—evidence that consumers are gravitating towards integrated, multi- function security solutions. There is no doubt that the Norton brand provides our customers—hundreds of millions of PC users worldwide—confidence so
1 Non-GAAP results are reconciled to GAAP results on the inside front cover.
   SYMANTEC 2005 ANNUAL REPORT 3

 they can live, learn, create, and play in a connected world. We are more committed than ever to strengthening our Norton brand with consumers around the world.
Helping Enterprises Build a Resilient Infrastructure
Our presence in the corporate world is equally strong— our enterprise revenue grew 27% to $1.3 billion in fiscal 2005. Enterprise customers chose Symantec products and services to secure and manage their IT infrastructures and ensure compliance with evolving regulatory requirements.
acquisitions of LIRIC and @Stake. We expanded our Managed Security Service to support even more security devices. Recently we launched the Symantec Systems Continuity Service, which identifies secu- rity, network, and storage risks. Our consultants provide detailed action plans and policy recommen- dations helping customers to rapidly recover from unforeseen systems attacks while maintaining continuous availability.
The Next Step: Solving Business Problems
In today’s digitally connected world, there are few challenges more significant than protecting and
 We must deliver security and availability solutions that address complexity, cost, and compliance issues across our customers’ entire network environment.
Our enterprise security segment remains the largest enterprise group, growing 26% during the year. Enterprise antivirus solutions continued
to be the most significant contributor to the mix. Through last year’s acquisition of Brightmail, we added market-leading antispam solutions to our integrated security offerings and we recently added antispyware technology to our offerings. In addition, our unique products, such as Symantec Enterprise
TM
Security Manager, are gaining momentum as companies
in highly regulated industries, like financial services and health care, turn to Symantec for help in meeting evolving regulatory compliance requirements.
In the past 18 months, our Enterprise Administration team integrated the advanced technology capabilities we acquired from PowerQuest and ON Technology to create the LiveStateTM Recovery platform, which helps companies get their systems back up and running after a disaster. This successful integration further strengthens our proven track record of taking new technologies and teams and weaving them into the fabric of Symantec to create even more compelling customer offerings. The Enterprise Administration segment grew 29% in fiscal 2005.
Our Services segment posted growth of 35% during the year, propelled by contributions from our
efficiently managing information. Information
is nothing less than the lifeblood of customers’ operations—even the global economy. Information is under increasing attack and its integrity is being compromised—not just from worms, viruses, and hackers, but also from an array of new cyberthreats including spam, spyware, and phishing. We must protect information differently. It is not enough to make information secure, we also need to ensure that information is always available. Information is the currency of our age, and as such, it is invaluable. Unlike a disk, server, or laptop, information is not replaceable.
Today’s dynamic businesses are challenged to find ways to secure the gathering, dissemination, and storage of information, optimize its performance and make it available—with less money, fewer people, and fewer resources. Companies must do this while finding ways to standardize and balance the complexity associated with managing the flow of information and regulatory compliance.
From our beginnings in the content security business to our introduction of the industry’s first integrated security appliance, we have provided customers with innovative and effective solutions to real-world security challenges.
   4 SYMANTEC 2005 ANNUAL REPORT

     BE FORWARD INNOVATE
       
   Looking forward, data security and availability must be intertwined. Together, security and availability solutions need to address the complexity, cost, and compliance issues that customers’ face. Solutions must deliver integrated infrastructure management, not just integrated security. Importantly, these solutions must be available across a wide range of network environments.
Today, we offer systems and disaster recovery and patch management solutions predominately in the Windows environment. However, in order to better serve large enterprise customers, we are working to provide a truly integrated infrastructure management solution across all platforms.
A Merger of Leaders
It was out of this desire to fulfill customer needs that the merger with VERITAS was born. This merger marries the market leaders in security and storage. Symantec provides the broadest security solutions and the addition of VERITAS brings
a wide range of availability offerings. The combined company will help customers bounce back from disruptions when they occur and continuously optimize performance.
The combination of Symantec and VERITAS creates a software company of significant scale and global reach. Independently, each company is a category leader. Together the combined company will
be uniquely positioned to not only extend those leadership positions, but also to define new markets and bring together security and storage in new and compelling ways.
Immediately following the completion of the merger, our customers can expect to see product solutions and general product interoperability in three areas: resilient infrastructure, email management, and regulatory compliance. Within six to 12 months, we’ll have a common user interface and common licensing. Then, we’ll get into deeper integration, with new functionality based on combined features and a common architecture. To be sure, the combined company will draw from the best practices of
both Symantec and VERITAS.
Building a Global Leader
While significant challenges lie ahead, we believe that by building on the combined strengths of Symantec and VERITAS, no other company is more strongly positioned. And, no team is more excited about the prospects and possibilities.
We believe we have the depth and breath in our solution portfolio and the talent on our team to engage with customers and win. The successes of the past 12 months, and the excitement we see as our team plans for the coming year and beyond, gives us confidence we can execute on our plans and succeed.
On behalf of the board, we want to acknowledge the tremendous efforts of our employees and partners around the world and thank our customers for another stellar year of growth. And, we would like to thank our investors for their continued faith and confidence in our ability to lead Symantec into a new era. We look forward to 2006 with immense optimism.
Sincerely,
John W. Thompson Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
     3 SYMANTEC 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
    