 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
It’s very exciting for me to have the opportunity to lead Symantec and our talented employees as we enter a world where security and information management have never been more important to our customers. I believe our company has very strong assets; however, we’ve been underperforming against our opportunities and expectations. Our top priority is to improve our performance and create significant increases in long-term value for our shareholders.
During my first 120 days as CEO, the leadership team and I will be
working a two-pronged approach: 1) determining the right strategy to
leverage Symantec’s technology capabilities in order to accelerate our rate
of value creation; and 2) executing on decisions quickly to improve our company’s performance. We will pursue these actions using a business philosophy that I’ve used and refined over the past 30 years which includes: being in good businesses with strategies to win; engaging talented employees; delighting customers with innovative solutions; and driving revenue and profit growth.
After the initial 120-day period, we will share with you our go-forward strategy to win in the marketplace and our action plan to return Symantec to sustainable organic growth, higher margins, and return of excess cash to shareholders. We believe a strategy that generates a sustained organic growth rate of at least 5% and 30% in operating margins, coupled with returning excess cash to shareholders, is the best way to create long-term value for our shareholders.
We are starting with a blank sheet of paper and considering all options and opportunities in our commitment to delight customers, engage employees, and create long-term shareholder value. As with my prior CEO tenure, the appropriate structural changes will be made to align our company with our strategy and we are examining each of our businesses as to their future potential and fit. However, our eventual company structure will reflect our announced strategy, as we view operational improvements and structural adjustments as mutually reinforcing, not mutually exclusive. We believe that portfolio moves, either through acquisitions or divestitures, are tactics that complement a strategy; not a strategy in themselves.
Our strategy will accomplish our long-term objectives without losing sight of immediate opportunities for improvement. With that in mind, we plan to leverage savings from the elimination of existing redundancies to fund our growth initiatives. Finally, a commitment to returning cash to shareholders will be a central tenant of our announced objectives.
FISCAL 2012 REVIEW
In fiscal 2012, we reported record results for each of our key financial metrics and across all of our geographic territories. However, our financial performance was neither at our peak potential nor on our strongest path to create significant improvements in shareholder value.
• GAAP revenue totaled $6.73 billion up 6% year-over-year in constant currency
• Non-GAAP1 earnings per share were $1.61, up 13% year-over-year as reported
• Enterprise subscription sales grew 40% as customers increasingly choose
Software-as-a-Service solutions over traditional on-premise licenses
• GAAP deferred revenue was a record $3.97 billion, up 5% year-over-year in constant
currency, driven by the sales mix shift to subscriptions 1Non-GAAP results are reconciled to GAAP on page 4
1

• Cash flow from operations was $1.9 billion, up 6% year-over-year as we continue to generate strong cash flows
• We closed the year with $3.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents representing 9% year- over-year growth
• We returned $893 million to shareholders, buying back over 50 million shares of our common stock
SEGMENT RESULTS
Consumer: Maintaining leadership in PC security, while defining new mobile and cloud opportunities. Our Consumer segment has grown year-over-year for 15 consecutive quarters to date. In fiscal 2012, it grew 5% in constant currency to $2.1 billion. Our consumer security solutions continue to lead in their markets, driven by upselling to higher value solutions and best-in-class products, winning over 250 awards in the past 2 years. In fiscal 2012, we launched Norton One and Norton 360 Everywhere, our multi-device suites, allowing customers to safely move their information between their PC, Mac, tablet, and mobile device. Our mobile solutions continue to surpass expectations, ranking among the top grossing apps in the nascent consumer mobile security market and earning 4.4 stars in the Google Play Android marketplace. Our cloud backup and support services also continued to exceed expectations as the largest contributor to consumer growth. Norton Online Backup now protects the data of over 14 million subscribers and NortonLive continues to generate revenue as well as valuable cross-selling of our security products.
Security and Compliance: Next generation protection solutions ensure security stays ahead of emerging threats. Our enterprise security solutions maintained momentum with solid performances across the portfolio. Our Security and Compliance segment grew 17% in constant currency to $1.9 billion in fiscal 2012. Symantec Endpoint Protection 12, our award- winning endpoint protection solution, provided the catalyst for multiple competitive displacements in a highly competitive market. Our data loss prevention (“DLP”) and authentication businesses continued their strong growth, as CIOs choose content-aware solutions that protect information and access without impeding employee productivity.
We also made important progress on our internally developed “security for the cloud” solution, O3. Phase 1 was launched in the March quarter. O3 enables secure cloud adoption by providing the same level of information protection whether within the corporate network or through a cloud-based application.
In addition, we delivered an enterprise mobility solution to support the growing “Bring Your Own Device” trend. Our forthcoming enterprise mobility suite will offer customers device and application management, data loss prevention and compliance capabilities in a single integrated solution.
Storage and Server Management: Enabling organizations to use virtualization technologies and the cloud to lower IT costs and confidently backup, recover, archive, and discover information. Our Storage and Server Management segment grew 2% in constant currency to $2.4 billion in fiscal 2012. Growth was driven by our information management businesses which grew 7% in constant currency to $1.6 billion. Our information management products help protect and archive business data for both physical and virtual machines using integrated market leading capabilities. Symantec V-Ray technology further extends our leadership in virtualized environments. V-Ray is embedded in our backup products and gives IT administrators increased visibility into backup images across physical and virtual environments. Growth in our backup business was also driven by the excellent performance of
2

our integrated backup appliances, allowing customers to address both their backup hardware and software needs all from a single trusted vendor. To further extend our intelligent information management businesses, we acquired Clearwell and LiveOffice during fiscal 2012, thereby adding integrated eDiscovery and cloud-based archiving capabilities.
Our storage and availability management business helps organizations accelerate the utilization of virtualization and cloud adoption while reducing storage costs. This business declined 6% in constant currency to $780 million as the market continues to transition away from the Solaris and UNIX platforms. We are focused on the growing Linux and Windows environments and managing this business for maximum cash generation and profitability. In addition, we launched several solutions co-developed with VMware as enterprises increasingly virtualize their server environments.
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
Our emphasis on creating long-term value is enhanced by our corporate responsibility efforts, which present strategic opportunities to be more efficient with our resources and more effective in accomplishing our company’s mission. While we still continue to address
challenges, we are pleased with our progress in fiscal 2012 in three main areas: 1) developing a diverse work force including more participation of women; 2) investing nearly $24 million in software and cash to promote philanthropic initiatives relevant to our strategic priorities; and
3) launching the Norton Cyber Security Institute, a global effort to support victims of cybercrime. More information about these and our many related initiatives are available on our corporate responsibility site at www.symantec.com/corporate_responsibility.
THE REVOLUTION THAT LIES AHEAD
Our first objective is to fully vet and create a strategy to drive at least mid-single digit organic revenue growth and margin expansion on a sustained basis by leveraging our valuable assets. We will use a process developed during my 23 years at GE and applied, expanded, and refined in my eight years as CEO of Intuit. We will implement this blueprint as we manage Symantec and expect it will produce improved performance on a sustained basis. Our senior leadership team is excited and energized about the opportunity as we enter Symantec 4.0 and look forward to future discussions about our progress.
I want to thank our employees for their hard work and for such a warm welcome. I’m encouraged by their passion to help make Symantec the best company it can be. I would also like to thank our customers, partners, and shareholders for their continued support. I’m excited by our opportunities to accelerate performance and look forward to the work ahead.
Regards,
Steve Bennett
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
  3
