      To our shareholders,
1997hasbeen
a year of significant, healthy change for Symantec.
We are pleased to report that these changes are already having a positive effect throughout our entire organiza- tion, not least in the financial arena, where we ended the year with record revenue and profits.
Looking outwards...and inwards
In 1997, we rededicated ourselves to a single-minded goal: the delivery of value to our shareholders through sustained and profitable growth. To achieve this, Symantec committed to two strategic initiatives: first, making ourselves even more responsive to our most important constituency, our customers; and second, creating a winning atmosphere within our company by building excellence and rewarding results.
In implementing these initiatives, we re-examined every facet of our business operations, from the way we ship our products to the way we conduct our meetings. We wanted to see how we worked, why we did things the way we did, and, most important, how we could improve ourselves.
We have taken steps in the past year, for example, to develop an entirely new culture
—a new attitude—that is focused on understanding how our customers think and
work, the needs they have, and their desires for future products. Armed with this knowledge, we are already beginning to design and bring to market next-generation solutions.
Norton CrashGuard is a good example: seeing a customer need for a product that prevents system crashes and allows users to save their work, our product and marketing teams shortened the normal 6 to 12 month development cycle and delivered Norton CrashGuard in only 80 days. As a standalone product, and as part of the new Norton Utilities,
Norton CrashGuard has become one of our most successful and most popular products.
In our efforts to make Symantec a place where talented and motivated people enjoy working and are rewarded for their efforts, we are proud to say that we have already made enormous strides. Results are being felt in both our bottom line and in the attitudes of our employees.
   SYMANTEC CORPORATION 3
  
A refocused Symantec
One of the more important outcomes of our companywide evaluations has been a rearticulation of our business purpose. Symantec’s strategic vision reads:
“We make our customers productive and keep their computers safe and reliable. Anywhere. Anytime.”
This simple and direct statement sends a clear, unmistakable message to our customers, employees, shareholders, contractors, partners, and even our competitors about exactly what it is that we do. Far from trying to be everything to everybody, the Company has refocused our vision on the high-revenue growth opportunities that the Symantec customer has traditionally represented.
To keep focused on specific types of customer needs, Symantec sold its FormFlow product line, which was acquired as part of the Delrina acquisition, to JetForm Corporation. We also sold assets comprising the networking business unit to Hewlett-Packard Company. Both of these decisions are in keeping with our continuing focus on our longstanding customer base.
 A new way to look at the business
From an organizational standpoint, our new vision has led to the consolidation of our operations into three distinct business units: Security and Assistance, Remote Productivity Solutions, and Internet Tools.
Composed primarily of our Norton AntiVirus and Norton Utilities products, the Security and Assistance unit is dedicated to reducing the frustration and increasing the productivity of our customers by keeping their computers safe and reliable. While our antivirus products continued to experience impressive gains in 1997, our award-winning utilities products once again delivered steady growth, continuing a trend of recent years. Both of these product lines have recently won Editor’s Choice awards from PC Magazine as the best in their fields.
Our Remote Productivity Solutions business helps telecommuters, mobile professionals, and workers in small remote offices remain productive. Products such as WinFax PRO, pcANYWHERE, and ACT! enable these customers to access information, applications, and data no matter where they are—or when they need it. With leadership in each of the three markets represented by these products, Symantec is well positioned to integrate and grow with the quickly evolving communications market and to fulfill the needs arising from this evolution.
  4SYMANTECCORPORATION
   
  97
Symantec’s Internet Tools group provides a visual, robust, easy-to-use Java development environment. As an independent programming language, Java reaches across operating platforms, enabling programmers to write their programs only once. This lets them leverage their talents to much broader markets.
Because Java has now been adopted by all of the browser companies, we see a large market opportunity for these kinds of tools. With Java offering the potential to replace work that is today performed by both 3GL and 4GL languages, Symantec is poised to capitalize on our award-winning development tools and our “first-to-market” industry presence.
Together ahead
As I look back on this past year, I am gratified to see how far we have come. As a company,
we have made significant progress, building revenues and profitability while rekindling a spirit of working together to serve our customers.
19
 These changes leave me extremely optimistic for the opportunities that lie ahead for us.
We are in an everchanging business, in exciting times, with products that people simply can’t do without. It’s a good place to be.
Thank you for your continued support.
GORDON E. EUBANKS, JR.
President and Chief Executive Officer
   SYMANTEC CORPORATION 5
 