DEAR STOCKHOLDERS,
Symantec ended Fiscal 2007 on a strong note to close out what proved to be one of the most challenging fiscal years in our 25-year history. It was a year of transition marked by the implementation of several major, but necessary, changes in our operations as we continue to evolve our business. We believe we are now positioned for a more successful 2008.
2007 — A TRANSITION YEAR
One of the most significant changes was implemented on the first day of the new fiscal year when we integrated our enterprise sales teams. We aligned our model with a more typical industry approach that provides better account and opportunity coverage, while leveraging our broad product portfolio.
We also undertook a large scale business process and systems consolidation project, which integrated our two enterprise resource planning systems into a single enhanced system allowing us to implement new buying programs, drive operational efficiencies, and create a platform to improve the ease of transacting business with our customers and partners. This project was important as it provides the foundation for scaling our business and lowering our costs over time.
We also took action to better align our operating expenses with our revenue expectations and implemented several cost-saving initiatives. We have reduced new hiring throughout most of the company, reduced our employee base by 5 percent, lowered our spending on contractors, consultants, and travel-related expenses, and we continue our facilities consolidation activities around the world. We believe these actions will result in annu- alized cost savings of at least $200 million.
And finally, we fortified our strength at the endpoint with the acquisition of Altiris. We believe the combination of Symantec and Altiris will enable our customers to better manage and enforce security policies at the endpoint, identify and protect against threats, as well as remediate and manage IT assets. We are pleased with how swiftly we were able to close the transaction and with the progress we have made toward inte- grating Altiris into Symantec.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Fiscal 2007 was a tough year financially for Symantec. We achieved record revenue and earnings per share; however, these results were well below our initial forecast. Our deferred revenue grew faster than expected and cash flow from operations was strong. Given the recurring nature of our business model, deferred revenue and cash flow from operations are important metrics in measuring the overall strength of our business.
1

Non-GAAP revenue1 grew 5 percent to more than $5.25 billion, generating non-GAAP earnings per share1 of $1.01. Non-GAAP deferred revenue1 grew 19 percent to nearly $2.8 billion and we generated cash flow from operating activities of approximately $1.7 billion.
During the year, we took action to optimize our capital structure and increase our financial flexibility, with the issuance of $2.1 billion in convertible notes. Furthermore, we demonstrated our commitment to create shareholder value by repurchasing a total of $2.8 billion of our common stock.
CONFIDENCE IN A CONNECTED WORLD
Symantec celebrates its 25th anniversary this year. Looking ahead to the next 25 years, none of us can accurately predict what the IT industry will look like or how much more it will revolutionize our businesses or our lives. To seize the opportunities that lie ahead, people need confidence in the connected world. That’s why Symantec will continue to innovate to help large enterprises and governments manage cost, complexity, and compliance within their IT infrastructures, as well as continue to focus on securing the digital lifestyles of consumers around the world.
At Symantec, we are dedicated to delivering technologies and services that help our customers minimize IT risk, maximize IT performance, and create the opportunities for them to innovate and grow in ways they never even imagined. We believe that people should be able to work and play freely in the connected world. And to make that happen, one thing is essential: confidence.
Businesses need to be confident that they have the software and systems in place to keep data secure, to make information available when and where it’s needed, and to be able to get the most out of their investments in IT. Consumers also need to be confident that the information they are providing online, the interactions they are having, and the various devices they are using to do both are secure and reliable.
Earlier this year we launched Norton 360TM, an all-in-one security service. The Norton 360 product combines Symantec’s proven, industry-leading technologies for antivirus, anti-spyware, firewall, intrusion protection, anti-phishing, backup, and tuneup, elimi- nating the need to purchase and manage multiple products. This innovative product is getting very positive feedback from industry thought leaders, having received the prestigious Editor’s Choice awards from both CNET and PC Magazine.
WELL POSITIONED FOR FISCAL 2008
We believe we have entered fiscal year 2008 with the most difficult part of our trans- formation behind us and more importantly, we are much better positioned to deliver our market-leading security and availability products to our customers and partners around
1 Non-GAAP results are reconciled to GAAP results on the inside front cover. 2

the world. We’re also focusing on managing our diverse portfolio of products and striving for a better balance among revenue growth, operating costs, and margin expansion.
In 2008, we are focused on building stronger links between sales and marketing, tighter alignment between our product integration activities and better product launch quality. This year, we have a sales force that has had one full year operating as “one-team” under its belt. It understands the breadth and depth of our product portfolio. As a result, we have entered fiscal 2008 with a sales team that has built deeper relationships with many of our largest customers and so our focus now is on leveraging those relationships to deliver better returns.
There are a number of important growth drivers that will establish the foundation for not just this fiscal year, but the next few years.
First is SymantecTM Endpoint Protection 11.0, which integrates technologies from our leading antivirus, anti-spyware, endpoint firewall, zero-day protection, and network access control offerings, all managed through a single management platform. This comprehensive solution represents the successful integration of many Symantec and acquired technologies. The solution will not only deliver a more advanced approach to endpoint protection, but also address an important issue for our customers regarding agent proliferation and systems resource consumption. Customers continue to tell us they see value in operating with fewer vendors supporting their IT initiatives, and they’d like to see the real benefits of our integration actions.
Furthermore, compliance is an important part of our portfolio. During fiscal 2007 we launched compliance initiatives around both our Control Compliance Suite and
ESM products. As this year unfolds, you’ll see us combine ESM, a core product in Symantec’s portfolio with our Control Compliance Suite. This initiative will combine the strength of our agent-based and non-agent based compliance products, giving cus- tomers a choice of deployment approaches.
In the storage arena, a refresh of our market-leading offerings, combined with our ability to help customers standardize and simplify their data center infrastructure will strengthen our competitive position. Our standardization strategy has as its underpinning a focus on helping reduce the complexity and cost of managing large data centers.
We remain committed to building our Global Services offerings. After all, the most sophisticated software in the world is powerless without the right people implementing and managing it, without a strategy to guide it, and without an understanding of the best practices with which to utilize it. Drawing on the expertise of more than 1,200 profes- sionals worldwide, we can tailor solutions that meet an individual enterprise’s risk profile, performance goals, and budget.
And finally, in the consumer business, we believe there is a shift that is occurring whereby identity-based protection and protecting consumer-based information is becoming as important as protecting the device with which the consumer interacts. Our consumer
3

team will continue its focus on “out executing the competition” in both our product and marketing initiatives, as well as with our key channel partners.
STABILITY AND GROWTH
With the tremendous number of changes implemented during fiscal year 2007, we expect fiscal 2008 to be a year of greater stability and growth. I believe Symantec is a much stronger company today, largely due to the broad portfolio of award-winning technologies and our diverse base of enterprise and individual customers around the world. More than ever, our customers and partners are looking to Symantec for IT risk management solutions across a broad spectrum of operating platforms and we look forward to delivering on those expectations.
On behalf of the Board, I sincerely thank our employees for another year of tremendous effort. I also thank our partners and customers for their patience with and loyalty to Symantec. Lastly, I thank our stockholders for their support as Symantec continues to grow and evolve in the global competitive marketplace.
Sincerely,
  JOHN W. THOMPSON
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
4
