Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Fiscal year 2016 began a new era for Symantec. After completing the sale of Veritas and the acquisition of Blue Coat, we are now the world’s leading pure-play cybersecurity company protecting consumers, enterprises, and governments from an increasingly dangerous cyber threat environment. Below are some updates at Symantec that we would like to highlight for our shareholders:
Completed the Sale of Veritas and Returned Significant Cash to Shareholders: In February, we completed the divestiture of Veritas and received approximately $5.3 billion in after-tax cash proceeds. Our management team and Board believe proper capital allocation is key to maximizing long-term shareholder value, and we have demonstrated this with a consistent track record of returning capital through dividends and share buy backs. In fiscal year 2016, the Board declared and paid a special dividend of $4.00 per share (equaling approximately $2.7 billion), returned $1.9 billion through share buy backs, and continued to pay a quarterly dividend of 7.5¢ per share.
Acquisition of Blue Coat and Appointment of Greg Clark as CEO: On August 1, 2016, we completed the acquisition of Blue Coat for approximately $4.65 billion. Blue Coat is the leader in cloud security with number one market share in the secure web gateway segment. In its last fiscal year, ended April 30th, Blue Coat generated $755 million in non-GAAP revenue, growing 14% year-over-year. Following the close of the transaction, we appointed Greg Clark as CEO of Symantec. Greg, formerly the CEO of Blue Coat, brings significant leadership experience, deep security expertise, a long history of successful acquisition integrations, and a proven track record of delivering profitable growth at scale. We believe he is the right person to lead Symantec as we advance our position as the leader in cybersecurity.
Defining the Future of Cybersecurity: With Blue Coat, we believe we can help solve today’s biggest security challenges, including: (1) securing enterprises, governments, and consumers from advanced attacks, (2) protecting the mobile workforce that resides outside the network firewall, accessing cloud services and corporate data directly from a variety of devices, and (3) helping customers securely embrace the cloud as they increase the use of cloud-based applications and services. Combined, our product portfolio distinguishes us as one of the most strategic security players in the industry, with a portfolio of solutions that we estimate addresses over 50 percent of enterprise security budgets, or an approximately $40 billion of total addressable market.
Strategic Investment by Silver Lake Partners and Bain Capital: During fiscal 2016 and 2017, Silver Lake Partners and Bain Capital made strategic investments in Symantec totaling $1.75 billion in the form of convertible notes. We believe this is a strong vote of confidence in both our transformation as well as our future as the world leader in cybersecurity. We also announced that Ken Hao, managing partner and managing director of Silver Lake and David Humphrey, managing director of Bain and member of the board of directors of Blue Coat joined our Board. We are excited to have both contributing their deep expertise in technology and track record of creating value.
Leadership in Corporate Responsibility: We announced an ambitious environmental goal in fiscal 2016, pledging to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent by 2025. We confirmed our focus on diversity and inclusion, and continued our investment in the Symantec Cyber Career Connection (SC3) to help close the cyber security workforce gap while creating meaningful career paths for underrepresented young adults and veterans. Symantec remains committed to leading with strong values and to making the world a better and safer place.

Looking ahead, we are focused on reigniting growth for Symantec, improving our operating efficiency and defining the future of cybersecurity by intelligently protecting our customers from advanced attacks, protecting the workforce of the future, and helping customers embrace the cloud generation. Thank you for your continued support.
Regards, the Board of Directors of Symantec Corporation
Daniel H. Schulman, Chairman
 