Good things
comefromaclear,consistentvision. To Our Shareholders,
  If we were to characterize Sysco’s performance in fiscal 2012 in the fewest possible words, then we’d say: Providing value. Building trust. Transforming the business. Earning
a profit. Delivering on promises.
In short, we’d say our performance backed up our motto: “Good things come from Sysco.”
In fiscal 2012, Sysco continued to demonstrate an unyielding commit- ment to our customers. Our more than 47,000 associates accepted
the challenges and serviced our customers in an admirable manner, growing our North American market share by approximately one percent – in the midst of an economic recovery that remains uneven.
Keeping a company on sound financial footing is foundational to producing sustainable, profitable long-term growth. On the sales front, we registered a record $42 billion in revenues for the year, a 7.8 percent increase compared to fiscal 2011. That included a reported $1.9 billion in operating income and $1.90 earn- ings per share. We earned a 15 per- cent return on invested capital and provided $623 million in dividends to you, our shareholders. And, we took steps to position Sysco for future growth and expansion by obtaining $750 million in low-rate financing and renewing our revolving credit facility on favorable terms.
A solid financial performance is also an important part of the foundation that allows our associates to remain focused on our vision: to be our customers’ most valued and trusted business partner. The emphasis that we place on providing value creates ongoing opportunities to earn our customers’ trust. In turn, our custom- ers’ loyalty offers Sysco the opportu- nity to sustain financial health.
A vision, however, is only as good as the strategies and execution behind it. The five-point strategy that we developed to transform Sysco’s business through these challenging times still holds true. In line with that strategy, some of the good things
we accomplished in 2012 include:
• Profoundly enrich the experience
of doing business with Sysco –
To benefit our customers, we continued to refine our technology to ensure our customers can take advantage of user-friendly applica- tions, such as Sysco Market, which makes it easier for them to do busi- ness with Sysco. We also launched numerous products across various categories – produce, meat, sea- food, dry goods and more – includ- ing 14 new fresh and frozen seafood items under Sysco-branded labels that must pass the most comprehen- sive quality assurance standards in the foodservice distribution industry.
“We will focus our efforts
on three key strategic oppor- tunities: delivering profitable sustainable growth, improving our operating margins and optimizing our asset manage- ment in a manner that enhances cash flow.”
• Continuously improve productivity in all areas of the business –
In our warehouse and transporta- tion areas, our associates contin- ued down the path from preceding years to develop better processes to operate our equipment and fleet, which in the long run helps our people to work more safely and be more productive on the job. During 2012, we completed the installation of Sysco Transportation System,
or STS. This new technology scans each case as it is delivered to customers, improving customer service, reducing errors and making deliveries more efficient.
• Expand our portfolio of products and services by initiating a cus- tomer-centric innovation program – We introduced the ChefRef app for iPhones, iPads and Android phones to provide chefs and customers quick and easy access to recipes, cooking tips and descriptions
 2

  of Sysco-branded products. Also, our local-grow initiatives continued to expand in various parts of the country to provide customers and consumers additional local food options, for which we were recog- nized by Fast Company magazine as one of the nation’s Ten Most Innovative Companies.
• Explore, assess and pursue new businesses and markets –
Our 2012 acquisition of European Imports, Ltd. represented a strate- gic expansion into the specialty import products segment for Sysco. Also, our acquisition of Crossgar,
a leading privately owned foodser- vice supplier in Northern Ireland, will expand Sysco’s presence on the island and complement our 2009 acquisition of Pallas Foods.
• Develop and effectively integrate
a comprehensive enterprise-wide talent management process –
More than 80 percent of Sysco associates participated in the first-ever, enterprise-wide work climate survey – titled Sysco Speaks – in 2012, which provided valuable insights into the strengths of Sysco’s ability to engage and enable the workforce to achieve maximum performance.
Left
Manny Fernandez
Executive Chairman of the Board
RIGHt
Bill DeLaney
President &
Chief Executive Officer
It’s also important to note the experi- ences from our enterprise technology pilots in Arkansas and Oklahoma paved the way for a very successful deployment in East Texas. Because of this, we are moving forward with a market-based deployment approach that will allow us to accelerate the implementation of our technology platform across numerous operating companies in fiscal 2013.
These good things that occurred in 2012 are critical to our future. Our leadership team is committed and has laid out specific steps to suc- cessfully grow our business organi- cally and through acquisitions – as well as transform the business by deploying new technology systems, reducing our cost structure and low- ering product costs – in a manner that will enable us to deliver solid returns to our shareholders. We will focus
our efforts on three key strategic opportunities: delivering profitable sustainable growth, improving our operating margins and optimizing our asset management in a manner that enhances cash flow.
Are we there? Not yet, but we’re clearly on a well-defined path.
We close by pledging that our stakeholders can count on the fact that, collectively – as One Sysco –
our associates are committed to achieving success and fulfilling that vision of being our customers’ most valued and trusted business partner. In turn, we appreciate your confidence in us to bring truth to our motto: “Good things come from Sysco”.
Manny Fernandez
Executive Chairman of the Board
Bill DeLaney
President & Chief Executive Officer
September 27, 2012
  Sysco Corporation 2012 Annual Report
3
