 SYSCO CORPORATION
02PAGE
To Our Shareholders:
The review of any year should always begin with the recognition that our performance is a credit to our 47,800 associates, who are attuned to every detail, quick to respond to customers’ needs and make our success possible. Through their combined efforts we have forged a network of customers, SYSCO operations and suppliers that has proved mutually beneficial and sustainable over the long term. In our industry, it is the attention to every detail – in our own business, as well as our customers’ – that makes the difference in our success and theirs.
In fiscal 2004 SYSCO’s sales and earnings again reached new heights, posting gains for the 28th consecutive year. Sales for the 53-week year increased to $29.3 billion, a 12.2 percent increase over the $26.1 billion of 2003, and diluted earnings per share were $1.37, or 16.1 percent above the $1.18 earned last year. We continued to make efficient use of shareholders’ monies with Return on Equity reaching 38.7 percent and Return on Average Total Capital of 24.9 percent.
Our performance was particularly noteworthy in a year marked by considerable uncertainty in the foodservice industry. SYSCO’s product cost inflation, normally ranging from 1 percent to 3 percent, jumped to 5 percent at the beginning of the year and remained above that all year, resulting in 6.3 percent inflation for the year. This has proved difficult for our customers, who have been faced with choosing between raising menu prices, taking lower profits, lowering quality standards, or substi- tuting products. Our marketing associates’ ability to guide them through these difficult choices has been admirable, but we remain vigilant about the effects of prolonged product inflation.
Similarly, sustained higher fuel costs, while a small part of our expense structure, presented another challenge. Our operating companies met this obstacle by more efficient routing, fuller trucks and attention to minute detail, helping us continue to drive down expense ratios. Finally, the restaurant consumer exhibited signs of uncertainty during the year, which leads us to the conclusion that the foodservice industry did not grow as strongly this year as in the past. Thus our emphasis on growing our profitable customers’ businesses served us well, since firmly established restaurants are best positioned to react quickly to market changes.
Daily, we compete in markets throughout North America with thousands of other foodservice distributors, large and small, full-service and specialty distributors. Every day is a new day, another order, another delivery. Our more than 400,000 customers are expecting to receive, literally in many instances, “lunch on the truck.” Our warehouses ship approximately four million cases per day and orders for about 85 percent of those products will have been received yesterday and driven possi- bly 100 miles before arriving at their destinations – in good condition, on time and with 99-plus percent order accuracy.
Since attention to detail is imperative, we continuously strive to improve through benchmarking among our locations on hundreds of metrics, putting to use best practices that continue to raise performance levels. During fiscal 2004, we continued to see more warehousing and distribution efficiencies in our broadline companies that improved key expense metrics. The SYSCO Order Selector is now installed in 53 operating companies and pieces (or cases) per error improved approximately 13 percent over last year. In the distribution area, pieces per stop rose 6 percent, while lines per stop were 5 percent greater for the year, a measure of how many more items we are selling to customers and the greater variety of menu items customers are purchasing.

    While our business does not involve manufacturing products, it is more than simply taking customers’ orders and delivering cases. It is understanding their needs and what makes them successful, then giving them the tools to stay ahead of the trends – the innovative products, services and ideas to foster their creativity in ways that make our experiences as consumers all the more delightful.
We do this in a multitude of ways, ranging from improving customer relationships to creating a more efficient supply chain. One of our initiatives is a renewed focus on building customer relationships. A number of SYSCO operating companies have created Business Review and Business Development positions. In the Business Review function, sales specialists and operating company executive management meet with customers regularly, aside from routine sales calls, to review every- thing about their business – determining what works, what doesn’t, what customers need and what makes them truly satisfied. Business Development associates, on the other hand, are highly successful, very knowledgeable sales persons whose mission is to develop new business from high potential accounts being serviced by others. Both initiatives are producing measurable benefits.
Our National Supply Chain initiative, one of the most significant undertakings in our history, will play a crucial role in enhancing service to customers while providing competitive advantages to SYSCO. One facet involves building regional distribution centers to supply a dozen or more SYSCO warehouses in a given geographical region. The first of these, an 800,000-square-foot center under construction in Front Royal, Virginia, will begin receiving and shipping products in early calendar 2005. It will serve 14 operating companies and provide cost savings throughout SYSCO’s supply chain, allowing manufacturers to plan production more efficiently, enabling SYSCO to reduce facility expansions and providing customers access to a greater variety of product to diversify their menus.
Underpinning our focus on detail in every area of our business is our strong commitment to the consistent quality and safety of the products we distribute. We want consumers to continue to feel that the food supply in our country is the safest in the world and we are working with industry sources to help raise standards in the United States’ beef industry. We are also taking a leading role in supporting a new vision of agricultural practices to protect the land and environment for future generations through Integrated Pest Management (IPM) and Sustainable Agriculture standards that will be implemented nationwide by suppliers who produce SYSCO Brand canned and frozen fruits and vegetables for our customers.
In today’s business environment, corporate governance has assumed a more important role. In the past if a company was successful, its methods were not questioned. Today, investor confidence in other companies has been shaken and we are making a proactive effort to inform shareholders and respond to your needs on relevant corporate governance issues.
In the near term, we expect to be continually challenged by economic uncertainty. We are confident, however, that we have the people, the products and services, and the financial resources to continue to remain ahead of the trends in the foodservice industry and accomplish our mission to “Help Our Customers Succeed.”
Richard J. Schnieders Thomas E. Lankford
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer September 27, 2004
SYSCO CORPORATION
  PAGE 03
