To Our Stockholders
This year’s annual report looks different from the past few years. And for good reason: Your company is different. Actually, it is very different.
In November 2005, SBC Communications Inc. closed on its historic acquisition of AT&T Corp. to form the new AT&T Inc. This was the latest in a series of strategic investments in new technology, new markets and new products – combined with strong execution – that have transformed your company into a market leader. Today, AT&T is:
• No. 1 in wireless customers
• No. 1 in large-business customers • No. 1 in DSL broadband lines
• No. 1 in local access and long distance lines • No. 1 in data revenues
• No. 1 in directory publishing
Those are just a few of the reasons why Fortune magazine named the company America’s Most Admired Telecommunications Company in 2006.
The most visible change, of course, was our decision to adopt the widely recognized and respected AT&T brand for the combined company. While SBC was a great brand, AT&T was the right choice to position us as a premier global brand.
The acquisition of AT&T was momentous, but we did not allow it to distract us from executing well. Throughout 2005, we built strong momentum in operating performance both at AT&T Inc. and at our 60 percent-owned wire- less affiliate, Cingular Wireless, with growth in revenues, operating income and operating margins. We achieved these gains in what continues to be an intensely competitive marketplace for telecommunications services.
We have a great new company, with a 130-year history of innovation and a future filled with opportunity. So, it would be fair to ask what we are going to do with it.
First, we will ensure that we generate every benefit possible from this merger.
The acquisition was immediately accretive to adjusted earnings per share, excluding merger-related costs. And we now expect the synergies that will be realized from the merger will be even bigger than we first reported early last year. In 2006, we expect
to realize $600 million to $800 million of annual synergies, growing to $3 billion by 2008. We now estimate the net present value of these synergies is $18 billion –
20 percent greater than we originally estimated.
Second, we will continue to develop the most advanced and reliable networks, applications and services available anywhere in the world. That is what we do best.
The key to our latest transformation is Internet Protocol – or “IP,” the language of the Internet.
IP is revolutionizing how we gather and share information at work, listen to music or watch video at home and stay in touch with our families from the road. Add wireless to the equation and an airport terminal becomes your office, or a picnic table at a park becomes your living room.
2005 ANNUAL REPORT
 
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
   We were among the first to realize the power and possibilities of IP – combined with the flexibility of wireless – to drive productivity and keep customers always connected. Today, our global IP backbone is widely regarded as the best in the world, with the most efficient cost structure. And with Cingular, we have the largest wireless digital voice and data network in the United States.
We are investing in growth initiatives for businesses and consumers that leverage the power of these emerging technologies in new ways, including:
• Super high speed Internet access.
• Sophisticated managed services that provide security and quality for transmitting information over our world-class IP backbone network.
• Voice over IP for large businesses.
• Next-generation IP-based television services.
• Advanced wireless voice and data services through Cingular Wireless.
• Innovative solutions that will integrate wireless and wireline communications.
We are continuing to enhance and evolve our global IP backbone and our local access and wireless networks in ways that will not only bring greater value to the customer but also will lower our operating costs.
We intend to make all of these IP networks – wireline and wireless – work together seamlessly on the three critical screens: the PC, the TV and the wireless handset.
As demand for bandwidth and secure, high-quality IP networks increases with the continuing growth
and varied use of the Internet, your company stands to benefit.
Through investments like these, we are striving to give customers anytime access to all of their communications services on simple-to-use devices that go wherever they go. Our goal is to be the only communications and entertainment company our customers will ever want. No company is better positioned to fulfill that promise.
AT&T has long been a global leader in the large- business market, serving multinational companies in some 240 countries and territories, from the Americas to Europe, Africa, Asia and the Pacific Rim. We serve nearly all of the Fortune 1000.
And in the United States, we serve more consumers than any other telecommunications company. Last year we added almost 1 million new retail consumer connections – customers with local access, broad- band or satellite television. We added more new broadband customers than any other company, including cable operators – 1.8 million net new lines.
By combining the technology, operational and market- ing strengths of these two companies – and by seizing opportunities to run the business more efficiently – AT&T is better positioned than ever to be the premier communications and entertainment provider.
One of the first things you should notice about the new AT&T is the shift in our revenue mix toward business customers. Today, if you include our proportionate share of Cingular’s revenues,
52 percent comes from business, wholesale and
2 – AT&T INC. 2005 ANNUAL REPORT

directory; 24 percent comes from wireless; and about 24 percent comes from consumer wireline.
In the business market, the combination of the two companies makes us more competitive in two key ways: First, it allows us to cross-market wireless mobility services to pre-merger AT&T’s huge base of large- business customers. Second, we have an opportunity
to customize advanced products built by AT&T for larger customers and make them available to our 3 million medium- and small-business customers.
AT&T is also well-positioned for growth in the con- sumer market, with innovative products available in voice, data, video and wireless – and many more in the pipeline.
Innovation is what AT&T has been known for through more than a century. AT&T Labs continues to build on this strong track record by attracting the top thinkers and challenging them to look beyond the expected to find solutions never seen or even considered anywhere else.
The combination of these two companies not only transforms our product offerings and the customer experience, it allows us to transform the company itself.
We have the opportunity to dramatically reduce our cost structure by driving efficiencies and productivity, by using technology in more powerful ways, and by improving our processes.
Our goal is to deliver industry-leading financial and operating performance metrics by the end of 2008. We intend to do that by realizing:
• Loweroperatingcosts–savinginvirtuallyeveryarea through integration, from engineering and ordering to customer care and network management.
• Greater economies of scale – by combining the long-haul networks of AT&T with the local networks of the SBC companies, we can keep more of our customers’ traffic on our own networks. We also enjoy greater buying power.
• Improved capital efficiency – eliminating duplication in all capital investments.
Our merger integration planning was thorough, and we are off to a strong start. Talented and experienced
leadership from both companies is in place, with a clear mission and timeline. We have identified opportunities for consolidating operations, networks, facilities and force. We are making rapid and effective progress.
We will measure our success in the short term through earnings and margin growth, through market- share growth in business, consumer and wireless, and through increased customer satisfaction. We increased net income each quarter in 2005, and during the next three years, we expect double-digit adjusted earnings- per-share growth, excluding merger-related charges. Over time, that will also translate into increased revenue growth.
We are accustomed to setting the pace for this industry when it comes
to big ideas and big innovations. That will not change, and neither will our commitment to building long-term, sustainable value for our stockholders.
Four Quarters of Earnings Growth Net Income ($ in millions)
2000
$1,655
1500
$1,246
$1,000 1000 $885
    We increased our quarterly dividend for the 21st con- secutive year in 2005, and we repurchased more than $1.8 billion of stock, reflect- ing our ongoing commitment to our stockholders and the Board’s confidence in our ability to generate strong cash flow while investing in growthinitiatives.
$688
    500
0
       We have big opportunities ahead of us and a big responsibility to stockholders, customers and em- ployees. We are committed to making the most of your investment and to delivering industry-leading innovation and performance today and tomorrow.
Edward E. Whitacre Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 16, 2006
4Q 04
1Q 05
2Q 05
* Includes former AT&T Corp. results aftertheNovember18,2005,merger.
3Q 05
 AT&T INC. 2005 ANNUAL REPORT – 3
* 4Q
05
