Dear Shareholders

The TDS mission is to provide outstanding communication services to our customers and meet the needs of our shareholders, our people, and our communities. In pursuing this mission, we seek to grow our businesses, create opportunities for our associates and employees, and steadily build value over the long term for our shareholders.

Total Company Performance
2014 was a pivotal year for TDS as we started to build momentum from our recent strategic actions across our portfolio of companies. Our two principal business units are U. S. Cellular, where we own 84%, and wholly-owned TDS Telecom. We are able to differentiate ourselves by being a local provider, primarily in suburban and rural markets. A common factor in our businesses is our focus on providing exceptional customer experiences. At our core, this focus includes everything from offering bestin-class products and services, to the dedication and professionalism of the associates and employees who deliver those services. Another common factor is that our businesses converge around data. For consumers and business customers alike, that means we have the networks to efficiently transport their data, and a whole host of plans, services, and products that enable them to use their data, when and how they want. For shareholders, it's about our plan to monetize the usage of data on our networks over time. Our financial and operating results continue to reflect the intensely competitive environment in which we operate, and the impact of investments to support our long-term strategy for growth. We believe the investments and other actions we've taken to position our businesses will enable us to continue improving our performance over time. This past year we made progress in a number of important areas.

2014 was a pivotal year for TDS as we started to build momentum from our recent strategic actions.

U.S. Cellular began to once again drive postpaid customer growth. We did so with our value proposition of best-in-class network; competitive devices, plans, and pricing; and award-winning customer service. The company increased smartphone penetration and offered more products and services that expand customers' data usage. Our 4G LTE network now reaches 94% of postpaid customers and, by the fourth quarter, was supporting 78% of customers' data traffic, further enhancing U.S Cellular's competitive advantage and ability to retain and attract customers. At TDS Telecom, our fiber investments and bundling strategy has enabled TDS Telecom to achieve strong growth in TDS TV ® penetration and broadband adoption in our wireline business. In our cable business, Baja Broadband is proving that the company's expansion into cable is complementing our wireline business, as intended. In September we acquired a second cable company, BendBroadband, which already is delivering strong contributions as well. At OneNeck IT Solutions, which is our hosted and managed services business targeting mid-market customers, we are delivering continued growth in recurring service revenues.

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS

1

U.S. Cellular operates on a customer satisfaction strategy, driving loyalty by providing a high-quality network, a comprehensive range of wireless services and products, outstanding customer experiences, and competitive pricing.

Attracting Customers and Building Loyalty
This past year we succeeded in beginning the turnaround of our business as we attracted new customers and reduced postpaid churn steadily throughout the year. We delivered seven consecutive months of postpaid customer net additions. In a highly competitive environment with increasingly aggressive pricing, our associates have been dedicated and innovative in identifying and meeting a depth of consumer needs. We differentiate U.S. Cellular by providing exceptional customer experiences. While our relatively modest size in this industry can be a challenge, it also can be a competitive advantage, enabling us to be more nimble and offer our customers a more personalized experience. In the rural and suburban markets that we target, our brand is extremely powerful. A key element of our brand strength is that we take it to heart to "treat customers like neighbors and not numbers," a motto that you'll see and hear a lot at U.S. Cellular. With our customerfocused products and services, we encourage customers not only to try us but also to stay with us. Last year U.S. Cellular was recognized as a J.D. Power 2014 Customer Champion. We are proud to be included on this elite list of 50 U.S. companies that focus on service excellence. In 2014 we began to reap the benefits from the strategic actions we initiated in prior years. The implementation of our new billing and operational support system in 2013 was difficult, causing many customer inconveniences that we have since resolved. The system now is giving us the flexibility to introduce new plans rapidly. At the same time, our network quality is best-in-class 4G LTE. This year we launched new

products and services that leverage our network, including iconic devices such as the new Samsung Galaxy S5 and Apple iPhone 6, and Shared Connect plans for families and for small- and medium-sized businesses. Our expanded offerings of equipment installment plans, since May 2014, have proven very popular. In the fourth quarter they represented 37% of all postpaid device sales.

U.S. Cellular Value Proposition
i ce s rv
Me m

&

Se

be

r
sh

ct s

ip

e ri e n c e Exp

Competitive devices, plans, and pricing

a Produ

D at

Best-in-Class Network

Outstanding customer service

Lo

c al

A p pr oa

ch

Understanding customer needs in each of our markets

The strength of our network is at the heart of our value proposition.

2

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS

At U.S. Cellular, we believe our customers should be treated like neighbors and not numbers.

With attractive plans and pricing, our customers now can choose from a competitive portfolio of the products they want, including Samsung, Apple, Motorola, and LG smartphones and connected devices. Also in 2014 we expanded our retail distribution network. In addition to our own U.S. Cellular stores, customers can purchase our plans and products when they are at select Wal-Mart, Sam's Club, and Dollar General retail locations, as well as on Amazon.com.

Smartphone Customers as a Percentage of Postpaid Customers
70% 60%

51%
50% 40% 30% 20% 10%

53%

55%

58%

60%

Driving Revenue Growth and Profits
The return to customer growth enabled us to deliver improved revenue growth over the second half of 2014. As we increased our data traffic through new plans and smartphone and connected device penetration, our average revenue per account (ARPA) increased by 10% to $133.19 in 2014. Profitability was impacted by higher subsidies associated with selling more 4G LTE devices, including Apple products. Under our Shared Connect plans, for which 47% of postpaid customers are now signed up, we are moving aggressively to monetize the explosive growth in data usage. As we focus increasingly on selling shared plans with larger data buckets, the breadth of our offerings becomes increasingly important. Smartphone customers were 60% of postpaid customers at the end of 2014, and smartphones represented 81% of handsets sold for the year. Connected devices were 7% of total devices sold for the year, helping to drive growth in data sales.

3G

0

4G

Q4 13

Q1 14

Q2 14

Q3 14

Q4 14

Net Postpaid Additions (Losses)
(in thousands)
100 80 60 40 20 0 (20) (40) (60) (80) (100) Q4 13

98

52

(26)

(71) (93)
Q1 14 Q2 14 Q3 14 Q4 14

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS

3

TDS TELECOM

At TDS Telecom, our strategy is to attract customers by providing high-quality, reliable communications services and products where we can leverage our existing products, services, and infrastructure. We operate in three business segments: wireline, cable, and hosted and managed services. In the wireline and cable segments, we compete aggressively to provide high-speed broadband, video and voice services to consumers and businesses. We seek to own the best data pipe through a targeted deployment of fiber and entry into cable markets. Our wireline and cable businesses provide the same services, but use different technologies. In both segments, growth is ultimately about having the best broadband offering in the market.

We seek to own the best data pipe through a targeted deployment of fiber and entry into cable markets.

Wireline
Residential TDS Telecom continued to increase average revenue per residential connection as customers are choosing faster broadband speeds and higher-tier packages of our IPTV service, TDS TV®. By year-end, 41% of residential broadband customers were taking 10 Mbps or faster speeds and 11% of residential broadband customers were taking 25 Mbps or faster speeds. We marketed high-speed broadband and TDS TV services in new neighborhoods prior to build outs to build momentum. By the fourth quarter, with our IPTV expansion, TDS TV was in 18 markets, and 19% of residential service addresses were passed by facilities that enable TDS TV. TDS TV and DISH network are key to our successful bundling and retention strategy. At year-end, 77% of residential customers had a double- or triple-play bundle. Our monthly churn rate for triple play customers remains very low at approximately one-half percent. We also neared completion of stimulus projects nationwide. Our broadband stimulus projects added nearly 32,000 new households that previously had been underserved. Commercial Our commercial strategy is to be a trusted partner to our business customers. Together with our reputation for service quality and reliability, we increased connections 10% for managed IP, our hosted VoIP and data solution.
4 TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS
$1,200 $1,000 $800 $600 $400 $200 $0

Expanding Into New Segments
(revenues in millions)

HMS Cable Wireline

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

Improved Wireline Profitability
(operating income in millions)
$30 $25 $20 $15 $10 $5
2013

$0

2014

Q1

Q2

Q3

Q4

Cable
Our entry into the cable business in 2013, with the purchase of Baja Broadband, was a natural extension of our wireline business. In 2014 we increased residential and commercial broadband and voice penetration in Baja markets with an upgraded network and new products, services, and marketing expertise contributed from our wireline business. In September 2014 we further expanded our cable business with the acquisition of BendBroadband. Bend is located in Central Oregon where we expect both business growth and residential development to exceed the national average, making the company another strategic addition to our cable portfolio. We also have been successful in acquiring some small, adjacent cable properties to expand our footprint and opportunities for customer growth. We are working to take advantage of operational and infrastructure synergies between the two cable companies to increase efficiencies, as we grow both businesses.

Hosted and Managed Services (HMS)
At OneNeck IT Solutions, our strategy is to target mid-market commercial customers and provide them comprehensive IT solutions that build recurring revenue streams. While growth to date has been slower than anticipated, we are focused on a very attractive growth market with long-term potential. Through our unified sales force, we are selling a full range of HMS solutions to new customers and expanding our business with existing customers.

OTHER TDS SUBSIDIARIES
Suttle-Straus
Suttle-Straus is a Business-to-Business (B2B) marketing solutions company that focuses on the integration of e-commerce, creative, print, and distribution services to deliver an exceptional customer experience. In 2014, Suttle-Straus continued to focus on growing its commercial client base while enhancing its culture of continuous improvement to achieve improving long-term financial results.

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS

5

LOOKING FORWARD

TDS Corporate
Building Shareholder Value
Our strategic imperative is to build the value of our businesses. We intend to do so by leveraging our improved competitive positioning and allocating our resources effectively to support customer and revenue growth initiatives. In rapidly changing and intensely competitive industries, we are constantly evaluating our operational, developmental, and financial opportunities, and the use of our resources, to strengthen the company. As part of this effort, during 2014 U.S. Cellular monetized non-core assets including spectrum and cell towers. At TDS Telecom, we expanded our presence in the cable business through a second acquisition and divested some small ILEC markets.

of "net neutrality" after its 2010 rules were partially overturned by the courts. 2014 was also a significant year for spectrum policy as the FCC began a recordbreaking auction for spectrum licenses. TDS strives to have impact on critical regulatory issues. We continue to advocate for policies that enable: non-national carriers to access and deploy wireless spectrum; strong universal service programs that foster broadband deployments in rural markets; and open internet rules that are fair, practical, and pro-competitive.

U.S. Cellular
In 2015, we plan to leverage not only the important work done in 2014, but also the investments we have made in the business over the past several years. We have made significant investments in our business with the 4G LTE rollout, spectrum purchases, new billing and operational support system, and expansion of our product line to include tablets as well as iconic smartphones our customers desire. We are operating in a highly competitive industry with compelling opportunities, such as the anticipated high growth in mobile data over the next five years. We succeed by targeting rural and suburban markets, where we have created and now leverage some unique advantages. Our strategy is to provide our customers with outstanding wireless customer experiences, centered around a best-in-class 4G LTE network.

Returning Value to Our Shareholders
Across the business portfolio, TDS has invested in substantial initiatives over the past few years to position our companies to compete more effectively and operate more efficiently. Our capital allocation strategy is to invest approximately 75% of available resources in acquisitions, and return 25% to our shareholders through cash dividends and share repurchases. In line with this strategy, we recently announced our 41st consecutive annual dividend increase, increasing our dividend rate by five percent.

Financial Foundation
We have a conservative financing strategy designed to enable us to invest in business infrastructure and operational growth opportunities. U.S. Cellular has been able to generate substantial proceeds from the sale of non-strategic spectrum and cell towers to fund investments in spectrum and other financing priorities.

Regulatory
TDS and its subsidiaries are active participants in the public policy arena, engaging policy makers on issues that directly impact the TDS businesses and their customers. In 2014 and early 2015, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) revisited the issue

In the rapidly changing and intensely competitive industries in which we do business, we are constantly evaluating our operational, developmental, and financial opportunities.

6

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS

TDS Telecom
Our strategic imperative is to build the value of our businesses by allocating our resources to support customer and revenue growth initiatives.
It is our strategic intent to transition our wireline business from one in secular decline into a growth business. We will execute on this strategy by providing superior broadband, video, and voice services in our wireline and cable markets and continuing to build our HMS business. We intend to leverage our infrastructure, and the core capabilities and expertise originally established in our wireline business, to support growth in all areas of the business. More specifically, in 2015: · We are working to build our customer base through superior experiences, local presence, and excellent service reliability. · We plan to increase our residential customer base with faster broadband speeds, high-quality video service, competitive bundles, and superior customer service. · We plan to increase our fiber market coverage and penetration. · We seek to optimize our investments in cable companies by leveraging wireline services to increase residential and commercial penetration. · We will actively evaluate additional cable acquisitions. · We will continue to be a trusted partner to businesses and grow our managed IP commercial customer base with a comprehensive suite of IP products and services aimed at the mid-market customer. · We will capitalize on our comprehensive HMS solutions and capabilities to increase recurring IT revenues. Thank you to the associates and employees of the TDS companies for their dedication and innovation in providing outstanding services, products, and experiences to our customers across the country. Thank you also to our shareholders and to our debt holders for your continuing support of our long-term strategies. Yours truly,

Our fast and reliable network is the backbone for our competitive data offerings and devices. We have acquired spectrum directly or with partners, and will continue to do so, to enable our network; this includes our recent partnership participation in the AWS spectrum auction. In all of these ways, we differentiate U.S. Cellular from other providers. More specifically, in 2015: · We are in the final stages of our 4G LTE network deployment and expect to complete it. · We will test Voice over LTE technologies. · We will continue to invest in exciting new products and services to build upon the exceptional network and customer experiences for which U.S. Cellular is known. · We will keep on working to further build our customer base and expand customer loyalty. · We plan to drive revenues through additional smartphone penetration, expanded data use from our competitive device portfolio, and shared data plans. We will launch new devices and other products and services that enhance customer data connectivity. These actions will enable us to continue improving our performance over time. Throughout this process we will keep our focus on both the top and bottom lines, working to grow revenues, and also to further increase operating efficiencies and to reduce costs.

LeRoy T. Carlson, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer

Walter C.D. Carlson Chairman of the Board

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS

7

