To Our Shareholders

TDS' mission is to provide outstanding communication services to our customers and meet the needs of our shareholders, our people and our communities. In pursuing this mission, we seek to continuously grow our businesses, create opportunities for our associates and employees, and steadily build value over the long term for our shareholders.

Total Company Performance
For TDS, 2013 was a year of significant strategic action. We divested underperforming wireless markets to focus on stronger markets. We identified cable as an attractive growth area and made our first acquisition, Baja Broadband, to build the business. We united our hosted and managed services businesses under one brand to focus more effectively on attracting midmarket commercial customers. We also took action to return value to TDS and U.S. Cellular shareholders, and to strengthen our financial foundation by monetizing non-strategic assets. While our financial and operating results continue to reflect the competitive environment and the impact of necessary investments, we believe the actions we've taken to better position our businesses will enable us to improve our performance over time. In addition to the initiatives above, we made progress in a number of important areas: s U.S. Cellular continued to increase smartphone penetration and data use through its expanded 4G LTE network, shared data plans, and a competitive portfolio of Android, Apple, and Windows devices. s U.S. Cellular further expanded retail distribution through agreements with Sam's Club and Amazon, and launched a new billing and operational system that provides an important platform for future growth. Although implementation challenges impacted customer service more than anticipated, we believe the long-term benefits will be substantial. s TDS Telecom increased wireline residential average revenue per connection and maintained strong growth in commercial managed IP customers.

TDS has invested in substantial initiatives over the past few years to position our businesses to operate more efficiently and compete more effectively. We are confident that the short-term impact to performance is worth the long-term benefits for our businesses and our customers.

s TDS Telecom began integrating the Baja Broadband acquisition and implementing strategies to increase residential and commercial penetration in Baja markets. s We strengthened our hosted and managed services business with the acquisition of solutions provider MSN Communications, and then united all five HMS businesses under a single brand--OneNeck IT Solutions.

Thank you to the leadership teams at TDS and each of our businesses for leading us through challenges and opportunities with the highest ethical and professional standards. We appreciate your vision and dedication.

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS

1

J.D. Power Customer Champion, 2014

Our strategy is to provide the best customer experiences in the wireless industry, centered around a best-in-class network. A fast and reliable 4G LTE network is the backbone for our competitive data products and services and strong portfolio of Android, Apple, and Windows devices. Our Rewards Program--unique in the wireless industry--creates a membership experience for our customers.

Attracting Customers and Building Loyalty
Attracting new customers and reducing churn are our highest priorities. We enhanced our value proposition in 2013 by expanding 4G LTE access to nearly 90 percent of our customers, launching Apple devices to strengthen our portfolio, offering shared data plans, and working to provide a seamless and consistently high-quality experience across our sales and service channels. We introduced customizable plans for small and medium businesses, and expanded our distribution to Sam's Club and Amazon. We also converted to a new billing and operational support system--an essential platform for delivering services and products more efficiently. During and following the conversion, many of our customers experienced extended reductions in service levels as we worked through implementation issues, and this led to an increase in postpaid churn. These experiences were below our standards, and we provided additional rewards points to postpaid customers in appreciation for their patience and commitment. We launched Apple devices for the first time in November of 2013, and reinstituted contracts for postpaid customers, to help reduce postpaid churn over time.

U.S. Cellular Value Proposition

cts

&

Se

ice s rv

Me m

be
h rs
ip

a Produ

Competitive devices, plans, and pricing

D at

Best-in-Class Network
Lo
s

Outstanding customer service and Rewards Program

r Expe ience

ca

l Ma

r k e t Fo

cu

Understanding customer needs in each of our markets

More than ever, we believe network quality is the most important element of customer satisfaction.

2

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS

"Highest Network Quality Performance Among Wireless Cell Phone Users in North Central Region" - J.D. Power

Increasing Smartphone Penetration and Monetizing Data Use
A best-in-class 4G LTE network is the foundation for competitive data offerings and devices that enable us to maximize and monetize the dramatic growth in data use. By the end of 2013, we offered our strongest-ever portfolio of Android, Apple, and Windows devices, along with attractive shared data plans. Fifty-one percent of postpaid customers were smartphone customers in the fourth quarter, and 80 percent of total devices sold in the quarter were smartphones. We expanded 4G LTE coverage to nearly 90 percent of customers by year end, and 4G LTE devices were 69 percent of devices sold in the fourth quarter. Comprehensive 4G LTE coverage provides significant capacity to promote and monetize smartphone adoption and data use in all of our markets. The recent Federal Communications Commission decision to mandate device interoperability supports our strategy by ensuring that we can continue to offer a greater choice of devices to our customers, and offer nationwide 4G LTE roaming coverage in the future.
90% 55% 50% 45% 40% 35% 30% 25% 20% 15% 10% 5% 0

Smartphone Customers as a Percentage of Postpaid Customers
51% 42% 43% 46% 47% 42% 33%

29% 21% 15%

3G 4G

Q4 12

Q1 13

Q2 13

Q3 13

Q4 13

Smartphones as a Percentage of Total Devices Sold

80%
80% 70% 60% 50% 40% 30% 20%

63%

62%

66%

65% 69% 58%

55% 46% 46%

Growth in data use is a critical driver of U.S. Cellular's future success. Total data traffic increased 97 percent from 2012 to 2013.

10% 0 Q4 12 Q1 13 Q2 13 Q3 13 Q4 13

3G 4G

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS

3

TDS TELECOM

Our strategy is to attract customers by providing high-quality, reliable communications services and products. We expanded our business strategically in 2013 by entering the cable sector through the acquisition of Baja Broadband, opening substantial opportunities to leverage our existing products, services, and infrastructure in new markets. We also positioned our hosted and managed services business to offer comprehensive IT solutions through a unified brand and sales force.

Wireline
Residential TDS Telecom is increasing average revenue per residential connection as customers chose faster broadband speeds and higher-tier packages of our IPTV service, TDS TV®. We continued to increase broadband speeds and expand TDS TV availability in our markets, and we marketed high-speed fiber and TDS TV services in new neighborhoods to build momentum prior to buildouts. By the fourth quarter, TDS TV was available in 11 markets, and 13 percent of residential households were passed by facilities that enable TDS TV. Broadband and video service bundles are key to our retention strategy, and by the end of 2013, 73 percent of residential customers had double- or triple-play bundles.

Twenty-five percent of customers had access to 25Mbps or faster broadband service at the end of 2013.

The average monthly churn rate for customers with three services is very low, at approximately one-half of one percent.
130 120

managed IP Connections
(in thousands) 128

We also neared completion of stimulus projects nationwide that will bring broadband access to approximately 27,000 previously underserved households when complete. Commercial Our commercial strategy is to be a trusted partner to our business customers, and our reputation for service quality and reliability enabled us to achieve a 35 percent increase in connections for managed IP, a hosted VoIP voice and data solution. This offset a decline in traditional voice services, which resulted in a slight increase in commercial revenues in 2013.

110 100 90 80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10 0
09 10 11 12 13

95

54

30 15

4

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS

Cable
We identified cable broadband as an attractive growth area and entered the sector in 2013 with the acquisition of Baja Broadband, which provides a high-capacity data pipeline to homes and businesses in the southwest U.S. After the acquisition closed in August, we began leveraging our marketing experience and network capabilities to increase residential and commercial penetration in Baja's markets. As we execute on our integration and growth strategies, we're identifying operational and infrastructure synergies to increase efficiency. We plan to continue to build our cable portfolio with acquisitions that offer significant growth potential in complementary markets.

The high-capacity cable pipeline offers significant growth potential for our residential and commercial data products and services.

Hosted and Managed Services
Our strategy is to sell comprehensive IT solutions to mid-market commercial customers. We strengthened our value proposition in 2013 with the acquisition of solutions provider MSN Communications, and then unified our five hosted and managed services businesses under one brand--OneNeck IT Solutions. With a comprehensive, unified service portfolio that includes colocation, cloud and hosting solutions, managed services, professional services, ERP application management, and IT hardware, OneNeck is well positioned to be a single, trusted source of end-to-end IT solutions for commercial customers.

Recurring hosted and managed services revenues increased 10 percent in 2013.

OTHER TDS SUBSIDIARIES

Suttle-Straus
Suttle-Straus, a marketing and graphic communications solutions provider, continued to improve its performance in 2013, expanding its commercial client base and enhancing its bundled packages of marketing services, from creative development through print and distribution. Suttle-Straus also improved margins and increased productivity through continuous improvement initiatives.

Airadigm Communications
Airadigm Communications, Inc. offers mobile services to customers in Wisconsin. Airadigm operates independently of U.S. Cellular.

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS

5

LOOKING FORWARD

Our strategic imperative is to increase customer and revenue growth in our businesses by leveraging our improved competitive positioning and allocating our resources effectively to support growth initiatives.

U.S. Cellular
s We plan to attract new customers and build customer loyalty with customer experiences grounded in network quality, competitive data products and services and devices, an innovative Rewards Program that makes customers feel like members, and localized attention to customer needs. s We're focused on driving revenues through smartphone penetration and monetized data use, as we continue to expand and enhance 4G LTE access. s We will continue to increase operational efficiency.

TDS Telecom
s We're working to attract residential and commercial customers through superior experiences and highquality, reliable services. s We plan to bring faster broadband, high-quality video service, and competitive bundles to more residential customers, and increase fiber network coverage for both residential and commercial customers. s We'll continue to optimize our investment in Baja Broadband and seek additional opportunities to build our cable business through acquisitions. s We're focused on developing comprehensive hosted and managed solutions through OneNeck IT Solutions, and increasing recurring revenues from mid-market customers.

Thank you to the employees and associates of the TDS companies for their dedication and innovation in providing outstanding services, products, and experiences to our customers. Thank you also to our shareholders and debt holders for your continuing support of our long-term strategies.

Sincerely,

LeRoy T. Carlson, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer

Walter C.D. Carlson Chairman of the Board

6

TELEPHONE AND DATA SYSTEMS

