   Steven A. Raymund
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Néstor Cano
President of Worldwide Operations
Dear Valued Shareholder:
Tech Data faced a challenging business environment during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2003, resulting largely from macro-economic forces, a continued slowdown in the IT industry, and competitive market conditions. Sales for the fiscal year were $15.7 billion, declining 8.5% from fiscal 2002. During this period the company reported a net loss of $199.8 million, or $3.55 per diluted share, including special charges of $334.6 million. Excluding these special charges, net income for fiscal 2003 totaled $136.3 million, or $2.35 per diluted share, compared to fiscal 2002 net income of $128.6 million, excluding special charges, or $2.27 per diluted share. Pre-tax special charges during the year
ended January 31, 2003, include $328.9 million related to a goodwill impairment charge resulting from the application of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142 (FAS 142) as well as $5.7 million of other expenses related to the liquidation of a European subsidiary and the sale of the company’s operations in Argentina.
During the fiscal year, the company continued to focus
on stringent expense controls and solid balance sheet management. We reduced selling, general and administrative expenses by 9.6%, or $65.2 million, over the prior year (excluding special charges), adjusting to the declining demand environment and once again exhibiting the scalability of our business model. Tangible net worth of the company actually grew by $345 million during the fiscal year, and our balance sheet improved dramatically as we reduced net indebtedness by $1.1 billion over the past two years.
 2003 Summary Annual Report 2 Tech Data Corporation

We ended the fiscal year with net indebtedness of only $347 million and a ratio of total debt to total capital of 27%. The company continues to enjoy excellent liquidity and financial flexibility.
Tech Data’s strong balance sheet enabled the company to redeem in December the $300 million principal amount of its 5% convertible subordinated deben- tures, several months ahead of the date these were scheduled to mature (July 1, 2003). This allowed us to take advantage of low interest rates and save approximately $2.8 million through the original maturity date.
Some very tough decisions were required to optimize our results, including a reduction of our worldwide workforce by 8% during the fiscal year. During the period we managed to hold selling, general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year to just 3.89% of sales, excluding special charges.
Our bottom-line focus led us to exit or reduce operations where the outlook no longer justified maintaining our existing investments. In Europe, we opted to cease operations in Hungary and Norway. We scaled back our business in Brazil and sold operations in Argentina to local management, as currency-related issues and other concerns escalated in these Latin American countries. We generated profits, however, in all regions.
Tech Data today operates in 26 countries and ships to more than 80 countries. European and U.S. revenue
each totaled 47% of worldwide sales for the fiscal year. Our “rest-of-world” sales — Latin America and Canada — accounted for 6% of sales for the period.
Looking Ahead to Stay Ahead
At Tech Data, we’re always looking ahead to ensure we’re staying ahead. Our 28-year history of success reflects this forward thinking as well as the prudent business decisions we’ve made on a daily basis and in relation to our overall strategic direction. No other company in the IT distribution industry has performed so consistently, and we’re confident that the steps we’re taking today will keep Tech Data at the top.
In the new fiscal year, we plan to continue upgrading and harmonizing our European information systems. Although costs of the project will affect earnings, the undertaking was deemed imperative at this time and critical to the long-term interests of the company and its shareholders. Among the advantages of this comprehensive undertaking, we expect to more cost-effectively address future IT requirements in Europe. Today, the diverse range of systems in place — including those from previously acquired companies — adds complexity and expense to development processes. We believe the upgrade and harmonization project will establish a more consistent and scalable pan-European IT infrastructure that supports future growth, while optimizing reporting capabilities and enhancing system functionality.
   2003 Summary Annual Report
3 Tech Data Corporation

 Specialized Business Units (SBUs) represent another key strategic initiative for the company, enabling further diversi- fication and expansion into markets with the most growth potential. These operations include products, staff and services specifically focused on areas ranging from digital imaging, storage and telephony to software licensing, security and mobile computing solutions. In addition,
we have significantly increased our focus on larger-scale enterprise business opportunities through dedicated sales and technical services, including highly qualified systems engineers, as well as unique training programs in conjunction with our U.S. vendor partners.
Our focus on specialized market opportunities included establishing distribution agreements with a number of other strategic vendors throughout the world. In the United States, for example, we added Sun Microsystems’ advanced server and storage products for small-to-midsize businesses; MicronPC’s build-to-order (BTO) computers; Cingular Wireless’ enterprise-level nationwide wireless service; BenQ’s storage and display products; and Eurologic’s complete line of network storage solutions. In Europe, we concentrated on expanding many distribution agreements to encompass all of the European countries where we do business. This included pan-European partnerships with Autodesk, Iomega, Fujitsu Siemens Computers, Antec, Sony Media, and Hewlett-Packard for large format media.
The company’s acquisition strategy reinforces its move into more specialized markets. Our purchase of U.K.-based Azlan Group PLC, completed March 31, 2003, is a prime example that complements Tech Data’s SBU initiatives while greatly strengthening our position in the European reseller channel for advanced networking solutions.
     2003 Summary Annual Report 4 Tech Data Corporation

Tech Data’s SBU concept originated within the company’s European operations, illustrating one of the many ways we are sharing best practices on an international scale. Activity-based costing (ABC) is another far-reaching shared business practice. We first began applying and refining ABC methodologies in the U.S. over three years ago, providing substantial operational value and insight, and these capabilities are expected to help strengthen our European business for many years to come. ABC more rigor- ously defines the cost drivers related to serving both vendors and customers compared to more traditional cost allocation methods. Such standards must be carefully developed and integrated into the culture of each country organization, taking into account respective market variables, business procedures and systems requirements that affect decision-making. In addition to full deployment in the U.S., ABC has been implemented in seven other countries, comprising approximately 80% of our sales.
Progressive e-business capabilities also illustrate Tech Data’s successful sharing of best practices, along with substantial continuous improvement initiatives within our logistics centers and sales organizations. Online sales accounted for a record 34% of sales for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2003. Many of our international processes are also benefiting from our advances on the Web and electronic data interchange (EDI) as well as integration with customers via XML, a flexible Web-based computing language. E-business developments over the past year covered a broad spectrum, including significant enhancements to our
acclaimed Web-based LION licensing and services tool, making it faster and easier for our customers to disseminate and manage software licenses for their end-user clients. While many dot-com companies emerged and collapsed over the past three years, Tech Data clearly gained momentum in the online world. We plan to build on this solid e-business foundation as we strive to further increase our profitability and customer service efficiency.
Essential to Partners’ Success
Just as we share best practices internally, we also collaborate closely with our vendor partners to drive mutual success. The results are clear in many respects, including our joint ability to dramatically reduce inventory days of supply (DOS) without diminishing service levels. We have cut DOS over the past five years from more than 47 days to fewer than 24 days, while maintaining excellent availability on the products our customers demand. This efficiency translates into substantial cost savings for Tech Data and our vendor partners.
By turning inventory more rapidly, we help ensure that the most up-to-date technology remains conveniently available and promptly replaced as product lifecycles evolve.
The thousands of technology solution providers that we sell to worldwide count on Tech Data for immediate access to a full range of products. Whether ordering in small or large quantities, they expect each item to arrive on-time at every end-user site. We don’t let them down.
   2003 Summary Annual Report
5 Tech Data Corporation

                                  Tech Data
Ingram Micro HP IBM Microsoft D & H Compaq CDW Dell Synnex
Index score
1214
  1023
  431 379
336 282
219 212 210
201
Source: CRN 2002 Sourcing Study
               Our shipping accuracy rates typically exceed 99% on a global basis. Many orders are delivered directly to end users on behalf of resellers, who frequently leverage our Private Label Delivery service that includes the reseller’s own brand identity on shipping labels and packing documentation.
Why doesn’t Tech Data sell direct to end users? The reasons are many. For one, we respect the incomparable value and service that our customers provide. Their business models are based on deep account knowledge and relationships that have been, in some cases, cultivated since PCs and networking came into existence. Hardware and software vendors also typically realize that they can’t provide the local service levels that resellers achieve — at least not cost-effectively, especially in the small-to-medium business (SMB) market. Although large end users with established in-house IT departments may not require as much external expertise in developing networked solutions, resellers are the dominant SMB market force.
IT vendors and resellers both depend on Tech Data for much more than fast product access through our logistics centers strategically located in the markets we serve. Our services are instrumental to this value channel — a channel with capabilities that far exceed those of any direct-selling model.
Tech Data’s IT supply chain leadership position encompasses a vast array of services that we have continually evolved for nearly three decades. These services provide tremendous benefits for vendors and resellers: pre-sale consultation and solution design support; extensive credit programs that our customers need to conduct business (and that our vendors prefer not to manage directly); training and certification offerings that resellers need to keep themselves and their customers on top of new developments; reseller-focused marketing and account management; and much more.
 2003 Summary Annual Report 6 Tech Data Corporation

The Tech Data Difference
In every service we provide and location where we do business, the Tech Data difference is evident.
It starts with our people — simply the best. With incomparable resolve and resilience, our team has repeatedly succeeded when others have struggled or failed. We have fostered an environment where creativity thrives and traditional ideals inspire. Respect and integrity are common bonds through- out this multicultural organization, anchored by the understanding that meeting shareholder expectations is as important as delivering on customer requirements.
Despite the pressures this industry faced over the past year, our focus never deviated from what has always differentiated Tech Data: exceptional customer service. In fact, the most definitive customer survey of our industry, the annual CRN Sourcing Study, proclaimed Tech Data the “preferred source” for
IT solution providers in 2002. We outscored all IT distributors and vendors by a wide margin in this comprehensive study. The distinction is just one of many honors Tech Data has received over the years.
The Tech Data difference is epitomized by how we work with solution providers and vendors to address changing market requirements. A sound global business strategy guides our efforts on all fronts, focusing our team on the right priorities to reach our objectives. The Tech Data mindset is about driving results and increased profitability — not resting on laurels and hoping for better economic conditions. The economy will improve,
of course, and when it does, we expect to be among the best-positioned to capitalize when IT industry growth resumes.
Every aspect of our company — credit, sales, customer service, technical support, logistics management, integration, marketing, IT, finance, human resources and so much more — contributes to Tech Data’s vital role at the center of the
IT supply chain.
We are grateful for the dedication that our employees have shown during these difficult times and appreciate their enthusiasm for Tech Data’s promising long-term outlook. Your confidence and support are also greatly appreciated as a valued Tech Data shareholder.
Sincerely,
Steven A. Raymund
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
Néstor Cano
President of Worldwide Operations
     2003 Summary Annual Report
7 Tech Data Corporation
