                    To Our Shareholders:
This fiscal year was the best in Tech Data’s 26-year history. For the year ended January 31, 2001, we generated record sales and profitability, surpassing the $20 billion mark in revenue while increasing net income 40% to $178 million, or $3.14 per diluted share. These stellar results attest to the earnings power of our business model, while again proving that Tech Data has the most outstanding team in the IT logistics industry.
Tech Data’s superior financial performance reflects the operational excellence we achieved throughout our global organization. Our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses as a percentage of sales are the lowest in our industry — just 3.59% for the fiscal year. The efficiencies and economies of scale we deliver translate into a significant competitive advantage.
In our industry, it’s imperative to maintain extraordinarily low costs and deliver high-value services to both ends of the supply chain. Tech Data’s customers — the solution providers and resellers of technology products — and vendor partners leverage our infrastructure in a multitude of ways. In addition to our core logistics management function, we provide credit, education programs, certification training, technical support, systems integration services, product management, marketing, e-commerce solutions and much more. We have become a central force in the IT industry, bringing new value to our customers and vendors each day.
It’s a dynamic business, particularly considering the myriad factors involved in ensuring that companies and consumers worldwide receive the products they want, when they want them. We take the complexity out of the procurement process, making it much easier to buy and sell comprehensive computing solutions. This capability underlies the steady growth our industry has experienced, and our ongoing critical value to trading partners.
Our success has always been based on a relatively simple premise: respond proficiently to fast-changing industry conditions without ever losing customer focus. With this straightforward approach, we have navigated our way to remarkable accomplishments, often while facing new types of challenges from virtually every direction.
Over the past year, for example, analysts predicted that business- to-business exchanges, Internet resellers and application service providers (ASPs) would all take substantial share from distributors. In actuality, their impact on us was more positive than negative. ASPs and Internet resellers, in fact, are among our customers today. Manufacturers, meanwhile, were depicted as focusing all their efforts on driving more business direct, when in reality their collective channel focus continued unabated.
      And with good reason. For most manufacturers, it does not make economic sense to maintain large direct sales forces, or to attempt to replicate the comprehensive logistics management services and fulfillment expertise we provide. Consequently, distribution’s share of the total IT marketplace is projected to grow from approximately 27% in 1998 to an estimated 33% by 2004, according to International Data Corp., a leading IT research firm.
Although it’s possible that a larger share of commodity-oriented PCs may be sold directly over time, our systems business grew 29% and represented 28% of our total sales last year. This offering includes a vast range of servers and other hardware devices that are typically sold as part of comprehensive solutions — solutions comprising peripherals, software, storage and networking equipment that our customers install and support with unparalleled capability. More than 70% of our business comes from non-PC categories, many of which offer higher margins than PCs.
Tech Data’s business model is strengthening through other means, too. Our electronic commerce revenue has grown steadily, for example, reaching more than $5.4 billion on an annualized basis at the conclusion of our fourth quarter. We’re sharing best practices across all of our international operations, with intense focus on further maximizing our systems infrastructure investments.
An example of how we are sharing and applying best practices pertains to our Activity-Based Costing (ABC) model. Through ABC methodologies, we have become more precise in analyzing the “cost to serve” all types of customers as well as vendors. With this information, we have been able to better manage our costs, while optimizing product and service pricing as well as partner contractual agreements. We have refined our ABC practices in our U.S. operations over the past two years and are now applying these practices within our European locations.
Specialized Business Units (SBUs) also became part of our worldwide corporate culture in fiscal 2001. These focus areas include dedicated, specially trained sales and support personnel to help customers sell, deploy and service today’s hottest IT solutions in a broad range of product categories. Our move to establish SBUs mirrors Tech Data’s historical evolution. It epitomizes how far we’ve come — from a regional pick-pack-and- ship company to a global supply chain specialist.
Throughout the years, we’ve received numerous accolades and honors that have chronicled
Tech Data’s progress and exceptional industry performance. Current year achievements included breaking into the Fortune 100, ranking 95th, and emerging as the IT industry’s Most Preferred Distributor in all product categories, according to a survey conducted annually by CMP Media, the leading publisher of IT reseller channel magazines.
Although the current fiscal year’s outlook is clouded by economic uncertainty, we are confident that Tech Data remains the most cost-effective, efficient solution for flowing product from the manufacturing floor to the end-user desktop. We’ve proven it year after year and we will continue to live up to this expectation. We also make it our business to live up to your expectations.
Thank you for your investment in Tech Data — the world’s best-performing provider of IT products and logistics services.
Steven A. Raymund
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
                     23
2001 Summary Annual Report Tech Data Corporation Tech Data Corporation 2001 Summary Annual Report
