   To Our Shareholders
 I
n just our second year as a stand-alone company, Tenneco Automotive made significant progress executing strate-
gies for reducing debt and strengthening customer relationships. We concentrated on improving internal factors that we could control to help offset the chal- lenging external operating environment. And, although our sales and earnings results were undercut by the weak automotive market and tough global economies in 2001, our strategies – driven by an outstanding employee effort worldwide – yielded notable results. We reduced our net debt (total book value of debt minus cash) by $30 million and gained more than 55 new business awards from customers around the world.
For the year, SGA&E expenses as a percent of sales, before restructuring and other charges, fell 1 percent- age point, and working capital as a percent of sales, before factoring, declined more than 4 percentage points, evidence of our cost cutting and cash manage- ment success.
Specifically, year-over-year improvement in these key metrics resulted from better operating efficiency,
 controlled spending, reduced inventory levels and lower receivables. We achieved:
• $71 million in annualized savings from restructuring activities;
• $19 million in Six Sigma cost savings, a quality improvement initiative;
• $19 million reduction in capital expenditures;
• $92 million reduction in receivables balances; and
• $96 million reduction in inventories.
These efforts generated financial results that enabled us to exceed the debt covenant requirements of our bank lenders. They also positioned us better than many of our peers on year-over-year key performance metrics. A major driver of this progress was employing EVA® (Economic Value Added)1 techniques to generate cash and target the best return on capital. And, by linking EVA improvement to compensation, we ensured that employees had a stake in enhancing our business.
People Driving Progress. Our progress last year was achieved through the daily effort and initiative of our employees around the globe. I’m proud of how we’ve come together as a team since we began operating as a stand-alone company. We are unified in our goals and in the direction we’re taking to meet those goals.
Employees at Tenneco Automotive have been work- ing in cross-functional, cross-divisional teams, planning and executing strategies to drive improved results. In a very competitive market during 2001, they won new original equipment (OE) business that is expected to generate $1.1 billion in revenues over the next five years, and new aftermarket business worth more than $40 million in revenues annually. At the same time,
1 EVA®is after-tax operating profit minus the annual cost of capital. EVA®is a registered trademark of Stern Stewart & Co.
  We will continue to leverage our advanced technology, global reach and brand strength – competitive distinctions that set us apart as a leader in ride and emission control systems.
   2 Tenneco Automotive Inc.

     they found ways to save money, cut costs and improve product quality, while saving time and materials using quality improvement processes to find new, more effi- cient ways to work. In 2001, these actions generated
a $7 million improvement in EVA over 2000.
A Balanced Approach to Financial Improvement.
For 2002, we’re continuing to balance cost reduction strategies with revenue generating initiatives. We are striving to maintain SGA&E at current levels, further decrease working capital, and achieve full-year improve- ment in gross margin performance. We also are working to expand our business base and capitalize on growth opportunities.
Streamlining Infrastructure and Improving Business Processes. This year we will continue to streamline our manufacturing and distribution infrastructure to better position Tenneco Automotive for an eventual industry upturn. We are working to create a fundamentally new cost structure through an initiative we call Project Genesis. Genesis has a global objective of better match- ing production capacity to the market by restructuring our manufacturing and distribution system, as well as the logistics and information technology operations that support it. The first phase of Genesis will close eight facilities. In addition, we are rearranging and streamlin- ing the workflow at 20 manufacturing plants this year to optimize the production flow from raw materials through finished goods to distribution.
We expect to substantially complete these phase- one actions by the end of the first quarter of 2003, and anticipate they will generate $11 million in savings during 2002, and $30 million in annualized savings beginning in 2004. Future phases of this initiative, which still need to be finalized, will require approval by the company’s board of directors and will also likely require senior lender approval.
  Mark P. Frissora
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Leveraging Brand Strength, Global Reach and Innovative Technologies. In 2002, conditions in the North American medium/heavy-duty truck market and the U.S. light vehicle market are expected to bottom or begin to recover. More sophisticated technologies and heightened environmental regulations should stimulate OE demand in North America and Europe. We also see a recovering North American aftermarket and a more stable after- market in Europe. For our part, we will continue to leverage our advanced technology, global reach and brand strength – competitive distinctions that set us apart as a leader in ride and emission control systems.
In the aftermarket, our strategies to improve prof- itability and further expand market share include winning new business and leveraging new product introduc- tions and our premium product offering. We anticipate moderately increased North American demand for replacement parts in 2002 with a growing number
  Tenneco Automotive Inc. 3

     of vehicles currently on the road moving into the six- to 10-year age range, the prime vehicle age for replace- ment parts.
We will complete the launch of our Monroe®ReflexTM shock absorbers in the European aftermarket this year, following the successful North American introduction
of Reflex in 2000. We also plan to stimulate demand for higher-margin ride control products through a major global marketing campaign, the Safety TriangleSM. Our Safety Triangle promotion educates consumers on the importance of shocks and struts for vehicle stopping, steering and stability, and encourages motorists to have ride control parts inspected and replaced more frequently for safer driving.
On the OE front, we are using strong technological capabilities to win new business by helping customers meet increasingly stringent environmental requirements and address safety concerns. For example, we have developed a diesel particulate filter that virtually elimi- nates particulates from diesel emissions. Demand for diesel vehicles has sharply increased in Europe and
is expected to accelerate in North America over the next decade. In ride control, we have developed an oil-free shock as well as a computerized electronic shock (CES). CES is a major step forward in vehicle handling and safety that has already been awarded business by
one OE manufacturer with a second award pending.
Strategic Alliances Provide Access to New Opportunities.
We also intend to continue expanding our global busi- ness through strategic alliances and joint ventures. These structures create growth opportunities with mini- mal capital investment. During 2001, we formed a joint venture in Thailand with Yarnapund Co. Ltd. to supply OE emission control products. Last year we also formed an alliance with Tokico Ltd., which followed
our partnering in 2000 with Futaba Industrial Co. These strategic alliances with top-tier Japanese suppliers
have already resulted in OE awarded business that is expected to generate $461 million in revenues between 2002 and 2006.
Staying the Course in 2002. Industry experts predict another difficult year for automakers and suppliers
in 2002. At Tenneco Automotive, we plan to stay the course. We will remain focused on our goals and aggressive in our actions, continuing to balance our short-term and long-range objectives.
In the near term, debt reduction remains our over- arching goal. Over the longer term, we will concentrate on building our business through strategic alliances, strengthening our brands and leveraging our advanced technology capabilities.
Despite ongoing industry and economic challenges, our employees continue to respond magnificently, laying the foundation for a stronger, more efficient business. I applaud their accomplishments, hard work and dedi- cated efforts, and am proud to be a member of the Tenneco Automotive team.
Mark P. Frissora
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer April 2002
   4 Tenneco Automotive Inc.
