 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
As the world was turning to a new millennium, Tenneco Automotive began a new existence as an independent company. On November 4, 1999, the final vestiges of the original Tenneco disappeared with the spin-off of the specialty packaging business, now called Pactiv. As a separate company, we are focused solely on designing, manufacturing and selling emission and ride control systems for the transportation industry.
Since becoming president of Tenneco Automotive
in May of 1999, I have concentrated on the challenges of both launching this stand-alone business and redirecting an organization whose shortcomings stemmed mostly from an unclear strategic direction. Eighteen months before the separation, Tenneco Automotive had been positioned in multiple merger and acquisition scenarios, creating an atmosphere of uncertainty with our employ- ees. For this reason, I established three key priorities for the new management team and communicated these priorities repeatedly to all employees:
n customer satisfaction,
n employee satisfaction, and
n Economic Value Added (EVA®), an important
component of which is cash management.
By immediately focusing the organization on improving our customer relationships, boosting our morale and teamwork, and emphasizing cash flow to pay down debt, I believe we can quickly begin delivering shareholder value.
MARK P. FRISSORA
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
My other top priorities included the assembly of a new management team and implementing robust plan- ning processes. I needed a team that had the energy and relevant experience to accomplish the spin-off and run the business at much higher levels of performance. Accordingly, eight of my 14 direct reports are new.
We have adopted a grass-roots process orientation for running the business that carries with it the credo
to consistently deliver on our promises. This does not mean we are setting low hurdle rates for ourselves so
we can hit easy targets, but it does mean we understand our business at the granular level with every revenue and cost center being charted, benchmarked and reviewed
 4 Tenneco Automotive Inc.

 weekly to enable us to more tightly manage the business. Internally at Tenneco Automotive, we call this integrated business planning process our Business Operating System, and the process now touches every employee.
Financial Review. 1999 was a year of mixed results, end- ing with a fourth quarter the new management team was proud to call its own. As I mentioned earlier, cash is king and our fourth quarter cash results were nothing short
of excellent. Operationally, we generated cash flow of $99 million versus $30 million a year earlier – a 230 percent improvement. This enabled us to reduce the debt level allocated in the spin-off by $68 million. Normally we oper- ated with $25 million of cash balances around the world at year-end, but in 1999 we ended the year with a bal- ance of $84 million.
Operating income from operations for the fourth quarter, before the special charges and costs described below, increased significantly to $52 million compared to a loss of $4 million a year ago, and revenues rose
to $806 million, the most ever for a fourth quarter in Tenneco Automotive history.
Full-year results are clouded by pretax charges of $137 million due to transaction costs associated with the separation of the automotive business from packag- ing, stand-alone company costs and restructuring
charges taken to right-size manufacturing and distribution footprints primarily in Europe and to a lesser extent in North America. Including these charges and costs, results from continuing operations for 1999 were a loss of $63 mil- lion, or $1.87 per diluted share. Before the charges and costs, income from continuing operations for the full year was $89 million, or $2.65 per diluted share, compared to $163 million, or $4.83 per diluted share, for full-year 1998. These numbers are clearly unacceptable. There were, however, some positive results that I’d like to highlight.
Full-year operating results for North American operations showed sales improvement of 5 percent year- over-year driven primarily by market share increases in our original equipment business. Operating profit improved 71 percent compared to 1998. Dramatic reduction in the aftermarket cost structure coupled with strong performance by our original equipment business made 1999 a great year for North America.
European results, however, reflected, among other things, an absence of strong leadership as the managing director position remained open for a full year, delaying the implementation of our new business planning processes. European revenues declined slightly while profitability dropped considerably as new OE business and improved aftermarket pricing were offset by unfavorable currency exchange rates and soft aftermarket ride control sales.
Tenneco Automotive Inc. 5

 Difficult economic conditions and currency devalua- tion – particularly in Brazil – offset overall South America sales and market share gains. In Australia and Asia, we successfully weathered the regional economic crisis, recording revenue growth for the year.
Strategy for Creating Value. The new management team of Tenneco Automotive inherits a legacy of key strengths we will continue to focus on: leading global market share; a premier advanced technology position with original equipment manufacturers around the world; and, the blend of aftermarket and original equipment businesses enabling us to leverage product life cycle costs for our customers.
In addition to leveraging these key strengths, we are focusing the organization on the fundamentals of running a good business with strategies supporting cus- tomer satisfaction, employee satisfaction and Economic Value Added.
Customer Satisfaction. We have completed customer satisfaction surveys around the world and now have cus- tomer-specific improvement plans being driven through our integrated Business Operating System. By measuring our progress monthly against targets set by our customers, we enhance our ability to win new business.
Focusing on advanced technology is yet another way we look to improve customer satisfaction. Three years ago, we determined that to maintain our premier technology position, we had to invest more money in the business. After completing a benchmarking study, we invested heavily to strengthen our position by adding state-of-the-art testing labs and depth to our staff of highly trained engineers.
Moreover, to improve the link and flow of technology between our businesses, we formed cross-continent, cross-divisional product development teams that share engineering knowledge to develop new value-differentiated products and increase the speed at which we bring
our products to market. This focus on technology should increase market share in both our product lines and improve our profitability as well as the profitability of our customers.
 SHAREHOLDER VALUE
     Customer Satisfaction
Win Top Customer Awards Institute Lean Manufacturing Invest in Advanced Technology
 6 Tenneco Automotive Inc.
Employee Satisfaction
Amplify Communication
Enhance Rewards and Recognition Improve Training and Development
Economic Value Added
Improve Working Capital Reduce Selling, General,
and Administrative Costs Implement EVA® to Plant Floor

 While we have implemented various lean technolo- gies within our manufacturing base, we did not have a systematic approach to modern manufacturing principles. Accordingly, we have partnered with an outside manufac- turing consultant to develop a comprehensive program that will be completed in 2001, all in the interest of reducing our cost to support our customers’ continuous improvement programs.
Employee Satisfaction. After completing global employee surveys for the new Tenneco Automotive, we learned our employees wanted us to address three critical areas: improved communication from management, enhanced rewards and recognition programs, and more and better training and development initiatives. We again integrated measurements on these three areas into our Business Operating System and have begun driving initiatives
to improve significantly these three critical areas for our employees. Ultimately, our goal is to become the employ- er of choice in our industry.
Economic Value Added. To help us motivate the organi- zation to drive shareholder value, we recently partnered with Stern Stewart & Co. to assist with the implementa- tion of the EVA® Management System. The EVA® system helps measure a company’s value with a goal toward
driving sustainable shareholder wealth. We began deploy- ing this management system in January and by mid-2001 we expect every employee in the company will be trained, measured and compensated on EVA®.
Critical to our success of improving EVA® performance is increasing our cash flow. We spent much of the last half of 1999 analyzing benchmarking data on all aspects of cash flow. The results were broken down into two large areas of opportunity: (1) working capital as a percent
of sales, and (2) selling, general, and administrative (SG&A) costs. Our internal goals are to drive out $250 million of inventory and accounts receivables, along with $100 million in SG&A costs by year-end 2001.
Aftermarket Revitalization. Finally, revitalizing our global aftermarket business is an important strategic opportunity for us going forward. In 1998, we began an initiative
to reduce headcount, close manufacturing facilities and realign the distribution operations of our North American aftermarket business. We expect this initiative to provide us with $25 million in savings by the end of 2000, and
it has already lowered our monthly breakeven point from $57 million in 1998 to $44 million today.
Resizing the footprint, however, was just half of the answer to turning this business around. In 1999, we changed our marketing focus, moving away from push
Tenneco Automotive Inc. 7

  marketing to pull marketing techniques to sell our prod- ucts. The push marketing techniques used in the past provided our customers promotional terms in return for taking more inventory at the end of each quarter. The result for us: higher, but less profitable, sales
at the end of every quarter.
Now, instead of loading our products into the ware-
house distributors at the end of the quarters, we offer installers incentives to actually pull our products through the channel by making the installation to the end con- sumer. The more shocks or exhaust systems installed, the greater opportunity for installers to win awards or co- op advertising. We believe this will be a winning strategy for both us and our customers, and will allow us to regain market share in North America over the next year.
The European aftermarket is beginning to see market pressures similar to those we faced in the North American aftermarket over the past two years. For this reason, much of the restructuring charge we took in the fourth quarter is being applied to right-size our manufac- turing footprint, moving to lower cost labor markets in Eastern Europe. Additionally, we are employing in the European aftermarket the same changes in marketing strategy and new product differentiation we utilized in North America.
Conclusion. In the final analysis, I believe Tenneco Automotive has significant opportunities to generate shareholder wealth by introducing new and exciting prod- ucts and deploying lean thinking throughout the organization. To accomplish this, we must maintain a balance between excellent customer relationships, employee satisfaction and Economic Value Added. Armed with improved business processes, our new capable team of senior managers is positioned to focus on these areas while delivering on our commitment of creating shareholder value.
MARK P. FRISSORA
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2000
 8 Tenneco Automotive Inc.
