                Ag
ddin
My aim is to inspire value creation in the people around me. Today, more than ever, adding value requires the willingness and ability to take on and manage risk, invest capital efficiently and employ effective leadership and technical skills.
 To Our Shareholders:
Reflections on My First Year
Just over a year ago, I joined Tenneco as CEO. I was excited about the global opportunities for this company with its impressive track record of adaptability, cost management, strategic balance and broad customer relationships. Our 2007 results further validated these strengths.
Principal among the achievements last year were a 32% increase
in revenue and a 25% rise in adjusted* operating income, despite continued weakness in the North American automotive industry. Moreover, we held our debt level constant and improved our leverage ratio even while investing nearly $200 million in capital for new-business launches and $16 million on a technology acquisition. Additionally, we spent $26 million on refinancing actions that lowered our cost of debt and improved our financial flexibility, further positioning us for growth.
During my first year, I spent a lot of time in the field visiting 13 countries and 37 facilities, analyzing Tenneco’s operations and engaging hundreds of employees in constructive dialogue. From the start, and all along the way, I recognized a culture of shared values, cost discipline, innovation and commitment to execution. I learned that our operations and our people are second to none. Their talents, skills and knowledge coupled with the strong 2007 performance confirmed to me that the foundation is in place
to build for the future.
I saw my mandate as extending Tenneco’s vision over a longer time period and developing a roadmap with explicit directions for realizing our goals.
What Differentiates Tenneco
Our opportunities for industry leadership are two-fold: capitalizing on operational advantages that differentiate us in the auto parts industry and developing advanced technologies that anticipate customer needs and preferences.
With these two coordinates, our five-year roadmap has a clear vision. My chief objectives are to enhance our premier research and development capabilities, focus our technologies on capturing global market opportunities and strengthen our business structure through operational excellence.
Looking out at least five years as market trends evolve, I see several key developments that position Tenneco favorably for long-term growth:
• Ever-increasing environmental regulations requiring innovative technologies and yielding higher content per vehicle.
• New emission standards for adjacent markets.
• Growing demand for electronic technologies for ride control comfort and safety.
• Vehicle manufacturers expanding operations globally.
• Emerging economies seeing double-digit vehicle production growth.
• A growing and aging vehicle fleet creating demand for replacement parts.
In 2007, we took some key steps toward achieving our long-
range vision. In support of our roadmap, we acquired a strategic technology for emission control. We launched four diesel platforms in the U.S., including one for a commercial truck. We grew our Japanese original equipment (OE) business by 45% in North America. And we reinforced our commitment to the world’s emerging BRIC economies—Brazil, Russia, India and China—by opening our first emission control engineering center in China and our second manufacturing facility in Russia.
Capitalizing on Operational Advantages
While our success in 2007 and our future opportunities speak to the strengths of our core growth strategy, they also reflect our competitive advantages as a global market-share leader.
• A geographic balance with more than 50% of our revenue and profit from outside North America.
• Relationships with virtually every automotive and commercial vehicle original equipment manufacturer (OEM) around
the world. Products on over 220 different light-vehicle platforms.
• A profitable and customer-diversified global aftermarket business that benefits from synergies with our OE operations.
• A discipline in focusing resources on our core competencies. • Lean manufacturing and standard operating processes.
*An explanation of these adjustments can be found in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the attached Form 10-K. Additionally, a reconciliation of the results is detailed on the inside back cover of this report.
2

                ge
valu
Equally important is knowing where to focus innovation efforts, strategically. Besides offering a higher return, our value-added products open new markets, expand our product lifecycle, create a competitive advantage, and make a positive contribution to safeguarding the environment.
Growth Through Advanced Technologies
The automotive market has been undergoing rapid and significant changes in the last couple of years that, in turn, create opportunities for Tenneco. Environmental pressures globally are driving the
most intense period of regulatory change in history, while vehicle performance demands continue to increase. Manufacturers are looking to suppliers for solutions for increasing fuel efficiency, reducing harmful emissions and improving vehicle ride and handling.
Greater content per vehicle will come from tightening regulatory standards, advanced technologies and safety enhancements. Couple this with the increasing number of vehicles expected to be produced globally, and Tenneco’s growth opportunities become evident.
We’re targeting annual compounded revenue growth for our global OE business of 11%-13% through 2012. This is based on global industry forecasts of 4% annual growth in light-vehicle production, and at least 7% average annual growth in available emissions aftertreatment revenue for light and commercial vehicles. On top
of that, regulation-driven opportunities to gain share in adjacent markets, like agriculture and construction equipment, and growing demand for ride control technologies, like our Continuously Controlled Electronic Shock system (CES), contribute to our growth projection.
Vision—Adding Value Mile by Mile
We’ve set the right course for achieving our goals. With the strength of our team, our strategy and our ever-evolving technology portfolio, I believe we are well positioned to build on our success and take advantage of the market opportunities before us.
In this year’s annual report, we take a closer look at Tenneco’s roadmap—for developing advanced technologies, penetrating adjacent vehicle segments and expanding in emerging markets. This should provide additional insight into our promising future.
Gregg M. Sherrill
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tenneco Inc.
   3
