 Brian Kesseler
Chief Operating Officer
Gregg Sherrill
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Ken Trammell
In 2015, total revenue was $8.2 billion. Our revenue growth outpaced global industry production with a 5 percent increase for the year excluding the impact of currency headwinds of $638 million. Without the currency impact, our revenue growth outpaced light vehicle and commercial truck and off-highway industry production globally. The aftermarket also had an excellent year with strong sales growth in the major regions we serve.
For the year, earnings grew to record-high levels, with adjusted* EBIT of $586 million, adjusted net income of $293 million, and diluted adjusted earnings per share of $4.87. We also delivered our sixth consecutive year of margin improvement. This margin expansion was driven by light vehicle and aftermarket top-line growth, incremental commercial truck and off-highway content, and the benefits from restructuring and cost leadership initiatives. Tenneco’s cash performance in 2015 was outstanding, with cash generated from operations of $517 million, a 52 percent improvement versus last year. In addition to investing in growth, we continued to return value to shareholders through the repurchase of 4.2 million shares for $213 million during the year. We have authorization to make additional share repurchases of $337 million, which we expect to complete by the end of 2017.
Our 2015 results point toward the progress we’re making on our strategic imperatives for each product line. With the right strategies, outstanding products and strong execution, we continue to capitalize on the structural growth drivers that create opportunities for revenue growth and margin expansion.
The first growth driver is increasing global industry production and our ability to outpace industry growth. Tenneco supplies Clean Air and Ride Performance products to more than 340 platforms globally, and in 2015, we launched 144 programs with 70 customers. To support new vehicle launches and customer growth, we opened new manufacturing facilities
in the United States, Poland and India and significantly expanded our operations in Mexico.
Second, incremental content required to meet increasingly stringent emissions standards continues to drive organic growth for Tenneco. In 2015, the primary regulatory focus remained in the off-highway markets, with the Tier 4 final
and Stage 4 regulations continuing to drive growth in North America and Europe, while new diesel aftertreatment programs for Kubota contributed to higher revenues in Japan. In North America, we also benefited from the launch and ramp-up of complete Clean Air systems for the gasoline-
and diesel-powered variants of Ford’s new medium-duty
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
*Adjusted for restructuring activities, pension charges and tax adjustments. See reconciliation on page 29. 45
To Our Shareholders
 I am very pleased with our excellent results in 2015, demonstrating the effectiveness of our strategies to unlock the full potential of Tenneco’s Clean Air and Ride Performance product lines and realize our vision for Tenneco. We are generating profitable growth, continuously improving operations, and investing to achieve long-term success.

 Tenneco's organic revenue growth has consistently outpaced industry production.
Capital Allocation Priorities
1. Fund organic growth
2. Activities to improve cost competitiveness 3. Balance sheet strength
4. Strategic opportunities
5. Capital returns to shareholders
 CAGR Increase from 2006–2015
    Aggregate Industry Production 3.1%
Tenneco Revenue 6.4%
   commercial trucks. We keep building our book of business with commercial truck and off-highway customers and are very well positioned to capitalize on these programs when these cyclical markets improve.
The third growth driver is the increasing demand for our advanced Ride Performance technologies, specifically the
full suite of Monroe® Intelligent Suspension products. This product portfolio ranges from the electronic Dual Mode technology, which we launched on the Ford Focus RS, to
the CVSA2/Kinetic®system in production on the McLaren 650S supercar. We continue to build on the success of these advanced technologies, which have been engineered for more than 40 vehicle models, with the addition of four new platforms launched in 2015 including the new Volvo XC90.
Finally, the expanding global car parc is a growth driver, creating demand for Tenneco’s industry-leading aftermarket products and brands. Global aftermarket revenue grew 6 percent in 2015, excluding currency headwinds, driven by
our premium products, growth with new customers, and
the strength of our distribution channels. We continue to lead in mature markets, while investing for future growth in regions such as China and India. In 2016, we’re celebrating the 100th anniversary of Monroe, one of the world’s most well known automotive brands. Monroe represents quality, customer service, performance and technology, attributes that continue driving higher aftermarket sales, which account for about 40 percent of our total ride performance revenue.
Underpinning these structural growth drivers and reflected in our 2015 results is the balance we have across product lines as well as applications, regions and vehicle platforms. This balance serves us well in supplying cyclical markets and a broad range of customers worldwide.
Clearly, our strategy is working as we’ve won new business and successfully delivered organic revenue growth of 38 percent since 2010, outpacing global industry production
by 20 percentage points. We’ve successfully funded restructuring and cost improvement initiatives, and consistently improved margins and our cost competitiveness which contributed to a 92 percent improvement in adjusted EBIT over the same time period. And all of this was accomplished while significantly improving our balance sheet, giving us the financial strength and flexibility we need to aggressively deploy capital to drive shareholder value.
Organic growth remains our primary objective and we’ll continue making the investments necessary to capture those opportunities, which is the first of our five priorities for capital allocation. At the same time, we also have been investing to optimize our operations globally and continuously improve Tenneco’s cost competitiveness, which is our second priority.
Accomplishing the previous two priorities while maintaining a strong balance sheet is our third priority. Meeting all
our goals including these first three priorities allows us to strengthen our focus on priority number four—strategic opportunities to enhance and accelerate organic growth
in line with our strategic imperatives. We have a robust process for identifying these opportunities and we’re now well-positioned to move forward very selectively with any strategic opportunity that adds to and accelerates the structural growth drivers already in place.
While we believe our first four capital allocation priorities
are the keys to driving the greatest shareholder value, we’re also determined to provide additional capital returns to our shareholders through share repurchases funded by available free cash flow.
In summary, we have a successful business model with two very strong product lines that together are driving profitable growth. We serve an outstanding customer base with Clean Air and Ride Performance products including a full suite
of highly engineered elastomer products to control noise, vibration and harshness (NVH) that are part of both our Ride Performance and Clean Air solutions. From that solid foundation, we’re moving forward aggressively to further our growth prospects and drive greater shareholder value.
The progress achieved in 2015 would not have been possible without the hard work and commitment of Tenneco’s team worldwide, and I thank them for their outstanding efforts in delivering another strong year. More than 30,000 employees around the world work tirelessly to serve our customers, deliver value for our shareholders and continuously improve our operational performance. Thanks to their efforts, the company not only delivered impressive financial results,
but continued to make steady gains in our safety, quality, customer satisfaction and sustainability metrics in 2015.
Over the last five years, we reduced our global injury rate (as measured by the OSHA recordable rate) by 52 percent from 2.04 to 0.97, which is about 80 percent below the average for our industry. While we're pleased with our progress, working to further promote the health of our employees and the safety of our workplaces will always remain a top priority. We also continue to find ways to make our operations more productive while consuming fewer resources, reducing the greenhouse gas emissions of our global operations by more than 33 percent over the past seven years.
To recognize the many contributions made by our employees around the world, we launched a new initiative to celebrate Tenneco employees who embody our values and are leading
at every level of the organization. This program is called TEN10, and I invite you to visit our website www.tenneco.com to read more about the employees selected as 2015 TEN10 award recipients. Their stories serve as great examples of the Tenneco culture, which is united by a common vision, shared values and a commitment to operate always with the highest ethics and integrity everywhere we do business.
Leadership for the Future is the theme for this year’s annual report because it captures two ideas that are central to Tenneco’s success: leadership — which is expected and celebrated at every level of the company; and our shared focus on a future filled with outstanding growth opportunities. On behalf of the entire Tenneco team, we appreciate the support of our shareholders, customers and suppliers.
While we take pride in our 2015 accomplishments, we are even more excited about the future, and remain focused on creating higher value for our shareholders and customers in the years ahead.
Gregg Sherrill
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tenneco Inc.
 67
