  To Our Shareholders:
Ken Trammell
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Gregg Sherrill Hari Nair
Chairman and Chief Operating Officer Chief Executive Officer
 Tenneco began the year well-positioned to benefit from an improving global economy and rising automotive industry production volumes, and I’m pleased to report that we delivered record performance in 2011, achieving our highest-ever revenues and earnings while continuing to strengthen our financial position.
 Technology- Driven Growth
Financial Strength
Operational Excellence
  2

 Our employees, who represent the most dedicated and passionate workforce in our industry, are central to our success and I thank them for their efforts. Tenneco’s results in 2011 are evidence of their relentless commitment to customer satisfaction, quality, innovation, and improving our operations every day.
The results in 2011 also demonstrate the effectiveness of our three-pillar strategy as we made significant progress in generating growth, improving operational excellence and increasing our financial flexibility. Fueling our success in 2011 and beyond is Tenneco’s portfolio of emission control technologies to meet clean air standards globally. Balance is also key to our performance as demonstrated by our strong market segment and customer mix, complimented by our geographic diversity with our presence in the world’s largest and fastest-growing markets.
Balanced Performance
Looking at our performance for the year, Tenneco’s global revenues increased 21% to $7.2 billion, a record high for the company. Revenues for the year were balanced across global markets, with 47% in North America; 42% in Europe, South America and India; and 11% in Asia Pacific. Both our global original equipment and aftermarket businesses contributed to our strong top-line perfor- mance with double-digit revenue increases in each.
There were three primary drivers of our revenue growth in 2011: first, our strong presence on leading vehicle platforms combined with an improved production environment for our OE customers; second, our continued expansion into the commercial vehicle market; and third, the strong performance of our global after- market business.
 2011 Revenue by Geographic Segment
    North America 47%
Europe, South America, India 42%
Asia Pacific 11%
$ in millions North America
Europe, South America and India Asia Pacific
Total Revenue
2011 $3,414
3,013 778
$7,205
2010 $2,821
2,446 670
$5,937
    3

 Global Growth
As expected, automotive industry light vehicle production recov- ered significantly during 2011, and we successfully leveraged our strong position on leading vehicle platforms to deliver record revenue growth across a balanced mix of customers and platforms. We’re proud to be on some of the world’s top-selling vehicles and, in 2011, we continued to launch and win new OE business, with 128 new or replacement platforms awarded.
Commercial Vehicles
Our full suite of emission control solutions for commercial vehicles remains a key growth driver for Tenneco. Increasingly stringent regulations for diesel particulate and NOx are being implemented for both on- and off-road vehicles used in a variety of applications ranging from agriculture to mining to construction. Tenneco’s emissions technology roadmap is aligned to global emissions regulations, which enables us to provide customers the right solution for any engine size or powertrain strategy.
In 2011, our OE commercial vehicle revenue increased by 61%, mostly driven by launches with our North American customers. Going forward, this business will become geographically diverse as vehicle programs launch in South America, Europe, Japan, South Korea and China. Given the continuing adoption and enforcement of diesel emissions regulations, the strength of our technology and the depth of our application engineering expertise in this area, we expect significant growth in our commercial vehicle business.
Tenneco supplies emission control, ride control and elastomer products for the popular Ford F-Series Super Duty® pickup trucks.
  4

  Top 20 Customers As a % of Total 2011 Revenues
  18.6% 14.5% 7.9% 5.8% 3.7% 2.9% 2.7% 2.4% 2.3% 2.1% 1.8% 1.8% 1.5% 1.5% 1.3% 1.1% 1.1% Advanced Auto Parts 1.1% Changan Automobile 1.0%
General Motors Ford Motor Volkswagen Group Daimler AG
    Toyota Motor
SAIC Motor
BMW
PSA Peugeot Citroën Fiat-Chrysler Navistar
      First Auto Works NAPA
Nissan Motor Caterpillar
Geely Automobile Tata Motors Temot Autoteile
         O’Reilly Automotive
Original Equipment 0.9%     Aftermarket
5

  Technology-Driven Growth
 The T.R.U.E.-Clean® Mini helps to maintain the performance of diesel particulate filters in commercial vehicles as part of an integrated emission control system.
The Continuously Controlled Electronic Suspension system (CES) is at the heart of Tenneco’s new generation of advanced ride control technologies.
  The XNOxTM Selective Catalytic Reduction system helps vehicle manufacturers meet global regulatory requirements while offering maximum efficiency, system simplicity and minimal cost.
Our Hydroelastic Mounts feature ten times the damping capability compared to conventional mounts.
  6
Our lighter-weight Fabricated Manifold improves vehicle fuel economy, reduces emissions and boosts engine horsepower and torque.

 Revenue by Product
Emission Control 66%
Ride Control 34%
Advanced technology and engineering expertise differentiate our products and drive growth for Tenneco in our ride control business as well. Our innovative electronic damper technologies target the entire spectrum of light vehicles — from high-end luxury vehicles to smaller city vehicles — helping OEMs achieve the correct balance of comfort and control for each application. We continue to win new business for our Continuously Controlled Electronic Suspension (CES) technology, and launched the system on three new models during the year. At the end of 2011, Tenneco’s CES systems could be found on 33 different production models, and in development for eight additional models.
  The Monroe Gas-Magnum® 70 shock absorbers are specially designed for large trucks, tractors and buses to provide maximum vehicle control with greater stability and driver comfort.
Aftermarket Strength
Tenneco’s global aftermarket continued its steady, profitable performance in 2011, supported by the strength of the North and South American markets. Europe remained a challenge where
we saw market declines, particularly in Western Europe as a result of the scrappage programs introduced several years ago
to promote new vehicle sales. We also saw a mix change due
to growth in ride control sales in Eastern Europe with a lower premium mix of products. Globally, the aftermarket trends are favorable, with a large and growing global base of aging vehicles, and a steady increase in the car parcs in emerging markets. Tenneco is well-positioned to benefit from these trends based on our premium products, leading market positions and the strength of our brands globally.
7

          During 2011, Tenneco was awarded the company’s first-ever emission control products business with AutoZone, a leading distributor and retailer of auto parts in the North American market. In recognition of our ongoing commitment to the highest levels of customer service and satisfaction, we were honored to be named as supplier of the year in 2011 by several of our after- market customers including NAPA, Advance Auto Parts, and Hahn Automotive.
Fast-Growing Market Expansion
Our global network of engineering and production facilities
helps position Tenneco to win new business and capitalize
on the growing production volumes in the world’s fastest-growing markets. In 2011, we continued to strategically expand our manufacturing and engineering capabilities in emerging markets including the BRIC countries as well as Thailand. Over the past two years in China, we have opened five new facilities and relocated and expanded two other sites. In Thailand, we completed the buyout of our emissions control joint venture, while in India, we began relocating and consolidating several EC and RC operations to a new facility in Chakan. In Eastern Europe, growth-driven expansion included the announcement of a new just-in-time (JIT) manufacturing facility in Hungary, as well as a new emissions control plant to be built in the Czech Republic.
In addition to supporting domestic growth in specific markets,
OE customers are increasingly looking for suppliers with the engineering, manufacturing and sourcing capabilities to support global platforms — vehicles produced on two or more continents. One such example is the Ford Focus, a global compact car manufactured in five countries, which Tenneco supports from 11 manufacturing facilities around the world.
Mature Market Growth
While we are well-positioned to capitalize on emerging market growth, underpinning our overall success in 2011 was Tenneco’s continued ability to maximize opportunities in large and well- established markets. In North America, record revenue growth was driven by our strong position on light vehicle models including leading pickup truck and sport utility vehicles. Technology-driven
Revenue by End Market
OE Light Vehicle:
Top 10 Remaining Platforms 250+
30% Platforms
43%
OE CV & Specialty 9% Aftermarket 18%
 8

 Manufacturing Facilities (87) Engineering Centers (14)
growth, particularly with our diesel aftertreatment technologies, was another key driver in North America where we saw the launch and beginning ramp-up on significant commercial vehicle programs.
Our technology leadership and application engineering experi- ence for emissions control systems continue to create growth opportunities in new markets for Tenneco. We’ve already begun to make inroads into the locomotive market for our advanced diesel aftertreatment solutions, with development work well underway. In the U.S., new emissions regulations for the locomotive and marine markets will be phased in beginning in 2014.
As in North America, Tenneco products for emission control and ride control are consistently among the market leaders in Europe. In 2011, our emission control products in Europe made strong contributions to our growth, particularly in luxury vehicles, which are typically a strong segment for European export sales. We also did a good job of capitalizing on diesel regulatory-driven growth opportunities in Europe with initial program launches with new commercial vehicle customers.
9

 Improved Profitability
Equally as important as driving revenue is our ability to deliver shareholder value by converting our top line growth to strong earnings performance and we made solid progress during the year.
In 2011, Tenneco achieved all-time high earnings measures with records in adjusted EBIT, adjusted net income and earnings per share. We also improved our adjusted EBIT as a percentage of value-add revenue to its highest level ever at 7.2%. Our earnings performance was driven by our ability to capitalize on overall higher light vehicle production volumes, as well as the benefit we’re seeing from commercial vehicle programs, which will continue to increase as these programs ramp-up.
 2011 EBIT by Geographic Segment
    North America 57%
Europe, South America, India 33%
Asia Pacific 10%
$ in millions North America
Europe, South America and India Asia Pacific
Total EBIT
2011 2010 $216 $155
125 76 38 50
$379 $281
    10
We also benefited from our relentless focus on delivering opera- tional improvements that flow through to the bottom line, driven by the Tenneco Manufacturing System. As we have done in the past, our global supply chain and cost management programs allowed Tenneco to substantially offset material cost increases during the year. We continued to leverage our SGA&E spend across higher revenues and, in 2011, SGA&E improved to 7.8 percent of sales compared with 9.0 percent in 2010.
Tenneco continued to invest in future growth with spending to increase capacity in fast-growing markets and to support new light and commercial vehicle programs globally. Effective manage- ment of this investment again resulted in capital spending for
2011 of approximately 3 percent of revenue. The organization also maintained a relentless focus on cash generation. Our continued focus on working capital management, combined with the improved earnings performance, helped generate $245 million in

  Our Harrisonburg, Va., emission control plant uses laser cutting equipment to fabricate brackets and flanges for mufflers and pipes from sheets of steel with the precision — but at a fraction of the cost — of die cuts.
                                                                                                                                                                                             11

 cash from operations for 2011. Our improving earnings and cash generation drove our net debt to adjusted EBITDA* ratio to a record low of 1.7x at the end of the year. In addition, we returned value to shareholders by completing the repurchase of 400,000 shares of the company’s outstanding common stock.
*including noncontrolling interests
Committed to Responsible
Business Practices
I’m pleased with the operational results achieved in 2011, and I’m just as proud of the manner in which we achieved them — with a commitment to sound corporate governance and responsible corporate citizenship. One of the biggest responsibilities of all leaders at Tenneco, beginning with me, is to guarantee we oper- ate with the highest standards of integrity and ethical behavior. Additionally, our commitment to the safety of our employees and respect for the environment should be unquestioned.
Tenneco makes products that help reduce vehicle emissions and enhance safety throughout the world. Within our global manufacturing network we continuously work
to reduce the environ- mental impact of our operations and provide a safe workplace for every employee.
 12

 Global Total Case Rate
(Injuries per 100 workers)
The strength of this commitment can be seen in our unwavering focus on ethical business practices, both in our processes and our people. Tenneco operates with a single code of ethics, which sets a consistent standard for all employees, and is emphasized through regular ethics training including mandatory annual certification.
Tenneco also is committed to providing safe workplaces and promoting the health of our employees everywhere we operate. In 2011, we reemphasized the importance of our safety programs and encouraged our employees to build upon recent improve- ments. In five years, we have reduced our global injury rate (as measured by the OSHA recordable rate) from 3.9 to 1.6—a 60% decrease. While Tenneco’s injury rates remain significantly lower than the U.S. industry average, we will not be satisfied until every employee goes home from work as healthy as when they arrived, every day, everywhere we operate. Tenneco also has a dedicated team responsible for our compliance with the European Community’s REACH legislation, which aims to protect workers and the environ- ment by regulating the safe use of chemicals in industry.
Emission Control aut hicius pratem. daestibe- rum quaestem que aped ut ent intorum faccus es excea ab inusda acea volorum exerumEritas enitae as sus utentotae nonecerovita dolor.
              05 06 07 08 09 10 11
Tenneco Global TCR
U.S. Industry Average*
*Source: U.S. Bureau of
Labor Statistics–motor vehicle parts manufacturing
    13
1.6
2.3 2.0
5.2 5.6
3.0 2.7
6.9 6.2
3.4 3.9
8.1 7.1

  Growth for Today and Tomorrow
   14 14

   Building upon our suc- cess in the light vehicle market, we have applied our technology and expertise to commercial vehicles for use in on- and off-road applica- tions. Implementation
of new diesel emission regulations in the marine and locomotive markets beginning in 2014 present further growth opportu- nities for Tenneco.
Tenneco’s dedication to the environment begins with the products we deliver to our customers that help control vehicle emissions and improve the performance of millions of vehicles produced every year. Our dedication to environmental stewardship includes continuously working to minimize the environmental impact of our global operations. Our greenhouse gas reduction initiative continues to progress toward our goal of a 20% reduction by
2014 relative to our 2008 baseline.
The Value of Balance
The road ahead for Tenneco leads to growth. Our business strategy will continue to balance our growth with the operational excellence to achieve that growth profitably, and the financial discipline to build long-term financial strength.
In 2012, we expect our global OE revenue to reach a new high of $6.6 billion, including significant growth in our commercial vehicle business which is projected to reach $1.2 billion. Our long term outlook remains positive with a projected 5-year OE revenue CAGR of 11%–14% from 2011 through 2016.
Looking forward, I am confident that Tenneco will build upon the positive momentum we’ve created in 2011. Our employees are driven to satisfy our customers by continuously improving every aspect of our business.
On behalf of the entire Tenneco team, I want to thank our share- holders for their support in 2011. We’ll keep working hard to reward your confidence in all of us by continuing to grow and improve the profitability of this great company together.
Sincerely,
Gregg Sherrill
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tenneco Inc.
 15
