Mark P. Frissora Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders
2
For Tenneco Automotive, 2003 was the most successful year since becoming a stand-alone company. Revenue, profitability, new business and debt reduction were all at record performance levels. This progress reflects our continued focus on a core strategy of generating cash to pay down debt
by strengthening business relationships, controlling costs, lowering working capital and improving gross margins.
Adhering to this
strategic focus, in 2003
we achieved:
s A new high in revenues of $3.8 billion, up 9 percent over 2002. s The most new business booked
in a single year.
s Our highest revenue per employee
at $196,771.
s A new low of 11.4 percent of sales
for overhead expenses.
s Our highest operating income
of $176 million, a 4 percent year-over-
year increase.
s A two-phased debt refinancing that
improved flexibility and liquidity.
s Our lowest level of debt net of cash
balances at $1.285 billion.
s More than $154 million in cash flow
before financing activities due to a 16 percent improvement in cash flow from working capital.
s The highest increase in enterprise value—the market value of our debt and equity—at 34 percent.
    
As we pursue the strategies that generated this success, we are focusing on investments in proprietary technolo- gies for growth markets, increasing
the variability of our cost structure
and improving our financial flexibility.
Investments in Growth
Higher Global Emission Standards Require Advanced Technology Environmental regulators are tightening emission standards around the world, increasing the value of emission control content per vehicle. We have invested
in technologies that meet more stringent requirements such as our diesel particulate filter, DeNOx converter and lightweight fabricated manifolds. These cutting-edge products, in demand by PSA, Audi, Mercedes Benz and other automakers, command higher margins.
Commercial Truck Recovery Suits Established Capability
The estimated 25 percent increase in commercial vehicle production projected for 2004 would mark a turnaround, driven by improvement in general economic conditions and higher freight volumes. Progressively tighter emission regulations affecting heavy-duty trucks will take effect throughout the decade, increasing the size of the global commercial truck exhaust market for
the products we offer to an estimated $2.3 billion in 2010 from $173 million
in 2003. Our technology investments, developed for light trucks, are transfer- able to the medium- and heavy-truck market. We have formed a new business
  unit to concentrate on heavy duty and other commercial vehicles worldwide, which should allow us to capture an expanded share of this growing segment.
Number One in China
Our early investments in China and
the forging of effective joint ventures have made us the country’s leading
OE emission control supplier. China’s economy leads the world in growth
as passenger car production rose
55 percent in 2003 over the previous year. Production is expected to increase about 10 percent annually through the decade, which would make China the world’s second largest vehicle market in 2010. Our revenues in China have increased at a compounded annual growth rate of 60 percent since 1998.
Targeting Japanese OEMs
Japanese original equipment manufac- turers (OEMs) have sharply increased their share of the North American auto- motive market. Through alliances with Futaba and Tokico, leading Japanese emission control and ride control suppliers, we have strengthened our relationships with these producers. We are the only North American supplier in our business segments to work with all of the Japanese Big Three—Toyota, Honda and Nissan—and have raised the share of our North America OEM revenues from Japanese automakers
to 18 percent at 2003 year-end from 14 percent at the close of 2002.
New Aftermarket Products
We have a new aftermarket strategy to introduce service parts to our core offering of shocks, mufflers and associated “hard parts.” Service parts are parts on a vehicle that are serviced regularly—like windshield wipers, filters and brakes.
In December, we signed an exclusive licensing agreement with DuPont
to market a line of premium car care products in North America. The line, including car washes and waxes, capitalizes on DuPont’s valuable Teflon® brand name. Our investment in this high-margin product line is minimal
as we outsource manufacturing, while leveraging our distribution channels. We expect to introduce additional service parts in the next year in both North America and Europe.
Variable Cost Structure
We are implementing a number
of measures to increase the variability of our cost structure, including outsourcing non-core production processes and select services to manufacturers or regions of the world that can render them most efficiently. These actions will give us the flexibility to respond faster and more effectively to changes in the marketplace.
3

We are expanding our use of Six Sigma and employing Lean manufacturing and other initiatives to improve our produc- tion capability, streamline operations and reduce costs.
s Six Sigma generated $27 million in cost savings in 2003 by reducing defects and waste. An additional $20 million in savings is expected this year.
s Our Lean manufacturing initiatives, modeled on the Toyota Production System, are reducing costs, inventories and lead times, while improving on-time delivery.
s Our Project Genesis restructuring program has improved capacity utilization by closing underutilized manufacturing facilities and improving workflow at remaining plants. Genesis yielded $17 million in incremental savings in 2003 in addition to the
$12 million saved in 2002. Now that the program is complete, we will benefit from the full $30 million
of cost reductions that have been achieved over the past two years.
s Additionally, we are among our industry’s best-in-class in plant safety performance, which further enhances our global manufacturing position. Safety performance is based on a total case rate measure, which is calculated by the number of injuries per 100 employees. Our total case rate was 3.5 last year, which is 65 percent lower than the industry average.
Go East
In Europe, we are more closely aligning with our customers and lowering costs
4
  by expanding more of our operations to Eastern Europe. We now operate six facilities in Poland, Russia and the Czech Republic and these plants
were responsible for most of the 2003 launches in Europe.
Improved Financial
Flexibility
Last year, we executed a very successful two-phased debt refinancing transaction that improved our flexibility in the appli- cation of our cash flow and created greater liquidity. The new agreements extended nearly all debt maturities out to 2009 and beyond.
When Tenneco Automotive became
a stand-alone company in 1999, our debt totaled approximately $1.7 billion. We reduced this by nearly $300 million and are further improving our capital structure by debt reduction through higher earnings and cash flow, as well as opportunistic debt management
in an environment of low interest rates and strong capital markets.
Looking Ahead
We will continue to strive toward improved performance, focusing on additional cost and capacity reductions, greater flexibility and investments in tech- nology that fuel new business growth.
Our book of new business is at a peak with revenues from OEMs in 2004 estimated to climb 3 percent over 2003. In 2005, we expect our OEM book of business to increase 11 percent over 2003, with strong potential for additional growth.
 The continued success of Tenneco Automotive ultimately will be driven by uncompromising integrity—in the way we deal with our customers, manage our employees and report
to our stakeholders—and a corporate culture committed to world-class performance through execution
and discipline.
At Tenneco Automotive, we believe
our people are our most valuable asset. They design our products, manufacture our products and sell our products. Recognizing this, we invest in a culture that provides opportunities for employee development, which results in greater job satisfaction as exemplified by our salaried-employee turnover rate, which we believe is well below the industry average. This distinguishes Tenneco Automotive and reflects a unique advan- tage, both in serving our customers and in allowing us to retain and recruit the best and brightest employees.
In the end, our overall objective is
clear and unchanging. We are deter- mined to build on the fundamentals that enable our business to succeed
and will continue to invest in opportuni- ties that strengthen our position in
key growth areas.
Mark P. Frissora Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer April 2004
 