 To Our Shareholders
Our performance last year was a success on many levels, culminating in a 25% increaseinadjusted* earningspershare.
We have solved the management dilemma—growing the business while shrinking costs.
  2
Tenneco enters 2006 with our most robust portfolio of projected business ever, the greatest financial strength in our six-year history, and a wide range of competitive advantages.
Strategic Growth Drives Robust Sales Projection
We are concentrating on strategic growth areas:
n Increasing our investment in new technologies for diesel emission and electronic ride control products;
n Positioning ourselves in every high- growth region around the globe;
n Penetrating adjacent markets like commercial trucks and motorcycles;
n Targeting the fast-growing OEMs in Japan and Korea; and
n Leveraging our strong brands into higher-replacement service-parts categories, like brakes and filters.
These building blocks provide a foundation that has Tenneco poised for $1 billion of projected OE revenue growth in 2007. Furthermore, we estimate 40% of 2007 OE sales will come from these strategic growth areas, up from approximately 22% in 2005.
2005 Operating Performance
Sparks Share Gain
Our performance last year was a success on many levels, as we continued to outdistance the competition and solidify our leadership position.
Our revenue, operating income and earnings per share reached levels unsurpassed at any time in Tenneco’s independent history. We delivered sales of $4.4 billion, up 5% over 2004, outperforming the industry’s estimated 3% global light-vehicle production increase. We reached this milestone while carefully managing costs, allowing
us to fully translate the greater revenue into operating profit expansion, adjusted* for certain items, despite $135 million of higher steel prices.
The end result was a 25% improve- ment in adjusted* earnings per share.
Operational accomplishments in 2005 reflect our expansion into adjacent markets. Last year, we were awarded International Truck & Engine Corp.’s medium-duty truck platform that is a big part of our 2007 projected growth. This is high-content diesel business that marks our first commercial vehicle contract for emission control in
North America. We also furthered
our penetration into the two-wheeler market when we acquired the primary exhaust provider to Harley-Davidson.
Tenneco stockholders realized a
14% return on investment in our common shares last year driven by our solid operating performance; favorable platform, customer and geographic mix; and rising investor appreciation
of our growth strategies. In contrast, the S&P 1500 Auto Index declined
21% primarily affected by industry challenges in North America.
New Director Brings Global Perspective
Earlier this year, we added Mitsunobu “Tony” Takeuchi to our board of directors. Tony was formerly the chairman and chief executive officer of DENSO International Americas, Inc., the North American arm of Japan- based DENSO Corp., the world's third-largest automotive supplier.
His global perspective, vast industry knowledge and outstanding business judgment will benefit Tenneco greatly as we expand our focus on global growth opportunities.
*An explanation of these adjustments can be found in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the attached Form 10-K. Additionally, a reconciliation of the results is detailed on the inside back cover of this report.

An Appropriate Name Change
As I mentioned earlier, our strategies for growth are not limited to the automotive sector. Heavy-duty trucks and motorcycles have emission-
and ride-control products that offer opportunities to expand our top line into adjacent, potentially counter- cyclical markets. This diversification into sectors outside of automotive led to our name change late last year to Tenneco Inc. Deleting “Automotive” from our name is a natural step in the evolution of the enterprise. Tenneco Inc. is less restrictive in representing the direction of our company and how far we aspire to go.
As I look out over the next decade,
it is imperative that we maintain our passionate customer focus and product leadership in each operating segment served, while expanding into new non- automotive markets. Three years ago we set our sights on the commercial vehicle market for emissions. Today we have platforms in Europe and
North America that we estimate will increase our market share in this
Mark P. Frissora Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
March 2006
segment to 10% by 2007. We expect this share to double by the end of the decade benefiting from the ever-more stringent heavy truck emission regulations mandated for 2009 and 2010. Penetrating other adjacent markets for emission control, like construction, agriculture and industrial equipment, and small engines for lawnmowers and golf carts, represents a significant incremental growth opportunity for Tenneco that we expect will extend and further diversify our revenue stream over the long term.
Growing the Business While Shrinking Costs
While delivering sustainable growth, our culture of continuous improvement means that we are standardizing business processes, operating more efficiently and delivering greater value. Training for Lean Manufacturing and
Six Sigma programs to reduce waste and improve quality has been effective. Today we are doing more with less.
By focusing on our core competencies with a spirit of execution and discipline, we have solved the management dilemma—growing the business while shrinking costs.
Our People are the Key
Our future will be built around the great work of the nearly 19,000 employees of Tenneco. We continue to invest in the development of our people as we roll out change management and leadership training for the hourly workforce. I believe our talented employees have made and will continue to make Tenneco
a standout enterprise, and it is my privilege to lead them.
Mark P. Frissora
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
March 2006
    3
