>> TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Over the last five years, we’ve made tremendous headway in improving our financial position and enhancing operating results, and 2004 was no exception.
Our team of more than 18,000 employees has steadily transformed this company from a struggling, highly leveraged
and newly independent operation to
a profitable, high-tech auto supplier with leading market share positions in every region of the world and in each of our product lines.
Enhanced Shareholder Value
Since becoming a stand-alone company, we’ve pursued the same goals of debt reduction and market expansion, relying on stringent cost management, capitalizing on natural growth drivers and leveraging alliances and joint ventures to get us there. Staying the course has continued to yield improving results. Even in 2004, against a difficult industry backdrop, we remained disciplined in the execution of these strategies and ultimately delivered outstanding results. Let me put some numbers to my enthusiasm.
• Revenues increased 12% in 2004 to $4.2 billion — our highest ever.
• Operating income adjusted for certain items increased 21% over 2003, representing three years
of consecutive improvements since becoming a stand-alone company.
• Adjusted earnings were our best ever at $1.18 per share, which is 115% higher than the previous year.
• Capital spending was unchanged from 2003 at $130 million despite the impact of the higher Euro and the fact that in 2004 we more than doubled the number of product or platform launches implemented.
• And debt less cash balances ended the year at a historically low $1.206 billion, down 6% from 2003.
I’ve cited adjusted numbers so that
you can see how our base operations are performing. Of course, an explanation of these adjustments, including restructuring and other items, can be found in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of the attached Form 10-K. Additionally, a reconciliation of the results is detailed on the inside back cover of this report.
2

Tenneco Automotive 2004 Annual Report
 Mark P. Frissora
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President April 2005
In 2004, our liquidity benefited from
the successful refinancing of our most-expensive 11 5/8% bonds for new
8 5/8% bonds due 2014. As a result,
we will generate pre-tax interest expense savings of about $15 million annually.
The market’s view of our strong operating performance and this favorable refinancing transaction was reflected in a 171% increase in the market capitalization of our stock last year. This led to two Automotive News Shareholder Value Awards, which recognized Tenneco for delivering
the highest shareholder return among automotive suppliers for 2004 and over the latest three-year period.
Shareholders also benefited from our long-standing commitment to corporate governance best practices including independence, transparency and accountability. We will continue to incor- porate the same high standards and integrity in every aspect of our business.
The Foundation of Our Success
As I think about the exciting opportunities ahead for Tenneco, I realize that we wouldn’t be in a position to take advan- tage of many of them were it not for the significant amount of change that’s taken place over several tough years.
Positive change. Above all else, we’ve become an extremely process-oriented company. This is a priority for us and
I’m passionate about it. We’ve invested in training for every manager in the organization and are now moving that training down to the shop floor, so that everyone is on the same page and equally accountable. Process tools like Lean Manufacturing, Six Sigma, Business Operating Systems, 8D analysis—
these are what give Tenneco its low- cost advantage. They allow us to reduce our fixed costs, providing greater flexibility when we need it, while continuing to be competitive for the benefit of our customers.
Restructurings have been necessary and effective. We’ve closed excess capacity, right-sized our workforce and reorganized our plants for optimal workflow. This has been an extensive undertaking,
but the results have made it worthwhile. We’re benefiting from higher capacity utilization, improved manufacturing efficiencies and lower overhead costs. Today we’re a leaner, more streamlined and more efficient business. There’s still work to do of course, but we’re much better positioned to capitalize on the many growth opportunities that are now ours for the taking.
3

Strategic Framework
On this front, our strategic plan has two primary objectives. First, we’re targeting growth markets where we can take advantage of external trends.
Examples include:
• emerging automotive regions like China and Eastern Europe;
• legislation-driven regulations
for emissions and consumer safety concerns— each offer greater prospects for technology-driven companies;
• frequently replaced service parts, like brakes and filters, in the aftermarket; and
• new and existing customers with positive growth trajectories, like the Japanese and Korean automakers.
Second, we’re focused on further diversifying our revenue stream through entry into counter-cyclical adjacent markets like commercial and specialty vehicles.
Diversity of platforms, geography, customers, markets and product lines has been the key to our revenues out- performing global market production
rates in each of the last eight quarters. Continuing to diversify our business will better insulate us during challenging automotive cycles.
Our priority is to grow organically.
We’ve come a long way in improving our financial position and have no intention of stepping backwards. Where value
can be added through acquisitions, we’ll be opportunistic. However, our criteria are stringent. Any acquisition must be accretive and credit neutral. That was the case with our early-2005 $10 million acquisition that brought us all of the exhaust business for Harley-Davidson motorcycles. This profitable business generated 2004 revenues of $38 million and supports our diversification strategy while leveraging our technology strength. Any future acquisitions must offer a low-risk way to grow revenues by enhancing our technical capability in areas like electronics and software for ride control, and air-flow management or fuel management for emission control.
For 2005, our goal is to continue to pursue opportunities that will make Tenneco a stronger company going forward, building on the considerable progress achieved over the last five years. Our improved performance is a sign that we’re on the right track.
But for all the progress that we’ve made, we’re really just getting started. We have a distinctive mix of leading brands, growing channels and strong positions around the world. We will continue to focus on areas of high potential, relying on our global workforce of talented, experienced and motivated people to lead us through Execution and Discipline.
Mark P. Frissora
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
April 2005
  4
