RONALD M. DEFEO
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Our emphasis will be on margin improvement. It is at this time of the cycle that we need to make sure we improve our margins and generate appropriate levels of cash.

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
Our Company made progress during 2011 and our prospects for 2012 look very encouraging. I hope you feel like I do, that it's an excellent time to be a shareholder of Terex. In the next few paragraphs I will highlight some of the progress we've made as well as some of the opportunities to strengthen our Company and improve our competitiveness. In a nutshell, we returned to profitability in 2011 and re-established growth from our existing businesses. Our overall net sales increased 48% compared with last year and excluding the Demag Cranes AG acquisition grew 33%. Unfortunately, margins lagged our sales growth, but we feel we have a solid plan to recapture the margins, as well as cash flow, as we manage these areas aggressively in 2012. The global environment for capital equipment is better today than it has been in years. The underlying demand for equipment in North American and Developing markets is generally more positive than in European markets, although even some parts of Europe are doing quite well. The simplest way I can explain this is that it feels like a more normal environment for a capital goods company. As expected, several of our product categories are on an improving trend. Last year, we saw rapid sales growth, specifically within

our AWP and Construction segments. However, margin performance lagged due to supplier cost increases coupled with an inability to secure pricing to offset those increases. We believe the Crane business bottomed in 2011 and, while recovery is still a few quarters away, the trends are clearly more positive. We also initiated some significant cost reductions within our Cranes segment. We restructured our Terex Port Equipment business and exited the mobile harbor crane product line. This, coupled with significant savings within our German operations, brought the cost structure more in line with sales. As you probably know, our Crane business tends to lag our other businesses, typically being the last of our segments to go into a downturn and the last to come back during a recovery. We have almost half of Terex on the enterprise IT system we internally call the Terex Management System, or TMS. This is a major process change underway in our Company that will eventually provide better visibility and the tools necessary to build a global architecture for further improvements. It is fundamental for shared services, improved credit management, better working capital management, and better tax planning capability in the years ahead. We accomplished the integration of our AWP new equipment activity onto TMS in 2011 with little disruption to the business.

TEREX CORPORATION

A nnual Repor t 2011

1

NET SALES AND OPERATING MARGIN

There are over 1,000 salespeople and over 200 locations around the world selling and servicing the
(USD in Billions)

8 7 6

$7.57

$7.96
12

$6.50 $4.42 $3.86

8 4 0 -4 -8 -12
(percent)

Demag product lines. This is certainly something that can help build a services capability within Terex and we are excited about this opportunity.

5 4 3 2 1 0

2007

2008*

2009

2010

2011

% Operating Margin
* Operating margin excludes the effect of goodwill impairment.

We also made progress delayering the management structure of Terex. We created an Executive Leadership Team made up of profit and loss managers as well as staff support leadership that reports to me and runs the overall business. We also created an Extended Executive Leadership Team which is the next level down, with the intention being to allow rapid communication of change activities and better alignment around regional, segment, and corporate initiatives. This journey continues in 2012. As you know, we made some significant investments in 2011. The largest was the acquisition of 82% of the outstanding shares of Demag Cranes AG, a great new product platform that we can build upon. This was a challenging acquisition to make, as it required an unsolicited tender offer that eventually led to a business combination agreement which was supported by both the Management Board and the Supervisory Board of Demag Cranes AG. Demag Cranes AG has been consolidated into Terex as a new segment named Material Handling & Port Solutions (MHPS). There are three primary businesses. The first is the Industrial Crane business, which is an overhead crane and lifting business with multiple end-use applications. Many of the applications are in factories around the world where Demag has a very strong name and heritage. Additionally, components are sold into a variety of other lifting applications. The second business is the

Port Equipment business that has historically been marketed under the "Gottwald" brand. The product lines within Gottwald are a near perfect fit with the Terex Port Equipment products currently managed within our Cranes segment. And lastly, MHPS contains an excellent services franchise which is both high margin and significant in size. There are over 1,000 salespeople and over 200 locations around the world selling and servicing the Demag product lines. This is certainly something that can help build a services capability within Terex and we are excited about this opportunity. As I write this letter in early March, we recently entered into a Domination and Profit and Loss Transfer Agreement with Demag Cranes AG and are working towards achieving effectiveness of domination. This process is governed by German law and we expect sometime in 2012 to have management control of this enterprise and full access to the cash flows. We also acquired a small business in Brazil in 2011 called Ritz which will reside in our Aerial Work Platforms segment. This company is a leader in Brazil with a particular emphasis on aerial products for the utilities industry. While quite small, it is a good example of a bolt-on acquisition that gives us improved geographic presence in this developing market.

2

TEREX CORPORATION

A nnual Repor t 2011

NET SALES BY SEGMENT 2011

NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHY 2011
USA / Canada 33% Western Europe 28%

Aerial Work Platforms 27%

Construction 23%

Materials Processing 10% Material Handling & Port Solutions 10%

Cranes 30%

Rest of the World 39%

Our Company continued its emphasis on good governance in 2011. The Terex Way values are becoming a greater part of our culture and remain the foundation upon which we build our business. The six Terex Way values are Integrity, Respect, Improvement, Servant Leadership, Courage and Citizenship. Turning to our Board of Directors, William Fike retired from our Board after approximately 16 years of service. Bill was our first independent lead director, brought a wealth of operating experience, and was a good, steady counselor for me. We thank him for his service to our Company. In October 2011, we added Scott Wine to our Board of Directors. Scott is currently the CEO of Polaris Industries Inc. and has a wealth of operating and lean industrial business experience. We welcome him to the Terex team. Our emphasis in 2012 will be different than 2011. We do not forecast significant growth in our underlying businesses. In total, we are forecasting about a 5% growth in net sales, excluding the MHPS business. Inclusive of this segment, we are expecting 15 to 20% net sales growth. Our emphasis will be on margin improvement. It is at this time of the cycle that we need to make sure we improve our margins and generate appropriate levels of cash. Please be assured that if the

margins are solid and the cash is being generated, we will return to an emphasis of growth. But we have our priorities established to focus on margin improvement first, as we think this is in the best interest of our long-term recovery. At this point in time, we do not see 2012 as being a year of significant acquisitions. Our primary job will be to integrate Demag Cranes AG into our Company. There are a lot of opportunities still embedded within the Terex businesses and we want to harvest these opportunities as we continue to mature as a Company. As I stated in the beginning of this letter, it's an excellent time to be a shareholder of Terex. While no one can predict the future with certainty, we believe we have the Company positioned for a better tomorrow, starting today. Thank you for your continued support.

Sincerely,

Ron DeFeo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2012

3

