DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
Ronald M. DeFeo
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

For our Company, 2014 was a year of progress despite a challenging and somewhat unpredictable operating environment. We thank you for your continued support and look forward to improved performance in the coming years. We remain focused on delivering innovative new products, driving efficiency through lean manufacturing practices, providing responsive service and support, and enhancing both our customers' and our stakeholders' return on investment. Last year, we made moderate financial progress and experienced about 3% sales growth. Income from continuing operations improved $50.0 million, or $0.48 per share in 2014 as compared to 2013 (on an as adjusted basis, we improved $7.3 million or $0.12 per share). Aided by our focused working capital improvement activities, we were able to generate $329 million in free cash flow in 2014, meaningfully above our expectations. This enabled us to improve our liquidity by $342 million compared to December 2013. In addition, we completed our stock repurchase program, securing $170 million of stock in 2014 and returned $0.20 per share in dividends to our shareholders. For the full year, adjusted operating profit was flat with 2013. Our Material Handling & Port Solutions (MHPS) and Construction segments showed profit improvements. Our

We believe our ongoing product initiatives will improve our competitiveness in the marketplace, as well as enhance our customers' return on capital.

MHPS segment increased profitability by $54 million, as the restructuring activities implemented in the segment over the past 18 months have begun to improve results. We also delivered on large port automation projects and launched a number of newly designed products. The Construction segment improved substantially, breaking even for the year despite challenging markets. Unfortunately, the performances of our Cranes, Materials Processing and Aerial Work Platforms (AWP) segments were below 2013 levels. The Cranes and Materials Processing segments faced end markets that were unpredictable at best, and in some areas declining. Our AWP segment experienced a year of improved sales, but a number of operating inefficiencies and increased investments muted the segment's margin performance. Significantly, we continued our multi-year trend of improvements in safety. In 2014, we realized a lost time injury reduction of 26%. Even more important to us is that over the last seven

TEREX CORPORATION Annual Report 2014

1

years we have seen substantial safety improvements in virtually every facility. Our continued emphasis on safety has helped improve the lives of our team members, but our commitment must never stop because even a single injury is one too many.

FOCUSING ON OUR CULTURE AND STRENGTHS
We continue to purposefully build the Terex culture. The culture is built around THE TEREX WAY ­ values and beliefs that guide our actions and behaviors. They are catalysts for personal responsibility and entrepreneurship, where our 20,000 plus team members can each make a difference for customers and themselves, every day. With our unique culture, we can run a vibrant global enterprise, serving diverse industries across many markets. Our portfolio choices reflect over 20 years of carefully configuring a complete industry-leading product line. We focus on solidifying our position as a lifting and material handling solutions company. Each of our five segments has a clear customer, product and geographic strategy. Today, greater than 80% of our revenue comes from products where we

LOOKING AHEAD WITH CONFIDENCE
We are excited about the many new products on the horizon for this year and beyond. We believe our ongoing product initiatives will improve our competitiveness in the marketplace, as well as enhance our customers' return on capital. We recently introduced a number of significant products into the marketplace. Our expanded product offering increases our geographic competitiveness and is aimed at delivering to the customer, solutions that help them win in competitive markets.

We need to understand our customers, respect our customers, approach them with the right attitude and be responsive to their needs. Our success is dependent on our customers' success.

are a top three competitor in the market served. We focus on customers and customer outcomes. Customers come in many shapes, sizes and configurations. We need to understand our customers, respect our customers, approach them with the right attitude and be responsive to their needs. Our success is dependent on our customers' success.

Additionally, we continue to execute in improvement areas we can control, with specific focus on delivering improvement initiatives and further enhancing our capital structure. With this, we firmly believe our Company is on a steady course of progress and improved results. We outlined our initiatives externally late in 2014, and expect to complete these projects with a value of over $200 million by the end of 2016. We are making progress but there remains quite a lot of work ahead of us: optimizing our manufacturing footprint, supplier synergies, productivity, headcount, design and product simplification, tax rate, working capital, more efficient information technology investments, and much more. Our team members globally are tackling these challenges aggressively, and we are a stronger, more capable company today because of these efforts.

We focus on shareholders and shareholder return. We know 2014 was a difficult year for most of our shareholders. We disappointed you as we reduced earnings expectations during the year. Our goal is to be the most profitable company in our industry as measured by ROIC. We are working hard to achieve that goal by constantly evolving our portfolio, reducing costs and streamlining operations. We focus on team members and collaboration. We always want to be a great place to work; a place where ideas and engagement flourish; a place where every team member is empowered to act on the customer's behalf. We have a strong and experienced leadership team who fully subscribe to the value of servant leadership, and apply it to both internal team members as well as our customers.

2

TEREX CORPORATION Annual Report 2014

OUR LINE OF SIGHT FOR 2015 AND BEYOND
We know 2015 will have its share of challenges, as we have already seen volatile currency exchange rates and some customer uncertainty surrounding the sharp reduction in oil prices. Our organization is not confused about our objectives:
(USD in Billions)

NET SALES AND OPERATING MARGIN
10 8 6 4 2 0 2011 2012 2013 2014 (percent) 6 4 2 0

8

$6.16

$6.98

$7.08

$7.31

drive improvement in those activities that we can control, deliver excellent products and service to our customers, and enhance the safety and engagement of our team members. As we move into 2015 and beyond, Terex is a vibrant company with high aspirations. We look forward to making excellent progress by continuing to improve our financial performance and strategic position in the global marketplace ­ always stronger, always more capable. Our experienced management team, along with our committed team members, will leverage the Terex Way Values to help improve the lives of people around the world while improving the profitability of our customers. I would like to thank you for your continuing support. I look forward to sharing our future progress with you. Feel free to share your thoughts directly with me or any member of management or our Board of Directors. As always, we understand who we work for.

% Operating Margin

NET SALES BY SEGMENT 2014

n  Aerial Work Platforms 32% n  Cranes 24% n  Material Handling &  Port Solutions 24% n  Construction 11% n  Materials Processing 9%

NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHY 2014

Sincerely,

n  USA / Canada 41% n  Western Europe 31% n  Rest of the World 28%

Ronald M. DeFeo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2015

TEREX CORPORATION Annual Report 2014

3

