04

Chairman's Message

Dear Fellow Shareholders

Commitment: a pledge or promise made; the act of engaging oneself. For Terex, delivering on our commitments is how we gauge our success. We make commitments to our investors, to our customers, and to our team members. We know there has to be the right balance between an achievable goal and one that stretches our abilities. We are committed to building a better Company, a superb operating Company, a great Company over the long term. We want an enterprise that endures. We have made tremendous strides in moving our organization forward toward becoming a better Company. But we are far from the Company that we can be, in my opinion, which is why we feel that there is still much opportunity in front of us. We are committed to delivering outstanding financial results for our owners. In 2007, we achieved net income of $614 million on net sales of $9.1 billion. Income from continuing operations increased 55 percent on a 19 percent gain in net sales when compared with 2006. We continue to benefit from global economic strength, coming mainly from the unprecedented infrastructure needs of the developing world. In early 2007, we committed to a "12 X 12 in '10" goal. That is, we are dedicated to achieving $12 billion in net sales with a 12% operating margin in 2010. We finished 2007 ahead of the pace necessary to achieve this ambitious goal. Growth must always be accompanied by returns. Consequently, a critical internal metric for us is our Return On Invested Capital (ROIC). We delivered a very strong 43 percent ROIC performance in 2007; a marked improvement from the 13 percent we achieved in 2004 when we established our vision to become

Moving Forward Together

05

Ronald M. DeFeo
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

a superb operating company. We feel this is industry leading performance. Despite our record performance, we admittedly remain a very young Company, a Company that is full of potential. We have far more potential in front of us than past successes behind us. Having had a chance to meet and interact personally with many of our nearly 21,000 employees worldwide, I see an energized organization that relishes the chance to truly make a difference, to be part of something special. We are committed to doing what we must to reach our full potential. Central to achieving our potential is delivering what our vision statement promises to our customers, investors and team members. Our vision is our commitment.
· Customers: We aim to be the most customer

For our customers, we ask and we listen. We have not always heard glowing reviews on our performance, but the reviews are improving steadily. We are focused on building deep and lasting relationships with our customers, relationships that are based upon exceeding customer expectations at every opportunity. We are committed to being centered on the customer, and applying this frame of mind to all aspects of our products and services. We must continue to deepen our understanding of how our products are used and how to provide exceptional service and support. We want to build a partnership with our customers, to create relationships that are mutually beneficial. We fully realize that our customers have a choice, and our performance ultimately determines whether they choose us or our competitors. For our investors, we have rallied our organization around delivering industry leading return on invested capital. Rigorous asset management remains the linchpin to our financial strategy to deliver superior returns on the capital employed in our business on a consistent basis. Much of our success in controlling assets has resulted from improved operating processes. Where we have been successful in the implementation

responsive company in the industry as determined by our customers.
· Investors: We aim to be the most profitable

company in our industry as measured by return on invested capital.
· Team Members: We aim to be the best place to work

in the industry as determined by our team members.

06

of lean manufacturing principles, we have seen substantial reduction in working capital intensity. We endeavor to drive improved working capital performance. Our objective remains to achieve a 15 percent or better working capital to net sales ratio by the end of 2010. As a result, we fully expect to achieve a more significant and dependable cash flow profile over the years to come. For our team members, we are investing in workplace safety, diversity and inclusion, and training. The safety of our team members comes first and is non-negotiable. Our organization is committed to ensuring that our team members return home safely and in good health. We are constantly reviewing our workplace ergonomics and production practices, and are investing in solutions to ensure that productivity improvements do not come at the expense of safety. We will not sacrifice safety for profit. We can and we must do better in this area. I set a goal in the beginning of 2007 of a 25% reduction in lost time accidents per year for the next three years. We ended 2007 with a 21% improvement. This was a great start. Secondly, and paramount for our future success, is a commitment to having a diverse and inclusive workforce. Our workforce needs to, and will, mirror the global demographics of our customers. This will aid us in responding to rapidly changing global conditions, opening new markets, and is simply the right thing to do. A diverse team member workforce is more knowledgeable, more productive and more profitable. Our organization has many positive core qualities. We are an entrepreneurial organization, one that allows people to make a difference through quick and decisive actions. We are less bureaucratic and more agile than

many of our competitors. These qualities are deeplyrooted values that have defined our organization. We are increasingly embracing continuous improvement as a way of life. Part of this was through necessity, as we dealt with the reality that our growth had outpaced our organizational capabilities. We successfully addressed our financial reporting weaknesses and continue to make great strides in improving our reporting processes and ensuring we have the right organizational talent. This year, we codified our values into what we call "The Terex Way." This defines our essence as a company. The Terex Way is our collective commitment on what it means to be part of Terex. Some of these values are already deeply-rooted in our Terex culture; some will need to be developed further. A brief summary of the six key values that comprise The Terex Way follow.
· Integrity: Integrity reflects honesty, ethics, transparency

and accountability. We are committed to maintaining high ethical standards in all of our business dealings.
· Respect: Respect incorporates concern for safety,

health, teamwork, diversity, inclusion and performance. We treat all our team members, customers and suppliers with respect and dignity.
· Improvement: Improvement encompasses quality,

problem-solving systems, continuous improvement culture and collaboration. We continuously search for new and better ways of doing things, focusing on the elimination of waste and continuous improvement.
· Servant Leadership: Servant leadership requires

service to others, humility, authenticity and leading by example. We work to serve the needs of our customers, investors and team members.

Moving Forward Together

07

· Courage: Courage entails willingness to take risks,

updates on our progress in honest and forthright communications. Although we remain proud of our historical achievements, we are more excited about our future opportunities to make a difference for our customers, our suppliers, our team members, our communities, and, of course, our investors. There are no guarantees in life. There are many risks and uncertainties that can pull us off course. You have my commitment, in any event, to lead Terex to even better performance tomorrow than today. It may not be a straight line, but the trend is north and the pace is rapid. On behalf of the entire Terex team, thank you for your continued support.

responsibility, action and empowerment. We have the courage to make a difference even when it is difficult.
· Citizenship: Citizenship means social responsibility and

environmental stewardship. We respect all peoples' values and cultures and are good global, national and local citizens. It is an exciting time to be at Terex. We are living in an extraordinary period of history, one where we are seeing a large part of the world committed to infrastructure investment. This is driven by the global dispersion of wealth and the desire by the world's population to have the simple luxuries many of us already enjoy as part of our daily lives. We have made tremendous strides forward in our ability to successfully compete for and service customers, even in remote parts of the world. For example, while our business in the developed markets of the world have grown at a compounded annual growth rate of 20 percent from 2004 through 2007, our developing world market sales grew at a 42 percent rate ­ now comprising about $2 billion, or 22 percent, of our overall global sales. We are assembling strong strategic teams to facilitate entry by Terex into high growth developing markets where we are currently under-represented. As a result, we can leverage synergies with other markets and benefit from emerging market growth. So I end this letter as I began, re-emphasizing our commitment to all who interact with Terex that we will continue to improve our Company, our products and services, and ourselves. We will continue to provide

Ronald M. DeFeo

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

