We feel we have the right products, in the right markets, properly positioned to grow both through market share expansion and in line with the category or geography.
Ronald M. DeFeo
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
Last year was a pivotal year of performance for our Company. I thank you for your support. We strengthened our strategic position, we improved the financial performance, and we deepened the Management Team and Board of the Company. This past year was a year of solid execution and progress. We have much opportunity to improve from here and we plan on delivering excellent progress in the coming years. STRATEGIC POSITION Over the past several years we have repositioned Terex as a Lifting and Material Handling Solutions Company. This important change is an intentional departure from our historic association as a more purely construction equipment company. It reflects the recent acquisition of Demag Cranes AG and our recent divestitures. The vast majority of our businesses are now leaders in their categories. However, the main source of improvement is expected to come from our existing portfolio. For the most part, we feel we have the right products, in the right markets, properly positioned to grow both through market share expansion and in line with the category or geography.

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE During 2012, we set out to improve our margins, generate cash, and integrate Demag Cranes AG into our new Material Handling and Port Solutions segment. We made excellent progress in each of these areas. The operating margin for the Company as adjusted more than doubled to 6.4%, we generated free cash flow of approximately $554 million, and we will exceed the annualized integration synergies target of $35 million. We further identified critical adjustments to this business to run it more efficiently and effectively in the coming months and years. We improved our capital structure and de-levered the Company in 2012. Overall leverage ratios improved from 4.9 times debt/adjusted EBITDA to 2.3 times debt/adjusted EBITDA. We retired our highest cost notes and issued new long-term debt at rates well below our historic levels. The vast majority of these new notes are with maturity dates in 2020 and beyond.

TEREX CORPORATION | Annual Report 2012

1

We believe that our existing portfolio of businesses can result in revenue of about $10 billion, an operating margin

NET SALES AND OPERATING MARGIN

(USD in Billions)

operating profit, which in turn should deliver $5.00 or greater in earnings per share.

$3.86

0 -4 -8 -12

2009

2010

2011

2012

% Operating Margin

We also established meaningful corporate goals to achieve in 2015. We believe that our existing portfolio of businesses can result in revenue of about $10 billion, an operating margin of approximately 10%, or $1 billion of operating profit, which in turn should deliver $5.00 or greater in earnings per share. The net effect should be a return on invested capital in excess of 15% after tax. To achieve these targets, we must continue on our path of profitable growth, cash generation, integration of our recently acquired businesses, and debt reduction. We anticipate these will continue to be our areas of emphasis as we manage Terex through these somewhat uncertain financial times. Achievement of these goals is by no means assured, but the management team believes that our businesses are capable of equaling or exceeding these performance goals over the next several years. MANAGEMENT TEAM AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS The Terex executive management team continues to mature and develop. During 2012, it was announced that Phil Widman would be retiring following the completion of the

financial results of 2012. As you know, we have named Kevin Bradley Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Kevin's most recent assignment was President of our Terex Cranes operation and prior to that President of Terex Financial Services. Kevin brings a strong commitment to compliance as well as operational experience and energy to this new assignment. I look forward to his partnership as we focus on the improvements underway within the Company. Further management changes continue to help us broaden and deepen the experience of our executive team. Tim Ford was named President of Terex Cranes following nearly seven years successfully leading our Aerial Work Platforms team. Matt Fearon was named President of Aerial Work Platforms moving from the general management position of North America into this new role. Matt has been at Genie and Terex nearly 17 years in a broad spectrum of important prior assignments. Lastly, we have named Steve Filipov as President of Material Handling & Port Solutions. Steve was previously President of Terex Cranes and most recently

2

TEREX CORPORATION | Annual Report 2012

(percent)

of approximately 10%, or $1 billion of

8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0

$6.50 $4.42

$7.35

12 8 4

NET SALES BY SEGMENT 2012
Materials Processing 9%

NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHY 2012

Aerial Work Platforms 28%

USA / Canada 36% Construction 18%

Western Europe 27%

Material Handling & Port Solutions 25%

Cranes 20%

Rest of the World 37%

President of Terex Developing Markets and Strategic Accounts. I look forward to continuing to work with each of these experienced Terex leaders on the operational improvements possible within each of their businesses. We also added to our Board of Directors, Dr. Raimund Klinkner. Dr. Klinkner is currently Managing Partner of IMX Institute for Manufacturing Excellence GmbH. Prior to that, Dr. Klinkner held chief executive roles at several German companies and is a well-known lean and logistics expert in Germany. We look forward to Dr. Klinkner's guidance and governance on our Board of Directors. SUMMARY In summary, 2012 was a year of significant accomplishments for our Company. The financial performance is improving, our strategic position is more focused, and our management team is experienced and deeply committed to the Terex Way Values. We believe that through our products, we can help improve the lives of people around the world. We know that for many

of our customers we have been able to improve their returns on capital and productivity. Over time we expect to continue to build our customer responsiveness, financial return, and team member engagement. However, we still are a rather young company with high aspirations. I thank you for your continuing support and I look forward to sharing future progress with you in the months and years ahead.

Sincerely,

Ron DeFeo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2013

TEREX CORPORATION | Annual Report 2012

3

