CHAIRMAN'S MESSAGE

BLUEPRINT FOR

GROWTH

For Terex, 2006 was a very good year. We reported record net sales of more than $7.6 billion, propelled by a strengthening and powerful global economic tailwind. We improved our balance sheet, resulting in a record low debt (less cash)-to-capital ratio of 4.7 percent.1 For our shareholders, it was a year of record positive stock performance, including the addition of our stock to the prestigious Standard & Poor's 500 Index. However, as we have said before, the best is yet to come. That's not to say that there won't be downturns or significant issues, or even surprises, in the future. These are as inevitable as they are unwanted. Even Wall Street can be fickle in its view over the short term. Consequently, the best protection for our shareholders, team members and customers is for us to focus on our operating and financial performance, eliminate waste, and strive for continuous improvement. We continue to view Terex as a young company, with significantly more potential in front of us than past successes behind us. There is no doubt that Terex is maturing. We are building the operating capability and strength of our franchise. We are doing this with great leadership and a global footprint. And we are still in the early days of this evolution.

We are proud of our accomplishments. We are excited about our prospects. And we are eager to implement change. WHAT HAVE WE ACCOMPLISHED SO FAR? We have a strong record of organic and acquisition related growth. Since 1995, we have grown our net sales, on average, 28 percent each year, and since 2002, which marked the end of our last significant acquisition, we have continued to grow our net sales 28 percent each year with just a few small acquisitions. The strength of many of our end-markets definitely helped our recent growth, but so did the choices we made that positioned Terex to take advantage of growth opportunities. Add to this growth story a strong record of profitability. Since 1996, we have grown our net income at a 32 percent average annual rate. On a Return on Invested Capital2 basis, we delivered a very strong 38 percent performance in 2006; that's almost quadruple the results we posted in 2002! We think we have implemented a winning model for returns. In an effort to establish a franchise that is well positioned to produce profitability over the course of an economic cycle, we have assembled a diverse franchise of construction,

4

TEREX CORPORATION

2006 ANNUAL REPORT

WE CONTINUE TO VIEW TEREX AS A YOUNG COMPANY, WITH SIGNIFICANTLY MORE POTENTIAL IN FRONT OF US THAN PAST SUCCESSES BEHIND US.

mining and infrastructure products. Today we are the third largest company in the construction, mining and infrastructure equipment industry. With the historic driver of our product breadth being acquisitions, we have successfully taken disparate product lines and weaved them together into a well-rounded product portfolio. There is, however, more work to do in this process. As a result of the actions and events mentioned above, we have delivered excellent returns to our shareholders. Since 1995, our total shareholder returns have averaged 35 percent per year through year end 2006, superior results when compared with all others in our peer machinery group. WHAT DO WE NEED TO ACCOMPLISH? First, we need to simply continue what we have started. Growth, profit improvement, geographic diversification, and shareholder returns remain the important focus areas of our business. These measures reflect our success with the multitude of integration and operational improvement initiatives that are ongoing in our business today. And there is significant upside yet to be realized. We need to deepen our capabilities, meaning our development toward world class and sustainable achievements in marketing,

operations, and financial results. This requires continuous leadership improvements. This also requires a level of financial investment on initiatives that we simply could not have pursued in years past when we did not have the capability or the financial resources to support such projects. We need to become more of a learning organization to add to our action based orientation. The Terex culture has been great at making things happen, and making them happen quickly. Now we need to make sure we make the right things happen, and that we are continuous learners and strive for continuous improvement in everything we do. And we need to sustain our rapid pace of activity to avoid the plague of bureaucracy. HOW DO WE PLAN TO ACCOMPLISH THIS? We will employ the Terex Business System, or TBS, as the framework for change and improvement of our Company. TBS provides a blueprint for us to build a process around continuous improvement and provides the tools we will use to shape the Company's future. See Page 7 for a detailed

description of TBS.
We will continue to challenge the status quo. We have been a change agent within our industry. We need to continue to

5

CHAIRMAN'S MESSAGE

BLUEPRINT FOR

GROWTH

TBS PROVIDES A BLUEPRINT FOR US TO BUILD A PROCESS AROUND CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT AND PROVIDES THE TOOLS WE WILL USE TO SHAPE THE COMPANY'S FUTURE.

take risks and seek openings that can be exploited in the marketplace. We firmly believe the future looks positive for our industry, but we need to get a bigger share of the pie and establish ourselves as a company of prominence among the customer base. Delivering value and challenging the incumbent is part of our make-up. We will continue to work on governance and leadership. Our Board of Directors has been strengthened by the addition of Oren Shaffer, and we thank J.C. Watts for his service. The additions of Tom Riordan, (President and Chief Operating Officer), Tim Ford (President, Aerial Work Platforms), and Bob Isaman (President, Construction) to the Terex management team strengthen our leadership. And we will continue to broaden our team's bench strength. We have been fortunate to have little unplanned turnover and we want to keep it this way as we continue to strengthen all areas of our business.

And finally, we plan to stretch and challenge the Terex organization of more than 18,000 team members worldwide. We have established a "12x12 in '10" goal, meaning $12 billion of net sales with a 12 percent operating margin in 2010. This will not happen easily, and we have to be willing to fail (and learn!) if we want to mature. We have challenged our team to achieve lofty goals in the past, and our organization rose to the challenge and delivered. To you, our shareholders, we cannot promise consistent success. But we can promise an unwavering commitment to building value into everything we do. We believe that hard work, creativity, and integrity produce results. We remain proud of our historical achievements and excited about our future prospects. We thank you for your support in the past and we hope we can earn your continued support.

1 Debt (less cash)-to-capital ratio is the ratio of net debt to the sum of net debt and total stockholders' equity. Net debt is calculated using the Consolidated Balance Sheet amounts for Notes payable and current portion of Long-term debt plus Long-term debt, less current portion, less Cash and Cash Equivalents.

Ronald M. DeFeo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Return on Invested Capital is calculated by Terex by dividing the last four quarters' Income from operations by the average of the sum of Total stockholders' equity plus Debt less Cash and cash equivalents for the last five quarters ended Consolidated Balance Sheets.

2

6

TEREX CORPORATION

2006 ANNUAL REPORT

