  benson f. smith
Teleflex Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer
ÒWe believe that global medical device markets will be robust for the next two decades. With customers in more than 130 countries, well-known brands, and 50 percent of our medical sales coming from outside the United States, Teleflex is well positioned to capitalize on these market trends.Ó
letter to shareholders to our shareholders
The 2010 annual report represents a new chapter for Teleflex. After nearly 70 years as a diversified company, we have stated our commitment to become a pure play medical device company. Our focus will be on providing innovative solutions that enable healthcare providers to improve out- comes and enhance patient and provider safety.
Over the past six years, the Teleflex team executed a bold and challenging plan to transform our portfolio by building the medical business and divesting non-core industrial and aerospace businesses and we are committed to completing this transformation. At the end of 2010, 87 percent of our segment operating profit came from our medical businesses.
As part of this transition, I was recently named your Chairman, President and CEO. With more than 25 years of experience in the medical device industry and 5 years on the Teleflex Board of Directors, I understand the unique chal- lenges of the medical device industry and I believe in the strategies that we have put in place for future growth.
Today, Teleflex enjoys a strong global position as a provider of products for common diagnostic and therapeutic procedures in critical care and surgery. We have well developed global sales channels and customer relationships, a diverse product portfolio, a growing R&D pipeline, solid financial fundamen- tals, and a leadership team with a commitment to building this business. We are excited about the opportunities ahead.
large and growing markets
This is a challenging and exciting time to be in the medical device industry. The demand for healthcare services is growing around the world with an aging demographic in developed countries and a rapidly expanding middle class in emerging markets. Both developed and emerging nations struggle to balance the need to manage costs and provide growing patient populations with the highest quality care. In our view, the underlying demand for medical devices will more than offset the resulting pressure on cost. We believe that global medical device markets will be robust for the next two decades.
With customers in more than 130 countries, well-known brands and 50 percent of our medical sales coming from outside the United States, Teleflex is well positioned to capi- talize on these market trends. In 2010, we began initiatives

 to invest in faster growing markets. As an example, we are expanding our sales channels in China and Brazil and have begun building customer service and distribution infra- structure to better serve the Asia Pacific region. We are also focusing our resources on key product areas where we have clinically differentiated products and see favorable market trends.
cost effectiVe solutions with clinical adVantages
Innovations in medical technology will play a vital role in helping healthcare providers around the world manage costs and improve care. In 2010, we committed to increasing our research and development spend as a percent of sales over the next several years in order to accelerate our growth. To accomplish this, we will reallocate resources to speed mar- keting and product development in key product lines where we can cost effectively provide genuine clinical benefit.
Over the past year, we introduced more than 30 new products and a range of upgrades to expand our critical care and sur- gical offerings. In vascular access, we launched seven new products which includes the U.S. market introduction of the ArrowEVOLUTION PICC with Chlorag+ard technology, Arrow Safety Arterial Catheter Kits and additional ErgoPack system offerings and the European market launch of Arrow Maximal Sterile Barrier CVC kits.
We also added seven new products in our general and regional anesthesia product line, including Teleflex ISIS HVT, the first convertible endotracheal tube with an attach- able line for subglottic secretion removal. Our new products for bladder management included Liquick Plus and Libero Plus intermittent catheters introduced in select European markets.
In our respiratory care line, we introduced the Gibeck Humid-Flo Passive Humidification Kit. And in surgery we added a new Deklene cardiovascular suture and expanded our line of Hemolok polymer ligation appliers to include extended length and take apart options.
In addition to our internal R&D efforts and distribution agreements, early in 2011 we acquired the VasoNova VPS, vascular positioning system, a new technology for real-time catheter tip positioning that will enhance our vascular access portfolio.
focus on people, Quality and serVice
We recognize that our success relies on strong customer relationships and consistently providing the highest quality products. In my time with Teleflex I have been impressed by the talent and dedication of our employees around the world. The vision, drive and commitment to our customers that has brought us to this point will serve us well in the future.
In 2010, we expanded our sales and clinical support teams in key countries and created global marketing and develop- ment teams to better anticipate and support the needs of our customers and their patients.
Over the past three years, we have also invested in people, process and technologies to improve our quality systems, manufacturing processes and service to our customers. In 2010, we achieved an important milestone when the U.S. Food and Drug Administration completed extensive audits related to the 2007 Arrow corporate warning letter and approved all of our currently eligible certificates to foreign governments. We believe this is an indication of the signifi- cant improvements we have made in our quality systems.
solid financial fundamentals
In 2010, we made meaningful progress on our initiatives. We increased revenues and adjusted earnings per share and, at the same time, continued to increase investment in R&D, regulatory and quality systems and our sales and marketing channels.
Our company has a long history of maintaining solid financial fundamentals Ð good cash flow and a sound balance sheet. Over the past few years, as we have completed divestitures of our non-core businesses, we have reduced our outstanding debt. In 2010, we completed a major debt refinancing program that further improved our overall capital structure, reduced outstanding debt and provided for increased financial flexibility.
As we enter this new chapter, there are exciting opportuni- ties ahead. I want to express my appreciation to the many Teleflex employees, customers and shareholders for their continued support.
benson f. smith
Chairman, President and CEO
 