TELEFLEX AnnuAL REpoRT 2011
 letteR
to shaReholdeRs
bEnson F. smiTH
Chairman, President and CEO
To ouR sHAREHoLDERs
sTAying AHEAD oF THE mARkETpLACE
Our 2011 Annual Report attests to our significant progress in accomplishing our strategic goals: In the course of 2011, we completed the sale of our last non-medical business and established ourselves as a pure-play medical device company. We consistently moved our revenue line in the right direction, culminating in a strong fourth-quarter finish. We improved several important metrics while making strategic decisions about R&D, organic growth and acquisitions. And ever mindful of the future, we
also restructured our organization in a way that positions us for continued growth.
It is rare to see such an organizational transformation occur so quickly and successfully, and the credit goes to every member of the Teleflex team. This includes our customers, who are an integral part
of our business, and we appreciate their willingness to work closely with us every step of the way.
Our constant goal is to be a trusted partner and resource for our customers in a way that turns them into advocates for our products and beneficiaries
of our progress.
Our key drivers for future growth focus on two
major areas: We will continue to build our brand and product lines and enhance their value to customers, and we will leverage our investments in our
sales distribution and marketing channels. We
are constantly mindful of the changing macro environments in the markets we serve and are motivated by the industry’s relentless drive for newer, better, safer and more cost-effective medical devices.
To meet these demands, we have transitioned to a market-focused business unit model where Teleflex
business and functional leaders are empowered to take ownership and make decisions, enabling them to provide innovative products and outstanding service. In a world of increased volatility, decision making close to the customer and nimbleness of execution are prerequisites for growth.
Today Teleflex is a stronger, more responsive organization on track to secure greater market share and make a difference for patients and the clinicians who treat them. Our products provide innovative solutions and tools for diagnostic and therapeutic procedures that help clinicians protect against infection and improve patient and provider safety.
It is a business with outstanding growth prospects in markets all around the world.
invEsTing in innovATion
We believe that innovation is the catalyst for our growth, and we have committed the people, time, resources and intellectual property to keep us
at the forefront of our industry. We have renewed, enhanced or created products that make a difference in critical care situations, providing better patient outcomes, faster recovery times and better tools for clinicians and nurses. We take our marketplace position seriously and have made solid contributions in multiple core areas: Vascular Access, Anesthesia, Surgical Care, Respiratory Care, Urology, Cardiac Care and Original Equipment Manufacturing (OEM) and development services. In the past year alone we have introduced or improved dynamic products that change the way patients live and breathe. Examples include the tools for optimal vascular access such as the VasoNova VPS tip-location system and the
   2

“This is an exciting and challenging time for Teleflex and the medical
device industry as we cultivate growth in an outcomes-driven and value- oriented environment. We are well positioned to satisfy these requirements. Our brands are well known and trusted, our R&D pipeline is expanding, and we have a team of people whose work ethic is second to none.”
ARROWAdvantage5 pressure-injectable PICC (peripherally inserted central catheter), as well as enhanced antimicrobial protection embodied in our ArrowEVOLUTION PICC offering. We launched the ARROW NextStep Antegrade chronic hemodialysis catheter. We also brought to market the Deklene Maxx, a suture offering for cardiovascular surgery. A new addition to our respiratory portfolio is the Gibeck Humid-Flo 72-Hour Integrated Kit which gives clinicians everything they need to start passive humidification and promote best practices to help reduce pneumonia risks. In the pages ahead there are even more examples of new Teleflex products.
CusTomER TRusT AnD CoLLAboRATion
We are committed to improving and growing our partnerships with customers, and we believe the greatest demonstration of customer loyalty is when they become advocates. At Teleflex, we are achieving this because care providers can rely on an entire portfolio of superior products to help them deliver better patient outcomes. Our world-class brands are supported at the company, product and distribution levels. Our employees and dedicated sales and delivery networks ensure that hospitals and clinicians have the right technology to meet their needs. We offer a wide variety of rigorous clinical education programs, access to our team of highly trained clinical specialists and other resources such as our First Do No Harm website and ARROW University. Two of those programs are the UltraSound Guided CVC (central venous catheter) program developed
in collaboration with the University of Texas
M.D. Anderson Center in Houston and the popular Thrombosis webinar series.
THinking AnD ACTing As An EnTREpREnEuR, sHAREHoLDER & CusTomER
Successful companies are built by people who understand how key opinion leaders think and what they need. We have spent the last year encouraging our people to be entrepreneurial in their creativity in how they build the business. Our managers are increasingly empowered to deploy resources and make prudent investments in support of our operating plans and strategic goals. And because
of our commitment to stay close to our customers, Teleflex employees know and understand the pressures and challenges customers face. Our products are a direct reflection of that personal and real-world understanding of the needs of patients and clinicians alike.
This is an exciting and challenging time for Teleflex and the medical device industry as we cultivate growth in an outcomes-driven and value-oriented environment. We are well positioned to satisfy these requirements. Our brands are well known and trusted, our R&D pipeline is expanding, and we have a team of people whose work ethic is second to none. I appreciate the work of my Teleflex colleagues and the support from our customers and investors. We look forward to a very successful 2012.
bEnson F. smiTH
Chairman, President and CEO
TELEFLEX AnnuAL REpoRT 2011
    3
