TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
For Teleflex, 2013 was a year of significant progress during which we continued to meet our primary business objectives: To grow revenue faster than the markets we serve,
to expand our adjusted gross and operating margins, and to make investments that position our company for the future.
• We implemented organizational changes that helped drive profitability and set the stage for continued growth.
• We continued the integration of LMA International, which we acquired in 2012, and made three additional acquisitions that strengthened our product portfolio, added new technologies and expanded our growth prospects.
• We introduced 27 new products and line extensions, which contributed to our revenue growth.
• We expanded our relationships with healthcare purchasing groups around the world, forging 25 new agreements and renewing 12 established ones.
Collectively, these efforts enabled us to deliver strong financial results for the year, including constant currency revenue growth of nine percent. Our 2013 efforts also helped make Teleflex a stronger, more competitive company that is well positioned for a healthy future.
DRIVING IMPROVEMENTS
We are committed to developing an efficient and cost-effective organizational structure that provides the framework for our continued
growth. In 2013, we continued to rationalize our facilities, completing the consolidation of two of our European distribution centers into a single location, and combining the operations of four of our North American distribution centers into a new, 620,000-square-foot facility. Our North American distribution center is now our largest facility, and we expect it to generate meaningful operating savings in 2014.
We also rolled out the first phase of a new global technology platform that will help to standardize operational processes, data and reporting across our organization. As we continue to implement this platform throughout Teleflex, our team will gain more timely access to a range of pertinent information, improving our efficiency and enabling us to make forward-thinking growth decisions.
Our employees worked tirelessly to complete these organizational initiatives on time and on budget, once again demonstrating that our people are our greatest asset. As we grow, we are sharply focused on maintaining both the high- caliber team and the unique corporate culture that underpin our success. In 2013, we invested in this effort by expanding our leadership team and providing professional development programs across our company.
2
  
We also developed a new set of Core Values through a “grass-roots” employee outreach initiative. Our Core Values put people at the center of all we do, while emphasizing our entrepreneurial spirit, our commitment to building trust and our focus on maintaining an enjoyable work environment. As Teleflex continues to expand and evolve, we plan to cultivate and reinforce these values across our organization. We firmly believe that this effort will enable us to develop a strong corporate identity that engages our workforce and differentiates us in the global healthcare market.
BUILDING OUR STRENGTHS
We have a strong track record for making strategic acquisitions that bring us innovative technologies and enhanced capabilities. In 2013, we continued this mission, acquiring Ultimate Medical, a supplier of airway management devices, and Eon Surgical, a late-stage developer of a minimally invasive microlaparoscopy surgical platform technology. Both of these companies have unique technologies that fit well with our existing businesses.
Our most important acquisition of the year was Vidacare, the world’s leading provider of intraosseous (IO), or inside-the-bone, access devices for diagnostic monitoring and therapeutic use. By acquiring Vidacare, we added a defining technology to our vascular access product portfolio while positioning Teleflex in the IO market segment. Moreover, Vidacare’s portfolio includes several high-margin patented products that generate a steady revenue stream, making this acquisition immediately accretive to our earnings.
MOVING AHEAD
The global healthcare market is affected by many variables. Within a given geographic region, healthcare utilization rates can be influenced by economic strength, political or civil unrest, military actions, and changes in insurance or regulatory policies. However, the impact of these shifts tends to be short lived. Over the long term, the healthcare market is being driven by two primary forces, which are often in conflict with each other. The first and most significant of these is a
worldwide increase in overall healthcare utilization, which is being fueled by an aging population in most industrialized countries and a rising middle class in developing economies. The second driving force is the economic consequence of the first. Specifically, the question of how societies will be able to pay for their increased utilization is spurring demand for more affordable healthcare procedures, devices and technologies.
Teleflex is well positioned to address these demands and to capitalize on the forces propelling the growth of our markets. We have a diversified product portfolio that is capable of generating above-market growth rates. We have a targeted R&D competency and an efficient distribution network. And, we have a clear strategy, backed by an energized team and a dedicated employee base.
In 2014, we will deploy these advantages to continue our progress. We will drive revenues by releasing new products, integrating Vidacare into our business, improving pricing, and investing in emerging markets. We will diligently pursue our margin growth strategy, targeting a range of opportunities, including measures to improve our operating leverage. And we will continue to prepare for the future, funding our R&D engine and seeking acquisition opportunities that can enrich our technology platform and strengthen our existing businesses.
As we pursue these initiatives, we thank you – our valued shareholders – for your continued interest in Teleflex and your ongoing support of our strategies.
BENSON F. SMITH
Chairman, President and CEO
  3
