TELEFLEX ANNUAL REPORT 2012
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Our strategy continues to deliver results for customers and shareholders alike. Over the past five years, we have fully transformed ourselves from a cyclical, diversified industrial conglomerate into a pure-play medical technology company serving global markets. Today, Teleflex is well-positioned to capture opportunities in a changing healthcare environment, where increased utilization in aging populations competes against pressures to reduce the overall cost of care.
Our performance in 2012 was solid, even with foreign exchange headwinds and additional operating expenses from investments in acquisitions to grow the company:
• We achieved higher volumes and revenue
on a global basis, including products recently introduced to the marketplace.
• Our focused R&D efforts are creating a more robust product pipeline, with clearances gained in key global markets for new vascular, anesthesia and surgical products.
• We reported on five acquisitions that added new products, technologies and growth opportunities to our medical device platform.
• We further decentralized our business units, empowering our people to manage customer relationships more effectively, make decisions more efficiently and drive their own revenue growth.
• Investors demonstrated their confidence in Teleflex, with our shares rising to their highest levels in recent years; total return for 2012 was 16 percent.
SUSTAINABLE GROWTH THROUGH CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT
In mid-2010, we compared Teleflex to peer companies within the medical device space. We discovered room for significant improvement in revenue growth, gross margins and operating margins, coupled with the need to increase R&D spending.
During the last two years, those aspirational goals have become specific operating plans; and we made good progress in several areas during 2012.
Each year, our short-term goal is to grow revenue faster than the markets we serve and expand our
gross and operating margins while, at the same time, continuing to invest for the future.
Our first priority is revenue growth and the creation of a more robust product pipeline that can ensure sustainability. We have made excellent progress, with constant currency growth in 2012 of
6.8 percent. We introduced new products in every business unit and gained significant innovations through our late-stage technology acquisitions.
We have made progress on expanding gross margins, introducing several initiatives to create future improvement. Our pricing efforts have been successful, and we expect continued contribution over the next few years. We initiated footprint consolidations in our distribution centers and at certain manufacturing locations. Acquisitions and divestitures have also improved our product mix.
We have made underlying improvements in our operating margins, although some are less visible as a result of currency fluctuations and additional R&D spending. Looking to 2013, the medical device excise tax and our investments to improve manufacturing will have an impact on results, causing progress in operating margins to lag behind that of gross margins. Still, we expect to achieve higher operating margins over the next few years.
INVESTING FOR THE FUTURE
With our successful transformation into a medical technology company, we have set our sights on becoming a supplier of choice throughout our various markets.
Innovation remains key to providing healthier clinical outcomes and reducing procedure costs. Our recent R&D investments are beginning to
2

return value. In 2012, $17.5 million in revenue came from products that weren’t in our portfolio in the prior year. Introduced across clinical areas and in international markets, they delivered
1.2 percent of constant currency revenue growth.
In addition to organic growth through R&D, we reported on five acquisitions in 2012. These investments help to augment our pipeline and jumpstart the product commercialization process, cutting years off the timeline to market launch.
Our acquisitions typically fall into two principal types, both of which fit within our existing business units. The first type of acquisition is what we refer to as a late-stage technology acquisition. This type of acquisition is of a company that is generally pre-revenue in nature, but that has products through, or nearly through, the regulatory approval process in a major market. Four examples of late-stage technology acquisitions that we completed in 2012 were:
• Assets of Axiom Technology Partners, LLC, maker of the EFx family of laparoscopic fascial closure products, which won awards for excellence and innovation in 2012;
• EZ-BlockerTM disposable catheter product line for lung isolation procedures;
• Hotspur Technologies, Inc., for more efficient and cost-effective procedures to open blocked blood vessels than current treatment options; and
• Semprus BioSciences, an MIT spinout
with proprietary platform technology for next-generation medical devices that reduce healthcare complications.
The second type of acquisition that we are interested in is what we refer to as a “bolt-on.” This type
of acquisition typically has considerable revenue and enhances one of our strategic business
unit franchises. An example of a bolt-on transaction that we completed during 2012
was our acquisition of the assets of LMA International N.V. and affiliates. This acquisition significantly expands our global anesthesia product portfolio, provides opportunities with key clinical U.S. and international call points, and further strengthens our relationships with healthcare purchasing groups.
We continue to evaluate potential acquisitions that fit our existing business and provide clear clinical and cost benefits to current alternatives.
PEOPLE POWER
Healthcare is more than a domestic or international issue; it’s a human issue. That’s why we rely on local Teleflex people in markets around the world. They understand best the nuances of operating in nearby diverse regional markets.
Our global presence forces us to rethink common universal challenges in healthcare, always looking for better ways to make it more affordable while improving outcomes and safety.
We are making targeted geographic investments, especially in markets such as China and Brazil, where the emerging middle class is increasing utilization of healthcare.
Our overall success depends on the individual and collective contributions of our 12,000 employees around the world—whether they are improving our manufacturing costs, improving our distribution processes, or developing technologies of the future that will be launched to the marketplace.
With their dedication, we continue to improve our value proposition to customers. Our aspiration is to become the medical device partner of choice. Beyond clinical solutions and cost benefits, we want to make doing business with us so easy and responsive that our customers become advocates for Teleflex.
Our efforts led to being named 2011 Medical Surgical Supplier of the Year by Novation, the leading U.S. healthcare supply contracting company.
We believe Teleflex will succeed in 2013 and the years ahead for many reasons. Our technology. Our global brands and distribution network.
Our financial strength. And, most of all, our people. They are the ones transforming our strategies
into healthier outcomes for patients, healthcare providers, hospital systems and shareholders.
BENSON F. SMITH
Chairman, President and CEO
TELEFLEX ANNUAL REPORT 2012
  3
