2
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
In 2015, Teleflex delivered another strong year of growth and progress, despite facing formidable market challenges, including significant
pressure from foreign currency exchange rates and increased political and economic volatility across key world markets. But, just as a ship is best tested in rough waters, a company’s true strength is only revealed during times of adversity, and ultimately these challenges enabled us to showcase our ability to capture opportunity in virtually any environment.
During the year, we advanced our mission of improving health outcomes for patients and clinicians around the world, while continuing to meet our core financial targets and to invest in our future. We also took decisive steps to position Teleflex for continued success:
We completed seven acquisitions that diversified our product portfolio, strengthened our R&D, expanded our distribution network and advanced our distributor-to-direct conversion strategy.
We drove innovation, launching 20 new products and line extensions.
We broadened our client base, extending
31 existing agreements and entering 23 new relationships with healthcare purchasing groups and independent delivery groups.
We improved margins, implementing our restructuring plan and introducing measures to drive further operating efficiency.
We also delivered strong 2015 financial results, including constant currency revenue growth
and adjusted earnings per share growth of 5.4% and 10.3%, respectively. This performance
is a testament to the strong foundation our management team has built over the last five years, as well as a proof of the exceptional drive of our employees.
CAPITAlIzING ON GlOBAl
DEMOGRAPHICS
Over the past decade, global healthcare growth has largely been driven by shifts in emerging markets, but in the years ahead, we expect
this growth to come from changing global demographics, including an aging world
population and higher life expectancy. By 2050, an estimated 88.5 million Americans will be 65
or older, and over the next 40 years, the number of Americans over 85 is expected to grow by more than 300%.1 Individuals over the age of
65 represent the majority of all healthcare costs, typically generating consistent annual medical expenses that increase with age. We see these same trends in Japan and in many Western European countries, and we believe they will soon result in a larger portion of the world’s population having a greater need for healthcare than ever before. Medical providers around the globe are looking for ways to manage the costs of this
care, and Teleflex offers solutions to help achieve this goal. Our products and programs improve precision and reduce complications, speeding patient recovery and reducing overall medical costs. As a result, they represent an attractive value proposition to today’s healthcare providers.
Moreover, Teleflex is solidly positioned to manage the challenges in the current healthcare environment. We are strong, with an established management team, a robust balance sheet and a position of industry leadership. We are diverse, with a broad product portfolio that spans multiple healthcare segments and serves customers around the world. And we are innovative, with a powerful R&D engine, an entrepreneurial outlook and a nimble business approach that enables
us to leverage emerging opportunities. We are committed to using these strengths to continue to increase our market share, drive margins and strengthen our competitive position.
MAKING STRATEGIC ACqUISITIONS
Over the past five years, we have made several strategic acquisitions that have enabled us to expand and diversify our product portfolio, deliver above-market revenue growth, improve our margins and earnings, and extend our reach. We target four specific types of opportunities:
Late-stage technology companies with products on the verge of regulatory approval;
Established companies with products that align with our existing business;
Product distributors in key geographic regions that allow us to convert to a direct sales model; and
Third-party manufacturers with key capabilities that strengthen our vertically integrated structure.
        
We also adhere to established criteria, seeking companies that are a strategic fit with our existing business units and have strong, differentiated products. In 2015, we completed several acquisitions that met these standards, including Nostix, LLC, a creator of affordable, differentiated tip navigation products; Atsina Surgical, LLC, a developer of proprietary surgical clips; TrinTris Medical Inc., an original equipment manufacturer (OEM) of balloons and catheters; and Truphatek Holdings Limited, an OEM of disposable and reusable laryngoscope devices. In addition to broadening our product capability, the Truphatek acquisition positions us to strengthen our supply chain in the U.S. where Teleflex has long been Truphatek’s primary distributor.
We also made several distributor-to-direct conversions that position us to drive margins and gain a better understanding of customers in key markets. These include N. Stenning & Co. Pty. Ltd., a distributor of Teleflex surgical products
in Australia, and Human Medics Co., Ltd., a distributor of Teleflex surgical and respiratory products in Korea. We also acquired the exclusive North American distribution rights to AutoFuser® Disposable Pain Pumps, along with a 10-year distribution agreement with the manufacturer
of these products.
FUElING MARGIN EXPANSION
In addition to driving margins through acquisitions, distributor-to-direct conversions and pricing improvements, we generate efficiencies by making continuous refinements
to our operational structure. In 2015, we implemented the facility restructuring plan we announced in 2014, consolidating operations from three of our higher cost locations to existing lower cost locations. By the fourth quarter of 2015, this initiative began to improve our operating leverage, streamline our logistics and expedite our product delivery. We expect that when this plan is complete at year-end 2017, it will generate annual savings
of between $28 million and $35 million. We are also working to trim our operating expenses, and in 2015, we unveiled a plan to realign some of our businesses and consolidate additional facilities in North America, as well as to implement additional expense control measures. When these initiatives are fully implemented, we expect them to generate annualized savings of approximately $15 million
to $18 million, helping us to deliver between 350 and 400 basis points of adjusted operating margin growth by the close of 2018, as compared with full-year 2015 levels.
CAPTURING OPPORTUNITY
Teleflex faces the future with a complete focus on capturing the many opportunities for growth in our dynamic market. During 2015, we demonstrated that our company has the strengths required to meet the challenges within our global landscape. As we move forward, we will continue to execute our business strategy, working to drive revenues, increase margins, improve our operational framework and strengthen our overall business platform. As always, we will remain committed
to rewarding you – our shareholders – with the increasing value you have come to expect.
3
 BENSON F. SMITH
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
lIAM J. KEllY
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
THOMAS E. POwEll
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
   
4
 VASCULAR - NORTH AMERICA
The Right Line for the Right Patient at the Right TimeTM
JAY wHITE
President and General Manager, Vascular Division
wHAT ARE THE CURRENT GROwTH PROSPECTS FOR YOUR VASCUlAR ACCESS BUSINESS?
There is enormous global demand for improved vascular access devices (VADs). More than 90% of hospital
admissions require a VAD2, but approximately one-third of these incur a complication3, and up to 20% are improperly positioned4. As a result, an estimated half of all hospital-acquired conditions are related to VADs5 – a factor that represents significant preventable healthcare complications and approximately $33 billion
in unnecessary annual expenses related to superbugs6. Teleflex is addressing these issues through innovative products and programs
that are designed to improve patient outcomes and lower healthcare costs. We are reducing catheter-related complications through coatings like Chlorag+ard® Technology, which helps prevent microbial colonization and thrombus accumulation on surfaces for up to 30 days. Our Arrow® JACC with Chlorag+ard® Technology and Arrow® PICC with Chlorag+ard® Technology are
the world’s first central venous catheters that can help to significantly reduce the risk of microbial colonization and thrombus accumulation on catheter surfaces, as compared with traditional uncoated catheters. We are reducing the need for chest X-rays and improving catheter positioning with our Arrow® VPS® Vascular Positioning System, which guides clinicians to place a given catheter tip within the precise zone recommended by professional medical association guidelines.
In December of 2015, we strengthened this platform by acquiring Nostix, LLC, a developer of innovative tip confirmation systems that increase the accuracy of VAD placement, providing an alternative to X-rays in adult patients. Finally, we are working to speed the delivery of medications, intravenous fluids and blood products through
our Arrow® EZ-IO® Intraosseous Vascular Access System, which enables immediate vascular access through the bone marrow when intravenous access is difficult or impossible to obtain in urgent, emergent and medically necessary situations. Collectively, these innovations are driving our growth by presenting healthcare providers with new ways to increase patient safety and lower costs.
     ADVANCING OUR CORPORATE INITIATIVES
Flexing our Financial Muscle
THOMAS E. POwEll
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
We manage changing market cycles by maintaining a flexible financial model that can drive earnings growth through multiple strategies. This approach helps us to deliver steady earnings growth regardless of the economic climate. As we move forward, we are focused on acquiring promising companies with value-added technologies and products, converting select distributors to direct sales models, and continuing to invest in our business by funding R&D, building our presence in key world markets, and capitalizing on past acquisitions.
 
ANESTHESIA - NORTH AMERICA
Purpose-Driven Innovation
JUSTIN MCMURRAY
President and General Manager, Anesthesia Division
wHATISYOURSTRATEGYFOR INCREASING MARKET SHARE IN THE ANESTHESIA BUSINESS?
Our Anesthesia division is committed to uniting clinicians with innovative technologies that improve patient
outcomes and reduce healthcare costs.
The foundation for this is our unwavering commitment to purpose-driven innovation, which guides every aspect of our business
– from product development to employee interaction, to customer service. We support our product innovation with clinical research and education, focusing on the long-term goal of enabling clinicians to expand the usage of our products into additional procedures.
One of our recent hallmark achievements is the launch of the LMA ProtectorTM Airway, which demonstrates our ability to transform customer insights into practical solutions
that advance patient care. We developed this highly versatile single-use laryngeal mask in collaboration with airway experts from around the world, incorporating our most advanced airway management innovations, including
Cuff PilotTM, an integrated cuff
pressure indicator that provides
constant at-a-glance feedback to reduce
the risk of patient trauma due to cuff over-inflation. We view the LMA ProtectorTM Airway as a significant advance in our
quest to provide physicians with technology designed to help reduce the risk of complications, while giving them the flexibility to expand laryngeal mask usage into additional procedures. Our other innovative solutions include the LMA® MAD
NasalTM Device,which
eliminates the use of
needles by atomizing
approved medications into
a fine mist that can be
administered intranasally,
enabling safe, painless
and rapid absorption into
the bloodstream. We also
deliver a range of pain
management solutions,
including our Arrow®
AutoFuser® Disposable
Pain Pumps and Arrow®
Peripheral Nerve Block
Catheters. Together,
these solutions can help physicians to improve a patient’s post-operative pain experience during a variety of procedures. Moving forward, we will continue to leverage advanced technologies to broaden our strong portfolio of differentiated anesthesia products and to drive expanded usage of our acute pain management devices into additional procedures, thereby enabling healthcare providers to deliver improved patient satisfaction.
5
      ADVANCING OUR CORPORATE INITIATIVES
Building a Best-in-Class Employee Team
CAMERON HICKS
Vice President of Global Human Resources and Employee Communications
As a best-in-class company, we are committed to maintaining a best-in-class employee team. Our Core Values provide the foundation for this by reinforcing the qualities that set Teleflex apart, including an emphasis on people, a commitment to building trust, a focus on maintaining an enjoyable work environment, and an entrepreneurial spirit that encourages innovation. We actively promote these values across our global workforce, and we integrate them into our performance review process, ensuring that every Teleflex employee is consistently working toward our common purpose. As we plan our future growth, we are also planning the continued development of our market-leading team by methodically identifying the most qualified candidates for each position and providing our employees with attractive opportunities for training and advancement.
 
6
SURGICAL - NORTH AMERICA
From Open to Close
JOHN TUSHAR
President and General Manager, Surgical Division
HOw IS YOUR SURGICAl BUSINESS POSITIONED TO CAPTURE EMERGING GROwTH OPPORTUNITIES?
Our Surgical business is a leading
global provider of single-use disposable and reposable devices for minimally invasive general surgery. We have achieved this status by developing a suite of innovative solutions that deliver improved patient outcomes at virtually every point in the surgical process – from open to close. Today, the fields of robotics and minimally invasive surgery are growing rapidly, and we are developing next-generation products optimized for these specialties in three primary areas: ligation and closure, access and port closure,
and minimally invasive surgery. In ligation
and closure, we are capturing market share
by promoting specialized products like our Hem-o-lok® Clips, while driving the penetration of our manual and automatic ligation platforms, which command high gross margins. In access, we are supporting the robotics segment through products like our Weck Vista® Bladeless Access Ports. In mechanical port closure, our Weck
EFx® Fascial Closure System is a port site closure platform for laparoscopic surgical procedures that provides uniform closure of fascial tissue layers. The only product in its category that provides total sharps control combined with easy, reproducible port site fascial closure in varying body types, Weck® EFx Shield® was selected as an innovation of the year by the Society of Laparoendoscopic Surgeons in 2015. In minimally invasive surgery, we are leveraging our acquisitions of Eon Surgical and Mini-Lap Technologies to transform the standard of care
in general surgery from traditional laparoscopic methods to less invasive, percutaneous laparoscopic surgery. Recently, we passed
a milestone in this process, launching our PercuvanceTM Percutaneous Surgical System, which significantly reduces scarring and pain and improves patient recovery when compared with traditional multi-port laparoscopic surgery.
As we move ahead, we are committed to leveraging
our innovation expertise
to create a new category
of surgical products that enhance patient experiences and lower healthcare costs.
      ADVANCING OUR CORPORATE INITIATIVES
Delivering Superior quality on a Global Scale
KAREN BOYlAN
Vice President, Global Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance
As a global market leader, Teleflex designs and develops an extensive range of high-quality medical devices, each of
which meets the diverse regulatory requirements set by the many different countries we serve. Our team achieves this
task by continuously researching global regulatory requirements and enforcing compatible standards in every area of
our business – from product design, manufacturing, packaging and labeling, to employee training, marketing, and vendor management. We diligently track our progress in every phase of production, leveraging our global technology platform to ensure that our processes, data and reporting are standardized across the company. Collectively, these initiatives help to reinforce Teleflex’s reputation for product quality.
 