De ar Shareholders,
I've been writing these letters for many years. It seems that the task is never without challenge. We all have so many questions. Our company's performance, its stock price, the stock market, financial reporting subtleties, the economy, credit markets, government policies, competitive activities, employee morale, customer expectations, and the advice we receive from all constituencies vary significantly from year to year. Each combination presents a dynamic reality with its own communication challenge. The difficulty of the assignment is compounded by my evolving sense of your interest. Since this is the best opportunity I have to communicate beyond a group of corralled employSTOCK PRICE ($) ees or a few unfortunate family members stuck in my car for an hour, I am tempted to hold forth $25 on the economic challenges and related govern20 mental policies, which are more relevant than 15 ever to your investment in Tredegar. However, just as I have little interest in hearing the opinion 10 of other CEOs, talking heads, titled individuals or 5 "experts" of almost any sort regarding the trends of our day, I am sure you have a limited desire to 0 '04 '05 '06 '07 '08 hear mine. Therefore, I will confine my concern about the prospects of our economy to a single question: Is it likely that the economic "stimulus" policies will be a panacea for our business woes? One of my weaknesses as a leader is a tendency toward pessimism. I do not expect any luck, magic wand, private sector revelation or public sector policy to mitigate our challenges. As always, it is up to all the value creators--employers, private citizens, taxpayers, workers, managers and innovators-- to change as necessary to contribute to a successful future. Bottom line: Tredegar will adjust as circumstances dictate. DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE Now for a question of more immediate interest: ($) .99 What is the 2008 Tredegar story? In a nutshell, .93 .93 the economic and competitive environment is as .76 .75 tough as I have seen, however our leaders and employees throughout the company are rising to the challenges in an admirable way. Bonnell, our aluminum extrusion business unit, is entering its third year of recession. In 2007 and 2008 '04 '05 '06 '07 '08 industry volumes were down approximately 16% See appendix for footnotes. and 13% respectively. Our fourth quarter shipments were down to levels last seen in 1992. And now, as we experience the economic realities of 2009, it looks like we will long for the good old days of 2008. It would be easy for the Bonnell leaders and employees to feel sorry for themselves, but they do not waste time wishing. They deal with the conditions they face each day in a way that makes me very proud. Bonnell's profits were down nearly 39% in 2008. On the surface it is difficult to consider a decline in profits of that magnitude as good news for shareholders. The entire Bonnell organization was very proactive in adjusting to the continued ebb in demand. Decisions were made rapidly, costs were adjusted prudently, and we communicated proactively with customers and employees. Also, working capital was well managed (declining as a percent of sales from 12% to 9.3%), which contributed significantly to cash flow from operations after capital expenditures of $6.6 million.
CONTINUING MANUFACTURING OPERATIONS 1

T r e d e g a r C o r p o r at i o n  2 0 0 8 A n n u a l R e p o r t  pag e 1

SHIPMENTS OF ALUMINUM EXTRUSIONS BONNELL VS. ALUMINUM INDUSTRY
(millions of pounds)

200 150 100 50

163 3,215

177 3,354

185 3,366 156 2,816 136 2,419

4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000

All the evidence suggests that tough challenges will continue if not worsen significantly for some time. Cost reductions become more difficult with each volume step down. The good news is that once a recovery occurs, Bonnell will be extremely well positioned to take advantage.

Cost reductions have not been the sole focus of Bonnell over the past year. We believe our cus0 0 '04 '05 '06 '07 '08 tomer service is second to none. Plus we have Bonnell Shipments (Continuing Operations) been investing capital to enhance our ability to North American Shipments (Extruded Shapes)* satisfy the needs of a variety of non-residential * Source: The Aluminum Association, Inc. construction customers. Our plant in Carthage, Tennessee is scheduled to start up a new 5,500 ton press late this year. The market will reward lower costs, attention to service, and strengthened capabilities. I can assure you that we will be ready to take advantage of any opportunity the market provides. The big question is: When will that be? Bonnell was not alone in combating the effects of lower demand. Tredegar's plastic film business unit (Films) experienced volume declines across all of its markets. The explanation is mixed. In some cases, we lost share to competitors but in other cases our customers had significant setbacks. Deterioration of volume was the principal driver of the $5.5 million (9%) reduction in profits in 2008 versus 2007. Our managers launched a number of key cost reduction initiatives that offset some of the volume decline. Fixed, variable and all overhead costs were constrained. The Films performance story is complicated by significant variations in the currency and resin markets. We benefitted by $3.6 million from favorable exchange rates, particularly the Euro, for most of the year. There was enormous volatility in resin prices during the year that followed the huge swing in oil prices. The net unfavorable effect of resin was approximately $2.6 million during 2008.

FILM PRODUCTS ONGOING VOLUME AND OPERATING PROFIT 300
(millions of pounds)

65

($ millions)

250

50

200 35 Sometimes when business conditions are chaotic '04 '05 '06 '07 '08 and confusing one needs to look beyond the Operating Profit ($ Millions) Volume (Millions of Pounds) standard volume, profit, margin and return metrics in order to assess organizational focus. Films had an outstanding year in safety. Films' Total Recordable Incident Rate of 0.23 is among the very best in its industry, and I suspect all manufacturing industries. I also like to look at quality measures. Films is a technology-driven business in many respects. We believe customers and shareholders are best served as we become world-class manufacturers of the most challenging film processes in the hygiene and surface protection markets. 2008 was a year of significant improvement in process variation. Consequently, quality incidents were reduced.

Looking forward, perhaps the most pertinent question on the minds of shareholders is: How will the recession impact Films in 2009? How demand evolves this year remains a question mark. It is likely that there will be a significant deterioration in every market and in every geography. We have greater control over cost than revenue. Films management understands the need to attack cost decisively on all fronts. Our focus will extend beyond cost as management negotiates the

balancing act of responding to current economic realities and building for the future. New product introductions must speed up. Quality improvements must continue. I am often asked: What is Tredegar's most significant strategic challenge? In a word, the answer is growth. On January 9th, Tredegar announced the promotion of Nancy Taylor to Executive Vice President. Nancy is now responsible for corporate business development in addition to leading the Films unit. It is too early to tell how productive the increased attention to external opportunities
4

NET (DEBT) CASH
(as of December 31) ($ millions)

23.3

(21.6)

(33.8)

will be. Fortunately, the company's balance sheet is strong. During the last three years, our net debt of $89.6 million at December 31, 2005, improved to $23.3 million of cash in excess of debt as our manufacturing businesses generated approximately $200 million in net cash flow from operating and investing activities. In addition, we repurchased 5.9 million of our shares (15% of shares outstanding) and paid $17.8 million in dividends to shareholders over the same period.

(80.5) '04

What should you conclude from this report? Clearly, the performance data is mixed for 2008. Qualitatively, I am confident in representing that our management talent is strengthened and teamwork is enhanced throughout the company. No matter how difficult the economy may be or how effective global efforts to provide stimulus may turn out, Tredegar will respond through continuous efforts to reduce cost, improve customer satisfaction and invest in growth. We have NET CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING experienced a seemingly endless number of AND INVESTING ACTIVITIES 5 challenges. You can be confident that we will ($ millions) 78.9 adjust and respond aggressively.
'06 '07 '08
See appendix for footnotes.

(89.6) '05

64.0

You should have no question that I appreciate your support. I extend a special expression of gratitude to our employees who have risen to the challenges with a "can do" attitude and to our customers whose faith keeps us in business.

59.3

41.6

(1.3) '04 '05 '06 '07 '08
See appendix for footnotes.

John D. Gottwald President and Chief Executive Officer

T r e d e g a r C o r p o r at i o n  2 0 0 8 A n n u a l R e p o r t  pag e 2 & 3

