To Our Shareholders

Last year, I described our strategies to create two "great" manufacturing businesses. These actions continue. Film Products is providing unique components for global personal care markets and highperformance products for packaging and specialty markets. Aluminum Extrusions is focusing on superior customer service and growth in attractive market segments. Both businesses are engaged in relentless cost reductions and are striving to achieve execution excellence. Given our commitment to these actions, I expected that by late 2003 there would be significant improvement in our performance, reflecting effective implementation of these strategies. I am disappointed that both Film Products and Aluminum Extrusions results were well below 2002 and showed little momentum as 2003 closed. Despite these unsatisfactory results, I assure you that our efforts to take Tredegar to a new level of exceptional performance continue unabated. Like most U.S. manufacturers, we face intrinsic competitive challenges. These include raw material, energy, insurance and employee-related cost increases, chronic overcapacity, and constant pressure on prices from global customers and competitors. To prosper in such an environment requires flexibility and strategic agility. I am confident that we can meet these challenges. We continue to build our

leadership team, refine and rethink our strategies and ways of doing business, invest aggressively in global markets, improve our processes and systems, and reduce costs. The Challenges Ahead A major challenge for Film Products is the planned introduction of a number of new and innovative products to offset the loss of domestic backsheet business. These new product introductions not only have significant start-up costs, but also have been slower than anticipated for a number of reasons. We are just now beginning to see signs of success. An important part of Film Products' strategy is the rollout of a new feminine pad topsheet for European markets, which began last year. Our progress to date has been good, and we are making additional investments to support this and other products. We are also making solid progress in our efforts to commercialize new topsheets, new elastic laminates and specialty products for customers in personal care and packaging markets. In fact, if you exclude domestic backsheet, sales in Film Products increased at a compounded annual rate of 9.5% between 2000 and 2003. In Aluminum Extrusions, industry shipments of extruded shapes are down about 20% from three years ago. Our disappointing results reflect this trend. As the economy continues to recover, we anticipate a resumption of growth and increased profitability. Therics, which launched its initial product line in early 2004, is now ready to demonstrate the benefits of its digital microfabrication technology. Our first products compete in the orthobiologics sector of orthopaedic and neurosurgical medicine. The U.S. market for such products is large (more than $700 million in 2002) and is projected to grow to $1.4 billion by 2006. We look forward to assessing the

We continue to build our leadership team, refine and rethink our strategies and ways of doing business, invest aggressively in global markets, improve our processes and systems, and reduce costs.

2

Film Products and Aluminum Extrusions are sharply focused on their markets and have refined their sales efforts. We have a platform in place for future growth.

prospects for Therics as it continues to transform itself from a research-based organization into a results-driven company. Additional actions taken during 2003 include:  Sale of our venture capital portfolio which generated about $75 million, including income taxes recoverable, and refinancing of our debt  Capital expenditures in Film Products of $57 million, primarily for new product development and project expansion, with plans to invest another $40 million in 2004 on projects including the start-up of a new plant in Guangzhou, China, and implementation of a new global information system  Announcement of the planned shutdown of Film Products' New Bern, North Carolina, plant and consolidation of capacity  Cost reductions in Film Products and Aluminum Extrusions totaling approximately $30 million, with about $24 million resulting from enhanced and more focused purchasing practices and improvements in operational efficiencies A Platform for Growth These actions, combined with our opportunities to introduce new products, improve innovation, enhance productivity and reduce costs during 2004 lead me to be optimistic about our prospects. Film Products and Aluminum Extrusions are sharply focused on their markets and have refined their sales efforts. We have a platform in place for future growth, particularly if the aluminum extrusions market improves with the economy and Film Products introduces new products more quickly and efficiently. We also look forward to the opportunity to determine future prospects for Therics as the introduction of its initial product line progresses. More information on our businesses and their growth prospects is contained on the following pages.

As I said last year, one of our accomplishments has been the development of appropriate measurements to tell us if we are on track or need to adjust our strategies. These measurements are part of a culture that encourages straight talk and strategic agility. As we work our way through 2004, we will be reviewing our options and opportunities to see what adjustments may be advisable. We are fortunate to have a solid balance sheet and a management team dedicated to resumption of growth and increased shareholder value. I want to once again thank all of our employees for their outstanding efforts. I look forward to seeing you again on my plant visits. I have also had the opportunity to visit a number of customers over the past two years to thank them for their business and ask them how we are doing. These visits are invaluable. After more than thirty years of service, Doug Monk, our Chief Operating Officer, has announced his retirement as of May 1. Most of Doug's career was spent in our Aluminum Extrusions division. Doug's contribution has been enormous. He has that rare ability to make complex issues simple and to focus on what is really important. We intend to honor Doug at our annual meeting and I urge all of his friends to attend. Finally, I want to thank the Board for its continuing wise counsel during these difficult times. I believe that all of our shareholders will be rewarded for their patience.

Norman A. Scher
February 6, 2004

3

