Dear Shareholders,
Inspiring Confidence. There's no higher praise from a shareholder, customer or employee than to have earned their confidence. And as you can see from the prior page of this Annual Report, it's our vision for Tredegar. We want our shareholders to be confident in what Tredegar is and what it can achieve. We want our customers to have confidence in our service and the quality of our products. And we want our employees to feel confident that Tredegar is an employer that will support their profes sional development and unleash their talents. So, how do we fulfill that vision? Growing profitably in our target markets, passionately pursuing opera tional excellence, innovation and leadership, promoting global citizenship and embracing the talents of our people. Growing Profitably in Our Target Markets. Volume growth has been a challenge for both our Film Products and Bonnell Aluminum businesses during the last few years. The economy certainly hasn't helped. Bonnell's volume declined by almost 40% from 2007 to 2010 (although we did see a slight increase in 2010 volumes versus 2009). The commercial construction market had been a sweet spot for Bonnell until the latest down cycle. It looks like the decline in that market may have finally bottomed out, but no one is betting on a quick recovery for commercial construction in the U.S. And whether that market will ever return to its heyday is anybody's guess. During 2010, Bonnell's leadership launched a strategic growth initiative to identify new, attractive mar kets that would value Bonnell's service and quality. In other words, we are looking for a few more sweet spots. We may need to broaden our capabilities to participate in those markets, and we are committed to doing just that for the right market opportunity. This will be an important activity for Bonnell during 2011. Meanwhile, Bonnell will continue to pursue new customers and opportunities created by its new large press at the Carthage, Tennessee plant. That press is fully operational, and we are confident that its capability to produce quality extrusions for the commercial construction market is unmatched. Film Products experienced a second consecutive year of volume growth. In particular, our surface pro tection business had its strongest year yet in both volume and revenues. We experienced some encour aging growth in other markets too, due to new product introductions. Film Products is committed to continued growth in its current markets. The personal care market has been an important market for Films for over 30 years and transformed us into a global company. Another critical part of Films' strategy, however, is to identify other attractive markets where we can emerge as a leader. Our success in surface protection, a small contributor to Films just five years ago, gives us the confidence that we can succeed in that strategy. A refocused and augmented upstream research and development organization will play a critical role in the pursuit of new markets as will our dedicated business development efforts. Business development is an important part of our overall growth strategy, so we will continue to evalu ate opportunities for growth within and outside of Film Products and Bonnell. While our newest busi nesses, Bright View Technologies and Falling Springs, are in early stages, they each participate in markets poised for significant growth. Our good cash flow and strong bal ance sheet provide us the flexibility to pursue external growth. I have complete confidence in the strength and ability of Tredegar's strong balance sheet management team to execute upon the right opportunities.

" Our good cash flow and

Passionately Pursuing Operational Excellence, Innovation and Leadership. Last year's shareholders' letter was devoted to these I have complete confidence in the strength and crucial building blocks, so I won't repeat that letter here. It is impor ability of Tredegar's management team to execute tant to highlight though, that one year later, Operational Excellence, Innovation and Leadership are even more firmly embedded in upon the right opportunities." Tredegar's culture. Operational Excellence, Innovation and Lead ership are the reasons that Bonnell was able to generate positive free cash flow* in 2010 despite a $4.2 million operating loss (a $2.3 million improvement over 2009) and nearly a 4% improvement in volume. These guiding principles are personi fied in the actions that allowed Bonnell's Carthage, Tennessee employees to manage through a 100year flood while barely missing a beat. Operational Excellence, Innovation and Leadership are the reasons that Film Products was able to satisfy our customers' needs during unprecedented volume surges. It's also how a global team moved from a ceremonial ground breaking to an operational plant in Pune, India in less than 12 months. As much as Operational Excellence, Innovation and Leadership are becoming part of Tredegar's DNA, we still have much work to do to improve on each of these key building blocks. While we can be proud of how our safety record compares to the industry benchmarks for Films and Bonnell, both businesses

provide us the flexibility to pursue external growth.

2010 Annual Report

p

2

fell short of our internal 2010 safety goals and experienced a slight backslide in comparison with 2009. We set high quality improvement goals in 2010 and, while there was improvement, we didn't meet our overall internal targets. We are striving to be a process organization, yet in the past year, there were still examples of firefighting and the need for streamlined processes. So, as I said, there are many opportuni ties to improve. The good news is that the commitment to Operational Excellence, Innovation and Leadership is strongly held across the entire company. Promoting Global Citizenship. In many ways, this is the most ambitious element of our vision because it is so multi-dimensional. On the most basic level, it is about increasing our global mindedness. In the last five years, the face of Tredegar has become significantly more culturally diverse. But we need to draw more on our cultural diversity as we navigate our global expansion in an increasingly complex world. It's also about having a positive impact on the communities in which we operate--something we are tak ing steps to better coordinate around the globe. And then there's the important topic of sustainability. We have been working in this area for a few years and have already introduced some of our initiatives to customers. And we'll keep working on this front in a thoughtful way that integrates sustainability into the fabric of our culture. Embracing the Talents of our People. Tredegar has many strengths, and our greatest strength, our most precious asset, is our people. I would put the passion, commitment and engagement of our employees up against those of any other company. The challenge we have at Tredegar is to create more opportunities for our employees to grow and develop, to provide the right support and structure to leverage the talents of our people. In other words, to ensure our employees understand the business strategy and targets, provide Our Film Products business had a very strong year them with the right tools and training and then get out of the way! " I wish I could report that we have all of that fully in place today. with top line volume growth, near record operating We don't. This is another area where there is still work to do, but it's work about which we are excited. In 2011, we will launch an profit, good cost control and strong cash flow improved set of development and training programs and processes. generation. Bonnell showed improvement, despite We have the raw talent, and Tredegar's management team is com mitted to doing the work necessary to enable our employees to incurring an operating loss, largely due to their realize their full potential. Inspiring Confidence. Inspiring the confidence of our shareholders, customers, employees, Board of Directors, suppliers and communi ties. No matter the constituency, in the end, it's about performance.

keen focus on operational excellence."

So how did we perform in 2010? Our Film Products business had a very strong year with top line volume growth, near record operating profit, good cost control and strong cash generation. Bonnell showed improvement, despite incurring an operating loss, largely due to their keen focus on operational excel lence, and their efforts were highlighted by generating positive free cash flow. Tredegar's balance sheet remains strong, and we ended the year with net cash of $73 million (after repurchasing 2.1 million shares of our stock). 2010 economic profit added, operating profit and adjusted EBITDA* all showed improve ment over 2009. All in all, I feel good about Tredegar's performance in 2010. Thank you. We are nothing without our customers. Thank you for your business and loyalty. Our suc cess comes from the efforts of our employees. Thank you for stepping up and going the extra mile with a "can do" attitude. In addition, I have to express my deep gratitude to Tredegar's Board of Directors. Your continued support and counsel, especially during my first year as CEO, has been invaluable. After serving on Tredegar's Board of Directors since Tredegar's birth as a public company in 1989, Norm Scher will retire from the Board in May. Norm has made innumerable contributions to Tredegar. His agenda has always been Tredegar's success, and his words and actions have always been grounded in reason and practicality. I'm happy to report that, after some arm-twisting, Norm has agreed to remain as part of the Tredegar management team for at least the remainder of 2011. I am grateful that I and the rest of Tredegar's management will continue to have access to his wisdom and perspective as we drive towards our vision.

Nancy M. Taylor President and Chief Executive Officer
*See appendix for footnotes 5, 6 and 7.

p

3

Inspiring Confidence

