Shareholders expect boring annual reports that include stodgy letters from the chief executive. If you like boring, go directly to the 10-K. The footnotes provide all the detail any flat-bottomed MBA or CPA could possibly want.

If you want a stodgy letter from the CEO, here it is:

Dear Shareholders,
Tredegar improved in 2006 versus 2005. The charts on the next page summarize the key results. EPS from Manufacturing Operations, EBITDA and Pretax Return on Assets all improved. Our employees executed well on cost reductions and working capital efficiencies. Tredegar Film Products' (Films') investments in areas of growth such as surface protection and elastics paid off. The Aluminum Extrusion business' ( Bonnell's) volumes in the commercial construction market were strong. Consequently, Tredegar succeeded in generating significant after tax net cash flow (see the net debt chart).

John D. Gottwald President and Chief Executive Officer

Nonfinancial highlights of 2006 include the development of thoughtful strategic plans in both business units, progress toward an organizational realignment in Films that should facilitate execution, and improved risk management, especially in Bonnell. I stated in last year's annual report, "...I believe that our people can and will improve results for shareholders through aggressive cost reductions, well developed strategies and enhanced organizational effectiveness." Our employees have risen to the challenge. I thank them on behalf of all shareholders. Looking forward to 2007, Tredegar must become more effective. The strategic planning work is encouraging. Now we must execute those plans in a disciplined manner. Process improvement will be critical in all elements of strategy. Duncan Crowdis, President of Bonnell, and Nancy Taylor, President of Films, have challenged their units to achieve industry leading levels of quality. Our employees are committing themselves to reduce variation in all processes, eliminate waste, reduce rework, simplify business and shorten time cycles. The potential benefits from superior quality and reliability are as great today as ever. As our debt drops to very low levels, a perennial question arises. Will we invest in growth or return capital to shareholders? Our first priority has always been to invest in internal capital projects, but we have been active in other ways. Since creation in 1989, Tredegar has spent approximately $363 million on acquisitions and reduced the total number of shares outstanding by 35 percent. We will continue to consider acquisitions. However, it is worth noting that valuations are high. In August of 2006, our Board approved the purchase of as many as 5 million shares. While no shares were acquired during 2006, this alternative as well as dividends will be considered going forward. I thank our customers and shareholders for their belief in us. I also express my appreciation to all employees for their extraordinary dedication to deliver value.

John D. Gottwald

The above letter to shareholders addresses many of the recent trends in our businesses. However, numbers and inflections on charts don't tell the whole story.
I am not known as an artsy or athletic kind of guy. My wife calls me "a suit." In other words, I am a Most Boring Adult. Working Sudokus is my idea of fun. But even suits like me become excited when the best are allowed to shine. I came of age in the 1960s and '70s. Like most of my generation, I have a biased view of our cultural evolution. John Lennon and Paul McCartney led their group with a vision that transcended the paradigm of their day. Muhammad Ali's aspiration and proclamation in 1964, "I am the greatest of all time," was so bold it seemed ludicrous until he proved it. These icons spoke to me. They shaped my view of the world. To me, they are "The Greatest." Nearly forty years ago, four talented lads with rhythm started playing music in a few Liverpool pubs. On their own, they had potential, but together they were extraordinary. Talent is a wonderful asset. Teamwork helps draw it out. Passion makes work fun. Vision can be as intriguing as "tangerine trees and marmalade skies." When all four come together, greatness happens. The SYNERGISTIC INNOVATION that became known as The Beatles left a legacy of creation for all of us to enjoy. At Tredegar, I see our own form of synergistic innovation emerging. This past summer a large group of managers put an extraordinary amount of energy into the strategic planning process. Since then more and more Films employees seem to be fired up about Nancy Taylor's vision of "innovation and quality at the right price." Films is adopting a new organization structure that is much better suited to

page 2

