When I reflect over the last four years as President and CEO, there have been a few bumps in the road. It has been a rocky ride replete with the loss of a major piece of films business, lack of consistency in our aluminum operations, and the inability to develop our biotech units. Over the period it became apparent that significant challenges were affecting our films and aluminum businesses that were changing the basic landscape. These included ever increasing raw material and energy costs, chronic overcapacity, and constant price pressure from customers and competitors. The strong Canadian Dollar added another challenge to our aluminum business. To return to profitable growth, these challenges had to be overcome. The resulting need for change, flexibility and strategic agility required effective execution through rapid new product introductions at films and more focused business efforts at aluminum. Cost reductions in all aspects of our operations became an absolute necessity. In our films business, we successfully introduced new elastics for baby diapers and adult incontinence products, surface protection films for flat panel displays, and apertured topsheets for feminine hygiene products, including a new feminine pad topsheet for P&G. However, the cost of capital, product rollout delays, and high start-up costs have suppressed growth at films. In aluminum, the success of our more focused efforts to grow profits is still to be determined.

During 2005, significant changes were made in the leadership of films and aluminum. I believe these units are effectively engaging their difficult business challenges. They are building their teams and should thrive under the proven leadership of John Gottwald and the priorities and expectations he has announced. While many changes continue at Tredegar, I'm glad to say that our fundamental culture of honesty, integrity and quality remains intact. I've been fortunate to have met many of our employees throughout the world. I thank them for their continued hard work and dedication. I thank the Board and John for the opportunity to lead the company over the last few years. I'm confident we now have in place the leadership and are putting in place the strategies that can move us well beyond the current state. I look forward to my continued involvement as a member of the Board and to providing continuing support to John and his team. Sincerely,

Norman A. Scher Vice Chairman

page 3

