LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
  Gannett began the decade much as it closed out the last – with record rev- enues, profits and cash flow. In 2000, we had our ninth consecutive year of record revenues and our 31st year of record profits since 1967, when Gannett became a public company.
Revenues exceeded $6 billion for the first time ever, reaching $6.2 billion. That was a
22 percent increase over 1999 due to solid advertising demand, the Olympics, election- related ad spending and our exciting round of strategic acquisitions.
Operating cash flow rose 19 percent to almost $2.2 billion reflecting the strong operat- ing results across our businesses and the incremental cash flow from our new properties. Earnings increased to $972 million, a 10 per- cent gain achieved despite higher newsprint expense and the additional interest and goodwill amortization expenses associated with the acquisitions.
All of these numbers exclude the results of Multimedia Cablevision, Inc., which was sold on Jan. 31, 2000, for $2.7 billion.
Our seasoned, solid management team and considerable financial strength allowed Gannett to take advantage of a number of terrific opportunities in a short time span in 2000. It was an exciting year for acquisitions.
News Communications & Media plc (“Newscom”) became available in the spring and joined the company in June for approxi- mately $700 million, plus Newscom’s existing debt. One of the United Kingdom’s largest regional newspaper publishers, Newscom brought 114 titles into the company, including four dailies and a number of weeklies and
Retired Gannett Chairman John J. Curley (left) and his successor, Chairman, President and CEO Douglas H. McCorkindale.
2
niche publications. Newscom is a wonderful fit geographically and philosophically with our existing Newsquest operations in the U.K.
The combined company already is sharing the printing resources brought to the operation
by Newscom, which had made a substantial investment in high-quality color printing prior to our acquisition. As a result of this and other synergies we are realizing under our talented management team in the U.K., Newscom has added to cash flow and earnings since we bought it. Newsquest, by the way, continues
to exceed our expectations and has added
solidly to cash flow and earnings since the day it joined us in mid-1999.
While the Newscom deal was being completed, we were taking advantage of some great opportunities we found closer to home. On July 21, we bought 19 daily newspapers plus numerous weeklies and other publications in five states from Thomson Newspapers Inc. for a little more than $1 billion.
Joining Gannett were eight dailies in Wisconsin, eight in Central Ohio and single newspaper groups in Lafayette, La., Salisbury, Md., and in the Utah resort town of St. George.
 
The Thomson newspapers were well run when they arrived and have had superior ad revenue growth over the last few years. But, with the consolidation of some printing operations in Wisconsin and the combination of their best practices with ours, we are achieving and expect further operating improvements.
The crown jewel of acquisition activity in the summer of 2000 was the purchase of Central Newspapers, Inc., for $2.6 billion, plus Central’s existing debt. Central presented us with the exciting opportunity to add two fine flagship newspapers – The Arizona Republic and The Indianapolis Star – to the Gannett family, along with daily newspapers in Muncie, Ind., and Alexandria, La.
The Arizona Republic expanded our presence in Phoenix, the 14th-largest market in the United States and the fastest-growing metro market in the country, where we already own one of the USA’s top-rated TV stations, KPNX. Convergence among the newspaper, TV station and Internet operations, sharing news coverage and other opportunities, is producing results for consumers there. And the Phoenix project is serving as a model for other parts of Gannett.
The Central deal also put us in Indianapolis, the 29th-largest market in the USA and a strong journalism voice in the nation’s midsection.
All told, the Central deal brought us a host of new talent and terrific revenue opportunities that will bolster our results over the next sever- al years, especially when combined with the substantial cost savings we are realizing from the group, particularly in Indianapolis. Right off
the top, we eliminated $14 million of Central’s corporate expenses and are working on additional savings. Seasoned Gannett veter- ans who understand good journalism and good business are now in place in Phoenix and Indianapolis and are encouraging both qualities at those locations.
In September, one more acquisition added to our growing presence in Louisiana. The Opelousas Daily World was added to the new papers in Lafayette and Alexandria, and the two we already own in Monroe and Shreveport. Ownership of those five dailies gives us a combined circulation of more than 200,000 in the state.
By the end of the year, Gannett had grown to 99 daily newspapers in the United States. This at a time when Wall Street was seriously undervaluing traditional newspaper companies and talk among investors again had turned to the demise of everything not dot-com. Repeatedly we were asked: “Why invest in these ‘old economy’ properties?”
The answer is we are confident all these acquisitions are excellent investments and will deliver to Gannett’s bottom line for years to come. More importantly, and we can’t say this strongly enough, we believe newspapers are a great business and will continue to deliver growth for many generations. That’s solid growth by all measures: substantial revenue, positive cash flow and real earnings.
As media fragment and proliferate, and questions arise about credibility and values, the role of newspapers as the most credible source for news and advertising remains strong and is increasing. And so our
GANNETT’S GAME PLAN
Gannett is an international, multi-billion dollar news, information and communications company that delivers quality products and results for its readers, viewers, advertisers and other customers.
We believe that well-managed newspapers, television stations, Internet products, magazine/specialty publications and programming efforts will lead to higher profits for our shareholders.
Our assets include:
• USA TODAY, the nation's largest-selling
daily newspaper;
• Daily and weekly community newspapers
and specialty publications in the United
States, Guam and the United Kingdom; • Television stations in many Top 25 and
growth markets;
• Online news, information and advertising
products and investments.
Strategic Vision
• Create, improve and expand quality products through innovation.
• Make acquisitions and smart investments in news, information and communications and related fields that make strategic
and economic sense.
• Capitalize on Internet opportunities to expand our information and advertising businesses.
Operating Principles
• Respect and protect the First Amendment.
• Provide effective leadership and efficient management.
• Raise the standards and enhance the credibility of our products, because quality ultimately leads to higher profits.
• Deliver customer satisfaction and expand our customer base.
• Achieve a positive return on new and acquired products and properties in a reasonable period of time, while recognizing those with high growth potential may take more time.
• Dispose of assets that have limited potential or when the disposition is in the best interests of the company and its shareholders.
• Increase profitability and return on equity and investment over the long term.
• Respect and be fair to employees, our smartest investments.
• Offer a diverse environment where opportunity is based on merit.
• Serve the communities in which we do business.
3
 
“IN A YEAR LIKE 2001, WE WILL DO WHAT WE DO BEST: AGGRESSIVELY GO AFTER REVENUES THROUGH BETTER PRODUCTS AND SMART DEALS. AND WE’LL USE OUR FINANCIAL DISCIPLINE TO DELIVER A SOLID PERFORMANCE. ”
newspapers will continue to produce solid, consistent growth as they did this year with record revenues at our community newspaper group and at USA TODAY.
But good business is not the only reason our newspapers succeed. Year 2000 saw a new Pulitzer Prize added to Gannett’s 42 oth- ers and new readership and quality initiatives designed to improve coverage and broaden our reach among younger readers.
Eric Newhouse, projects editor at the Great Falls (Mont.) Tribune, won the explanatory reporting Pulitzer for his series “Alcohol: Cradle to Grave” about the devastating effects of alcohol abuse on a community. The series is an outstanding example of the kind of journal- ism we do best: taking issues of utmost impor- tance to our communities and translating them into compelling and effective stories that sell newspapers and encourage change.
Our Newspaper Division introduced Complete Community Coverage, the next generation of NEWS 2000, which is designed to foster more diverse and fair coverage of communities. Among the work undertaken in connection with this was a study of young readers by young journalists, members of the Generation X Task Force. What they found was that, contrary to popular thought, young people want and like to read newspapers. But these readers need to see topics of interest to them, such as travel, fitness and the Internet. The result was a host of new features in a number of papers around the country.
Which brings us to Gannett’s continuing investment in the Internet. Our company has embraced the opportunity of the Web but
we’ve done it with caution and sensibility, always putting it to the same test we apply to all our business ventures: Will it make money and add value for our shareholders?
Even in the midst of the dot-com meltdown last year, our Web sites had revenues of about $63 million while losing just a few million dollars. As we closed the year, Gannett had 95 domestic newspaper publishing Web sites and sites in all 19 of our TV markets. Newsquest, as always, has a strong and expanding Internet presence while the newly redesigned USATODAY.com continues to be one of the most popular general news sites on the Web.
To answer the question of what impact will the Web have on readership, we are learning that the Internet can actually spur interest in the newspaper, generating several thousand print subscriptions. A study completed by our St. Cloud, Minn., newspaper showed that its online version added three points of new audience to the print product's reach. Other studies underway preliminarily are confirming that finding.
Gannett’s Broadcasting Division experi- enced another strong year in 2000. We were able to take great advantage of special advertising and news opportunities provided by the Olympics and the elections because of our strong lineup of stations. Our stations are No. 1 or No. 2 in 16 of our 19 markets and we have the four highest-rated news stations of all stations in the USA based on late news ratings.
While our network relationships continue to be important to us, our success this year and in the future is not simply tied to the networks’
performance. Strong affiliates such as ours outperform by providing viewers with quality local news and programming.
Among our programming initiatives in 2000 was bringing Broadcasting together with USA TODAY. USA TODAY LIVE takes stories from the paper and turns them into stories for our viewers. Networking the successful USA TODAY brand began with the Concorde crash in Paris, then blossomed for the political conventions and the Sydney Olympics.
Our television group also expanded its presence in the Jacksonville, Fla., market in 2000. In March, we added WJXX, the ABC affiliate in Jacksonville, to WTLV, the NBC affiliate we already own there. The new Federal Communications Commission rules approved in the fall of 1999 allowed for this duopoly. Now the two stations are working together to provide a bigger and better “First Coast News” operation for our viewers in the Jacksonville area.
The election of a new president produced another likely benefit for broadcasting. There’s a new mood at the FCC and we are hoping to see the end of cross-ownership rules that have so restricted our expansion into a number of markets. Our industry, hamstrung by these unnecessary rules, will seize the many oppor- tunities that will arise when the rules change. Our work in the Phoenix market is showing us what the possibilities are.
While 2000 was an incredibly exciting year at Gannett, it was one of mixed rewards for our shareholders. We have never seen better numbers, done better deals and had such
an unsatisfactory reaction on Wall Street.
4
 
 In response to the significant undervaluation of our businesses by the market, we bought back almost $1 billion of our company stock. Long term this will be another excellent investment.
Looking ahead, the year 2000 triumphs we’ve described are, in part, 2001’s challenges: The longest economic expansion in the nation’s history has slowed and may be coming to an end; special events such
as the Olympics and elections will be absent in 2001; newsprint expenses will be much higher.
And there will be another major change to accommodate in 2001: We will be moving into our new headquarters in McLean, Va.
But Gannett has seen, and managed successfully through, change before. We’ve seen slower economic times and tough year-to-year comparisons in the past. In a year like 2001, we will do what we do best: aggressively go after revenues through better products and smart deals. And we’ll use
our financial discipline to deliver a solid performance. We will make this new decade another rewarding one for our shareholders, our customers and our employees.
John J. Curley
Retired Chairman
Douglas H. McCorkindale
Chairman, President & CEO
FAREWELL
No grandiose parties. No speeches. No drawn out good-byes. John Curley chose to leave Gannett pretty much the way he ran it: with humility, intelligence and the best interests of the company at heart.
As an employee for more than 30 years, as an executive and, finally, as Gannett’s fifth chairman, Curley’s mark is everywhere in the company. With the skill and brains of his decades in the news business – the Associated Press as well as Gannett – Curley was instrumental in bringing about the kind of success that makes anyone with a stake in the company sleep well at night.
Quality products. Editorial integrity. A Pulitzer Prize on his watch as head of Gannett News Service. The first editor of USA TODAY and its ardent defender. A stock value increase of 346 percent during his years as CEO.
Facts vs. fiction. Fairness vs. bias. Strength vs. bombast.
Curley presided over growth that made sense as well as money. He made local autonomy for Gannett’s papers a mantra and a reality. He peppered the company with brilliant, tough employees and promoted diversity. He has been everyone’s friend, and everyone’s boss.
But most of all, John Curley has been a journalist: a savvy, street-smart journalist who knew how to get the story. And how to get the job done.
John Curley: his Gannett years at a glance
1969: 1970: 1971: 1974: 1979: 1980:
1980:
1982: 1983:
1984: 1986: 1989:
Joined Gannett as suburban editor, Times-Union, Rochester, N.Y.
Named editor, Courier-News, Bridgewater, N.J.
Named publisher, Courier-News, Bridgewater, N.J.
Named chief of Washington bureau, Gannett News Service
Named to the additional role of vice president/news, Gannett
Gannett News Service with Curley at its head claims the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, the first wire service to win that award.
Named publisher of The News Journal, Wilmington, Del., and later president of then Mid-Atlantic Newspaper Group
Named USA TODAY’s first editor
Named senior vice president, Gannett and president/Newspaper Division; elected to Board of Directors
Named president and COO
Named president and CEO
Named chairman, president and CEO
    5
 