 Letter to our shareholders
e entered 2002 hopeful the Wtough economic times that
had dogged us for two years would wind down and evaporate. We
hoped – but we prepared for continued weakness in the economy and a subdued advertising environment.
There were glimmers of an upswing: The Olympics and political advertising pushed Broadcast to a phenomenal close; local advertising in newspapers outpaced national; classified eventually got better.
As a result, we did well. Our decision to plan ahead, combined with our success- es, enabled our managers and employees to achieve some of the best numbers in the industry – on the top and bottom lines.
Operating cash flow was $2.15 billion, a 5.7 percent increase over 2001. Diluted earnings per share were $4.31, a 10 percent increase (adjusted for the new accounting rules for goodwill and intangible assets) over 2001. Revenues were $6.4 billion, a 2 percent gain.
Our stock performed well against
the market overall and our peers for the second year in a row. Gannett remained what it always has been: a good company to invest in. Many investors, large and small, found a haven in Gannett in 2002 and were rewarded for it.
There’s a reason for the confidence Wall Street has in Gannett. We consis- tently do well, even in difficult times,
and we do it with high standards of honesty and forthrightness.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Against the backdrop of the corporate scandals that rattled the nation early in the year, Gannett stood out as a company that practices ethical behavior and full disclosure. Throughout 2002, we enacted measures that underscore our belief in good corporate behavior.
Early on, we changed our 401(k) plan to allow all employees – not just the 55 and older crowd – to immediately divest Gannett stock received under the com- pany match program. We’re pleased that
  2
   
 only a small fraction of employees took that option, demonstrating their faith in the company.
In the summer, before we had to, we signed, submitted and posted on the Internet letters attesting to the accuracy of our financial records. We also verified the independence of our Board of Directors – a long tradition at Gannett – on which seven of eight seats are held by outsiders. I am the eighth director.
Finally, in October, the board approved new Principles of Corporate Governance and new or revised charters for its key committees.
All of our employees know this is important. They know I won’t stand for
site, azcentral.com. In 2002, the station and the newspaper enhanced each other’s coverage of the horrendous Rodeo- Chedeski fire, launched a summer-long drowning prevention project and united to help train young Hispanic journalists.
Meanwhile, The Arizona Republic joined with the El Paso (Texas) Times, The Desert Sun in Palm Springs, Calif., and the Tucson (Ariz.) Citizen to cover Mexico and border issues.
Gannett’s Florida-based television, print and Internet operations, along with USA TODAY and USATODAY.com, produced “Paradise at Risk,” an extensive look at the problem of beach erosion in the state. Then our three Florida TV
  anything less than the highest standards of behavior. Gannett’s reputation is solid, and we intend to keep it that way.
Behind that reputation is our strong business sense.
Because we were prepared, the econ- omy’s lackluster performance didn’t catch us off guard. We didn’t waste time or money making huge course correc- tions. This became a year to keep costs under control, to stress the importance of cooperation and to think about the future of the information industry.
CONVERGENCE
For years, Gannett has encouraged cooperation among our units and across platforms where it made sense. It also had to work for our audiences. In 2002, these efforts took hold across divisions and across the country.
Phoenix is the most mature of our efforts. KPNX-TV works with The Arizona Republic on diverse, communi- ty-based projects, then shares the results and posts them on their joint Internet
stations joined with Gannett News Service and our three newspapers in the state to enhance the coverage of Florida’s high-profile and troubled election process.
In Michigan, WZZM-TV in Grand Rapids meets monthly with the state’s four Gannett newspapers to find ways to increase coverage of subjects of importance to their communities such as elections.
USA TODAY LIVE reproduces USA TODAY’s best content in a video format and beams it to Gannett’s 22 television stations for broadcast as early as the night before it runs in the paper. Popular live updates also are done in the morning. The arrangement is symbiotic: The TV pieces promote the paper’s content, and the content enhances the broadcast line-up.
Coverage of the Salt Lake City Winter Olympics was a Gannett-wide project. KPNX in Phoenix and KUSA in Denver expanded their nightly newscasts, while news crews from several stations supported the rest of the group. Teams of reporters from Gannett News Service, local newspapers and USA TODAY
          
 provided print coverage for the newspa- pers and material for LIVE.
Another form of convergence is Gannett’s move toward clustering and layering. Clustering is strategically shar- ing facilities among groups of newspa- pers in geographic regions. Layering ties niche and other non-daily publications to one of our large metropolitan dailies.
Gannett’s approach to clustering is to let the local papers be local but share resources and best practices when it makes sense.
That means Louisiana’s five dailies can collaborate online with “Capital Watch” for state political news and the Indiana papers can make better use of
was published for the first time in November in Phoenix. It is distributed on its own, in The Arizona Republic and online at www.azcentral.com/style.
Nationwide for 11 years, Baseball Weekly provided its readers with all the news of the nation’s pastime. In 2002, the staff of Baseball Weekly seized the opportunity to add coverage of the nation’s other favorite pastime and rein- vented the magazine as Sports Weekly.
In just seven weeks, the publication was totally redesigned and repositioned to cover professional football as well as baseball. It was an instant success, finish- ing the year with an 8 percent increase in newsstand sales and a 5 percent increase
NEWSPAPERS
Local news is the heart and soul of Gannett’s Newspaper Division. With
its 93 community daily newspapers, corresponding Web sites, USA WEEKEND and 400-plus non-daily publications, the division is able to reach into the neighborhoods and homes of millions of Americans. The division is also the company’s largest and most complex.
The dominance of local advertising over national boosted the division’s results. Total ad revenues were up slight- ly over 2001 and would have been up more if not for the decline in classified
  Letter to our shareholders
the newly completed $72 million press and mailroom project in Indianapolis. Newspaper groups in New Jersey, Wisconsin and Ohio also are sharing resources to improve online efforts, pro- vide better news coverage and save on production and other back-office costs.
Layering has been perfected by our Newsquest group in the United Kingdom, which acquires or creates the publications it needs when the timing is right. In 2002, Newsquest launched a new weekly property guide in London; “YO1,” a quality magazine on urban liv- ing in historic York; “3SIXTY,” a publi- cation for the large gay community in Brighton; and the weekly Sussex Homes.
Two of our papers in the U.S. are test- ing the waters in key markets for alterna- tive weekly-type publications. “Noise” in Lansing, Mich., home of the Lansing State Journal, and “Thr!ve” in Boise, where The Idaho Statesman is published, are designed to appeal to young people.
“YES,” or Your Essential Style, covers fashion and lifestyle issues of interest to young women. The weekly
in overall circulation, despite a 25-cent price hike.
These new or renewed publications join the 700-plus non-dailies Gannett operates across the U.S., in the United Kingdom, Guam and Mexico. The port- folio includes free shoppers, “beach- combers,” real estate guides and local entertainment weeklies. This part of our business grew in importance in 2002 and will play an even more significant role in the future.
So, a lot has been going on in the trenches at Gannett. The moderation of 2002 allowed us to spend time building new relationships and strengthening old ones. Our purpose became increasingly clear: to give people the information they want, when they want it, the way they want it. That means reaching across divi- sions when it makes sense, certainly across platforms, and overcoming resistance to change.
This new “information industry” approach is exciting, but it takes resources, managed well. That is the definition of Gannett.
employment revenues. Run-of-paper ad volume increased 3 percent.
USA WEEKEND is one of the divi- sion’s strongest performers. The weekly magazine appears in 598 newspapers and had a record circulation of 23.7 million. Ad pages were up 8 percent over 2001. Content honors included three Clarion Awards and the only bylined article by President Bush on the anniversary of Sept. 11.
The Newspaper Division’s focus in 2002 was on customers, with improved quality in all areas. It became easier to pay for newspapers and easier to sub- scribe. The product was improved with better news and advertising content, better reproduction and better delivery.
As mentioned, a $72 million press and mailroom project was completed in Indiana. And while another press project was winding up in Springfield, Mo., five more totaling more than $348 million were being launched in Louisville, Honolulu, Detroit (with Knight Ridder), St. George, Utah, and Palm Springs.
Amid all the convergence efforts and
 4
 
 product launches, the Newspaper Division didn’t lose sight of what it does best: reporting the news. In addition to the Olympics and elections, Gannett newspapers covered their communities as well as the war on terrorism, the anniver- sary of the Sept. 11 attacks and the sniper attacks in the Washington, D.C., area.
Ten Gannett journalists were hon- ored with Outstanding Achievement Awards as we celebrated 25 years of the Best of Gannett competition. And The Clarion-Ledger in Jackson, Miss., had a Pulitzer finalist in editorial cartoonist Marshall Ramsey.
Another Gannett Pulitzer finalist in 2002 was USA TODAY reporter Jack
Innovation, a competitive edge and a deep sense of the communities it serves helped the Newsquest group shine during the year. A new press for the magazine division, Southernprint, and investments at the Brighton unit upgraded facilities. And there’s more to come in 2003.
Meanwhile, Newsquest’s product rollouts and specials brought in new rev- enues and delighted readers. Newsquest, after all, is the company that once turned out a new weekly magazine in less than 72 hours to beat the competition to the street. In 2002, Newsquest produced more than 300 supplements to mark the Queen’s Golden Jubilee. “For Queen & Country” in the Oxford Mail won the
   Kelley. The designation was a first for a reporter at the nation’s paper and came as it worked at developing a more authoritative voice, breaking more stories and improving its graphics and training during its 20th year of publication.
The hard work on the editorial side was matched by USA TODAY’s adver- tising and circulation departments.
Advertising improved with each quarter, inspired by the paper’s new wine, home and entertainment features. In the end, however, the paper struggled to over- come the economy’s blues. For the year, ad revenues were down about 6 percent.
Circulation found a new voice on the Web with the launch of the USA TODAY Customer Extranet. The product lets new and existing subscribers contact the paper 24/7 and at least 10,000 people did just that in December alone.
Economic blahs spread across the Atlantic in 2002, but the excellent man- agement team at our U.K. operation worked hard to overcome them. Costs were controlled and operating profits were up in the mid single digits for the year.
Best Golden Jubilee Supplement at the 2002 Newspaper Society Advertising Awards. The honor was just one of many won by the group in 2002.
Online operations pushed ahead in a nation already experienced in Internet usage. The London portfolio of Web sites was redesigned and re-launched, becom- ing the first database-driven sites operat- ed by Newsquest. Content was increased by a third and the audience was doubled.
In December, we were delighted to announce an agreement to acquire SMG Publishing, Scotland’s leading newspaper publisher, for about $346 million. We expect this wonderful business with three award-winning newspapers – The Herald, Evening Times and Sunday Herald – 11 magazines and an online business to be modestly accretive in 2003. We happily welcome them to the Newsquest group.
And in a great, lucky moment of “convergence,” Newsquest’s Evening Press in York searched the world for a marrow donor to help a local leukemia victim and found one in a Gannett journalist stateside.
        
 Letter to our shareholders
  BROADCAST
Television was a great business in 2002, especially if a station was No. 1 or No. 2 in the local ratings. Most of Gannett’s stations were ratings leaders during the year and attracted the dollars that flowed to TV during 2002’s hotly contested elections.
Those political dollars, along with revenues from the Winter Olympics
and from new products, made the
year an exceptional one for Gannett Broadcasting. Year over year, television revenues jumped 16.4 percent to $771 million in 2002. The fourth quarter alone saw a 27 percent increase in revenues.
Quality was the key to the success. Hard work and strong content – at some locations, award-winning content – pushed the stations to their ratings successes.
Prestigious Edward R. Murrow Awards were given to KARE-TV in Minneapolis-St. Paul and the Jacksonville, Fla., duopoly, WTLV- TV/WJXX-TV. KARE and KUSA-TV in Denver won top National Press Photographers Association awards.
cross all divisions in 2002, AInternet operations became a
mainstay of our ability to reach our audiences, with literally millions of unique visitors to our 200-or-so Web sites in the U.S. and the U.K. In December alone, Gannett’s domestic Web sites had nearly 12 million unique visitors, reaching almost 9 percent of all people online.
Our cautious approach during the wild and woolly days of the Internet boom has been paying off. Revenues from our Internet operations for the
year were about $91 million, an increase of 27 percent. Innovative approaches to advertising – “bundling” sales for the Internet and Broadcast, for instance –
is helping there. In the Newspaper Division, 2 percent of ad sales now involve the Web.
Studies now consistently show that people who use the Web seek out sources of news and information they trust – and they trust traditional media.
A Newspaper Association of America study reports that 62 percent of Internet users go to local newspaper sites when they want news. They also go to local television station sites, as our usage num- bers show. Total group page views at
Gannett Broadcast sites were up 53 per- cent over the previous year.
Gannett, then, is perfectly positioned to operate the Web sites of choice for users across America and in the United Kingdom.
And to those who argue that Web sites take audience from newspapers, we can answer that large portions of the audience are different and happy to be convinced about the value of newspa- pers. For instance, USA TODAY and USATODAY.com’s unduplicated audi- ence in 2002 was 7.3 million a day. And studies show that the Internet is driving readers to newspapers.
The Internet is adding value to Gannett in other ways as well. We keep our shareholders and fans informed at www.gannett.com and make it easier to buy ads and subscribe to our papers via the local Web sites.
One key task that has migrated to the Web is finding a job. So our acquisition in October of one-third of CareerBuilder for approximately $98 million was an important strategic step. We joined
partners Knight Ridder and Tribune in the hunt for these revenues. In about five weeks in November and December, we launched more than 100 sites with CareerBuilder brands.
Now, some clever ads and aggressive marketing are getting more action for CareerBuilder as each day goes by. In fact, traffic was up by more than 50 percent in the first few weeks of January.
FINALLY...
We begin 2003 in the same way we began 2002: hopeful, cautious and well- positioned to take on whatever comes our way.
A change we’d like to see is an end to the newspaper/television cross-owner- ship rule. We’re hoping the Federal Communications Commission will finally step up and end this antiquated regulation. An end to the rule that pro- hibits ownership of newspapers and television stations in one community will bring the government into the 21st century and spur more dynamic changes in our industry.
We are looking forward to this and all the other changes in the information industry. It’s exciting to be part of a company that embraces change but doesn’t abandon its underlying principles to make it happen.
Douglas H. McCorkindale, Chairman, President and CEO
     6
