Letter to Shareholders
Twin currents of transformation and economic reality dominated Gannett in 2007. They were inseparable as we moved through this challenging but productive and, ultimately, game-changing year.
In the end, the work of our transformation to a nimble, innovative and customer-centric company won out and we succeeded in making fundamental and lasting improvements despite the cyclical forces of the economy.
Our year-end results reflected both streams: revenues at $7.4 billion, impacted by the downturn in real estate and other advertising categories, a lack of political and Olympics advertis- ing and comparisons to a 53-week year in 2006. Net income per share from continuing operations was $4.17, which included $0.22 resulting from an after-tax, $50.8 million impairment charge relating to the value of mastheads. At the same time, we showed healthy growth in our digital businesses to almost half a billion dollars.
We maintained our usual fiscal discipline throughout the year, aligning it with our strategic plan. In bringing costs in line with revenues, we made the difficult decisions necessary while maintaining our focus on customers. We adapted new ways of working, centralizing and consolidating where we could while upholding and advancing our journalistic integrity.
We kept shareholders front of mind, always, and demon- strated it by increasing dividends by 29%. To me, return to shareholders is central to any discussion about use of free cash flow. Also in the analysis are two other key themes: retaining the ability to make smart acquisitions, investments and affilia- tions and being able to leverage our position whatever the state of the credit markets.
Just what role the economy would play in our transformation process became clear as the year wore on. We warned of a real estate downturn in the U.S. after seeing negative changes in four
key Gannett states: Arizona, California, Florida and Nevada. By the end of the year, these four states were responsible for 40% of our decline in domestic ad revenues. Those declines bred other soft- ness – in retail, home improvement and furniture. The U.S. auto- mobile industry continued its struggle. At Newsquest, a nascent recovery from an economic downturn there lost steam as the global credit crunch spread to the U.K. at year end.
These cyclical headwinds added a layer of difficulty but did not stop the important work of our transformation. In fact, we learned a great deal about streamlining our operations and adding efficiencies while keeping our eyes on the strategic goal of changing our company.
The ability to do both at the same time is, I believe, the key to success. We are becoming a new Gannett, defined by our ability to provide value to customers as well as to shareholders. This past year went a long, long way toward making that possible.
I’ll begin with a review of our strategic plan, which we began developing more than two years ago. At the time, we said it needed to be flexible, able to adjust quickly to the changes in our industry.
I am proud to say the plan has done just that. Changes hap- pened with greater speed than we initially expected – and the plan is keeping pace. Those changes included a turn by many of our customers toward social networking, community and information sharing – and the plan enabled us to shift in that
2 2007 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT

 CRAIG A. DUBOW, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
direction. The economy stumbled, and having a plan with spe- cific goals became crucial to maintaining the transformation. At all times, our customers pressed us for quality journalism – and the plan delivered.
Here it is: Our vision is that consumers will choose Gannett media for their news and information needs, anytime, any- where, in any form. Our mission is to successfully transform Gannett to the new environment, where we will provide must- have news and information on demand across all media, ever mindful of our journalistic responsibilities.
Our path is to grow a robust digital business while main- taining and enhancing our core.
But what does “robust digital business” mean exactly? How do we enhance a core that is under pressure from a fractured and demanding audience base and from advertisers who are themselves under pressure?
DIGITAL
First, digital is crucial to our plan and to the future of media. No question. There is enormous opportunity in the space and expanding our digital offerings to meet customer demand is the endgame.
Simply, we define robust as achieving top-line growth and solid margins through understandable, workable business
models. It sounds basic, but in the digital world these are major accomplishments. We are moving there rapidly.
While the puzzle of monetizing some aspects of the Web remains incomplete, we believe we have a clear direction and are seeing results.
CareerBuilder and Classified Ventures – two of our partner- ships with other media companies – continued to capture online classified revenues successfully. CareerBuilder has grown to be the No. 1 jobs site in the U.S. and is expanding overseas, with help from Microsoft. In May, that affiliation went deeper with Microsoft acquiring a minority interest in CareerBuilder.
PointRoll, our rich media firm, positively blossomed with innovation and application. It became the company others went to for answers to their Web advertising problems. Revenues grew.
These enterprises are our digital workhorses.
Our innovation efforts redoubled in 2007. While Gannett has always led the industry in innovation, our customers now are demanding much, much more. Our company culture is changing to one that’s instinctively innovative in virtually everything we do.
One result is Nimbus, a weather widget opportunity, which grew out of our design and innovation center. Nimbus has passed the testing stage and is bringing in revenues. Another is our Moms.com sites. The first was launched at our
2007 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT 3

Letter to Shareholders
Indianapolis operation – in fact, won our first-ever Innovator of the Year award in 2007 – and now is up and running in 58 loca- tions across the country, on both newspaper and TV station Web sites. A national sales effort will be layered on the promis- ing local efforts in the coming months.
Meanwhile, we made great progress in 2007 on creating the infrastructure we needed to grow our digital top line. By infrastructure I mean the basic tools to provide the multitude of products and offerings we need to attract the customers we want. These include video, social networking, search and mobile. We also are bringing order to the process by creating standard ad sizes across our more than 100 local Web sites.
Throughout the year, we made the affiliations required to put these tools in our hands. Two firms – Maven and thePlatform – are providing our video underpinnings with players and archiving and sharing tools. These will allow us to improve the quality of the thousands of video streams we are now providing on our TV- and newspaper-affiliated Web sites.
Our program to train hundreds of print journalists in the use of video has been much lauded. More than 800 journalists are shooting video for their newspaper Web sites, and now more than 55 advertising/non-news employees have been trained to create video advertising solutions.
We are developing the increasingly important social network- ing capabilities through alliances and partnerships. Our young customers demand this solution, and our Moms sites thrive on the ability to connect, create communities and to share information on the Web. We see a whole new information consciousness developing among young people, and we are there to assist it.
Planet Discover, a local search firm we acquired in 2006, continued its rollout across our sites. And, last but not least, we completed a comprehensive launch of mobile sites across 108 of our locations. (A complete list is at http://www.gannett.com/news/pressrelease/2007/mobile.htm.) Our affiliation with 4INFO, an innovative mobile search compa- ny, allowed us to link print with the all-important texting demand. Mobile is an important area for us, and we will see much more on this in 2008.
Now, we have turned to finding the customer-pleasing products to place on our infrastructure, starting with entertain- ment and sports.
In October, we partnered with Tribune Company on the entertainment site Metromix. Soon, we’ll have these sophisticat- ed, multimedia sites in 40 markets – including 25 of the nation’s top 30 markets – with appeal to the trendy and urban. Metromix will be anywhere these millions of affluent young people play.
We also acquired Schedule Star LLC, the parent company of HighSchoolSports.net. This satisfied a demand first realized through our design and innovation process: reaching into the prep sports world. The company has broad reach, with more
than 6,000 schools on board and more to be added quickly. Coaches, team members, parents, siblings and friends are the audience.
What these two products have in common is the local entry points linked into national scale. Both will benefit greatly from our ability to gather local/local information and sell local ads, but also have national reach.This local-to-national nexus is one key to our digital plan.
Also in the sports area, in early 2008, we acquired X.com, Inc., also known as BNQT.com. This company, which will be affiliated with USA TODAY, operates a digital network covering action sports such as surfing, snowboarding and skateboarding.
In the midst of all this, we turbo-charged our digital efforts with a couple of announcements. We added more firepower to our digital group through the appointment of Chris Saridakis as senior vice president and chief digital officer. Chris led the very successful efforts of PointRoll, which he grew after leaving DoubleClick. His digital pedigree is top-notch and his focus is on customers.
He complements and enhances the heavy lifting done by Jack Williams over the past year. Williams becomes president of Gannett Digital Ventures, where he will continue oversight of CareerBuilder, Classified Ventures and other diversified media assets such as Clipper and the Gannett Healthcare Group.
In February, we announced the creation of quadrantONE, the digital ad sales network owned by Gannett and three other top media companies: Tribune Company, Hearst and The New York Times Company. With a reach of nearly 50 million unique visitors and nearly 200 local Web sites, it is a major and long awaited step toward the “one buy, one bill” solution for the Internet demanded by advertisers.
These moves underscore our key strategic focus: appeal to customers and monetize, monetize, monetize. Our tally thus far from these significant steps? Nearly half a billion dollars in revenue.
The word for 2008 in digital: speed.
THE CORE: NEWSPAPERS, TELEVISION
Gannett’s newspapers and television stations are our heart and soul. They give us our identity, our principles and our culture. And under our strategic plan, they are pumping up, acquiring all sorts of new muscles while maintaining their constitutional vigil under the First Amendment.
These are our news and information engines.They have mul- tiple products on paper, on the air and are digitally designed to appeal to any and all customers. Our newspapers reach millions of readers – 7.5 million around the world to be exact – and our 23 TV stations reach more than 20 million households covering 18.2% of the U.S. population. But we also reach nearly 16% of the
4 2007 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT

people who go to the Internet and more than 2.3 million people per day who get in and out of elevators with our Captivate screens. Hundreds of non-daily publishing products, such as our youth publications and local/local weeklies, add to Gannett’s deep penetration into our communities. In fact, in a just-released Scarborough Research report, Gannett’s combined print and Web operations in Rochester, N.Y., Wisconsin and Des Moines, Iowa, had the deepest reach in their communities of 81 markets in the country. Rochester’s combined Web site and newspaper reaches 81% of the market, for example.
These are influential numbers that counter those wrong- headed notions about the end of days for media. The millions who come to us for their news and information via multiple venues will continue to do just that – especially if we provide the full range of products they need.That’s our strategic vision.
To accomplish this multi-product, multi-platform vision, we transformed our newsrooms into Information Centers. In our
crowdsourcing work the year before.
Both these Information Center skills enhance our First
Amendment capabilities – and move us permanently away from the notion that journalists always know best. Customer centricity is as important in the gathering of news and infor- mation as it is to other aspects of our business.
Across Gannett, this new way of thinking about customers has changed the way we are selling advertising as well. Audience-based selling does this: switches the focus from sell- ing ad positions in the paper to providing the customer solu- tions advertisers want. It sounds simple, but it’s revolutionary.
This change allows us to work more closely with the adver- tisers who need us most. To this end, a new national ad sales ini- tiative is underway as we develop across-the-board solutions compatible with our digital, print and television properties. On the other end, with the local/local focus of our Information Centers, we now can appeal to local/local businesses. New top-
 “Our vision is that consumers will choose Gannett media for their news and information needs, anytime, anywhere, in any form. Our mission is to successfully transform Gannett to the new environment, where we will provide must-have news and information on demand across all media, ever mindful of our journalistic responsibilities.”
community newspapers, the changeover was completed by May 1, on deadline. Rollout in our broadcast group is underway. Two facets of the Information Centers have emerged as key
differentiators for us: databases and crowdsourcing. Databases have proven hugely popular with audiences around the country. Lists of police, teacher and other govern- ment salaries and overtime; real estate sales; crime in the neighborhood (in the case of The Cincinnati Enquirer, linked to
maps); restaurants; whatever our customers crave, we’ll do.
In Florida, our multiple TV and newspaper properties pub- lished a database of more than 2 million files listing recipients of government aid. The lists were reluctantly provided by the Federal Emergency Management Agency after a successful lawsuit. It pinpointed waste, named names and attracted huge
interest.
Crowdsourcing is where the customer joins in the informa-
tion-gathering process. Document sharing, blogging, tips – it works in all sorts of ways. It is particularly powerful when augmenting the traditional watchdog role – and governments listen when their constituencies get involved in the investiga- tion. We were leaders in this field – to the extent that The News-Press in Fort Myers, Fla., won the Innovation award from the Associated Press Managing Editors in 2007 for its
line growth from national and local ad sales is the goal.
An innovative solution for advertisers who want a complete- ly new approach is Sunday Select, which we announced in November and are rolling out across our markets this year. This is a way to deliver pre-print, Sunday insert-type advertising to customers who want the ads but may be getting their news elsewhere. The target: high-value customers who want to opt in. Sunday Select is such a new approach to ad delivery that it has drawn attention from media companies across the country.
Efforts are underway to help them launch similar programs. Appealing to customers and advertisers, and doing it in innovative ways, has always been the goal of USA TODAY, which celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2007. Arguably the most significant innovation in the news and information space in the 20th century, USA TODAY’s remarkable success reminds us all at Gannett of the importance of a customer-centric
approach and of trying new ideas.
In 2007, this led USA TODAY to focus its Web site on “the
next generation of network journalism” – bringing to the fore its social networking capabilities, blogging and commentary along with the staple of breaking news 24/7 and USA TODAY’s enterprise and graphics.
Within the core operations – in tune with the strategic plan –
2007 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT 5

Letter to Shareholders
is an ongoing look at resources and how they are deployed. With that in mind, Gannett completed the disposition of five newspa- per properties in May. The Norwich (Conn.) Bulletin, the Rockford (Ill.) Register Star, the Observer-Dispatch in Utica, N.Y., and The Herald-Dispatch in Huntington, W.Va., were sold to Gatehouse Media. The fifth, our Marion, Ind., newspaper, was donated to the Gannett Foundation and used to make grants to support our communities and to match employees’ charitable gifts.
Transformation in the core continued in the area of person- nel as well. Dave Lougee became head of our Broadcasting Division. He dove in with huge energy to carry on the strategic efforts such as the Information Center in the Broadcast group.
Early in 2008, Sue Clark-Johnson announced her plans to retire, ending 40 years with Gannett and ending her year as chair- person of the Newspaper Association of America. She has been a mainstay of the Newspaper Division, and capped her career by helping to shape and roll out Information Centers across the divi- sion – with remarkable speed and effectiveness.
No discussion of our core operations would be complete without a word about government regulation.
In December, the FCC granted a waiver to our Phoenix sta- tion which will allow it to continue operating in the same city as our newspaper, The Arizona Republic. The waiver was granted at the same time the FCC voted to amend the ban on cross-owner- ship to allow a company to own a newspaper and a broadcast station in the 20 largest markets, in limited circumstances. We believe this amendment doesn’t go far enough: It doesn’t take into consideration the dramatic changes in the way people use media, and it doesn’t give us the flexibility we need to best serve our communities in this competitive new environment.
A TRADITION OF FISCAL DISCIPLINE
As you can see, 2007 was a busy, busy year. Much was done to position Gannett for a successful and profitable future. Among those accomplishments, as I mentioned earlier, were steps taken in the fiscal arena that provide a fair balance between the sometimes competing demands of shareholder return, debt management and retaining the ability to make acquisi- tions, investments, affiliations and alliances with speed.
In June, Gannett sold $1 billion worth of unsecured senior convertible notes, demonstrating the high regard for Gannett in the debt markets. The money raised in the sale was used to repay commercial paper – and put us in a very healthy position ahead of the credit markets’ meltdown at the end of the year.
Our strong balance sheet is significant and noteworthy. It is a major reason why we will be able to make our transformation and do it dynamically while weathering the cyclical economic downturns. Maintaining it is of great value to employees, cus- tomers and shareholders alike.
Shareholders are always our top priority. The 29% dividend increase in July brought to $1.60 our annualized rate of return per share. It was the 39th increase since Gannett became a pub- lic company, and provides an average of 11% per year in divi- dend growth. It’s a reminder of the company’s financial depth and ongoing regard for shareholders’ needs.
The increase, combined with the company’s share repur- chase program, means Gannett has returned more than $6.2 billion in value to shareholders since 2000. We remain commit- ted to returning more value to shareholders.
OUR EMPLOYEES
Every accomplishment I’ve talked about in this letter – our solid financial base, our commitment to the customers, our innovation and our top-notch content – is possible because of our employees. Every one.
I expect a lot from them, and I get more. They are hard- working, loyal and, increasingly, strategic. They have shoul- dered a difficult burden in the past two years – maintaining our successes while carrying us through the transformation.
Transformations are emotionally challenging, stressful processes. But our employees are coming through it with their creativity, senses of humor, perspective and their devotion to the company intact.
I am in awe of their dedication and reserves. I deeply appre- ciate all their work, and I thank them.
LOOKING AHEAD
Already in 2008, we have seen striking changes for our company in new leadership and movement toward our digital goals. There is great promise ahead on the revenue front with the Olympics and an exciting political year. But we also see continuing difficulties in the economy here and in the U.K.
We will continue to manage through this, as we have done so well in the past. And we will not stall in our transformation. Simply, it is too important.
Our executive team has great talent, intellect and belief in the power of Gannett. Our employees tell us they are ready to go. 2007 helped put all the pieces in place; 2008 will see it through. I assure you, you will see great progress.
Craig A. Dubow,
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 6 2007 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT
