LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS
 2009 began like no other year. Financial markets were generated $1.1 billion in operating cash flow and reduced our
in turmoil and our industry wrestled with the twin forces of an unprecedented economic downturn and indus-
try transformation.
At Gannett, we faced the challenges head on. We successfully
managed through this period of enormous uncertainty, making some very tough decisions along the way. At the same time, our employees continued to innovate, challenge and change the very structure of our business and culture of our company to meet the dynamic needs of consumers and advertisers. We were able to successfully pursue these parallel paths because of the strength of our company, the talent and commitment of our employees and the leadership across our businesses.
Today, we stand as a stronger and better positioned company and I am extremely proud and appreciative of all that our employ- ees accomplished during these extraordinary circumstances.
Against the backdrop of the worst economic crisis in 80 years and profound changes in our sector, we delivered strong profits,
debt by $755 million. Net income attributable to Gannett exclud- ing special items was $442 million. We accelerated changes underway within our businesses and fundamentally restructured how we do business. Throughout, we maintained our level of excellence, became more efficient and our employees’ work continued to be recognized nationally and locally, including the coveted Pulitzer Prize for the Detroit Free Press.
We achieved revenues of $5.6 billion. As the year progressed, we saw steady improvements in advertising revenue comparisons month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter, culminating in fourth quarter and December revenue comparisons being our best for the year.
Our Publishing segment’s strong finish to the year reflected these trend improvements. Our overall advertising revenue com- parisons for the fourth quarter were better than the first three quarters in the U.S. and at Newsquest in the UK. National adver- tising was up almost nine percent in December and classified
advertising in both countries also ended the year with good momentum and marked improvement relative to the rest of the year.
The tremendous success our Broadcasting division had in political and Olympics adver- tising in 2008 made for some tough compar- isons in 2009. However, when we exclude political, Broadcasting ended the year quite favorably, with core revenues up 11 percent for the fourth quarter. Our television revenue also benefited from $56 million of retransmission revenues which were up from $19 million – or 199 percent – the year before. This was quite an accomplishment and due to the extraordinary work of our Broadcasting group.
CRAIG A. DUBOW,
CHAIRMAN
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 2 2009 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT
 
   “I am extremely proud and appreciative of all that our employees accomplished during these extraordinary circumstances”
                                                      We continued to invest in and grow our digital business. Career- Builder further expanded overseas and substantially increased its profitability. It also gained market share and traffic leadership. PointRoll and ShopLocal delivered solid revenue and earnings growth. Our overall revenues in digital lagged last year on a pro forma basis, however, as the difficult employment picture impacted our overall results at CareerBuilder. Overall profitability in our digital segment more than doubled in 2009, which is testament
to strong leadership here and commitment to our strategic plan. Our company also undertook a series of actions over the course
of the year to further strengthen our balance sheet, culminating in October when we successfully accessed the capital markets and raised $500 million in new long-term debt. We used the proceeds to pay down existing bank debt. The financing was very well received and indicates market confidence in our future prospects. Because of this financing and steps we took earlier in the year to manage our capital structure, Gannett’s next debt ma- turity is not until June 2011 and approximately 25 percent of our debt matures in the fourth quarter of 2014 and beyond. We have significant access to liquidity through our revolving credit agree- ments and very manageable leverage. At the end of the 2009 fiscal year, our senior leverage ratio was 2.63 times, well within the ceiling of 3.5 times designated by our only financial covenant.
The economic downturn, along with new technologies, ignited the speed at which we moved forward on a number of organiza- tional changes, including consolidation and streamlining many of our operations. Today, how we manage and operate our busi- ness is vastly different than a year ago, from how we design our newspapers to where we print them to how we manage the production of ads and television news graphics. These changes have enabled us to achieve greater efficiencies while at the same time maintaining our commitment to high-quality service. They culminated in a permanent transformation of our cost structure and reduced our overall cost base.
Fifty-one percent of our U.S. newspapers are now outsourced and printed by commercial printers, other Gannett newspapers or newspapers owned by other companies. Nearly half of our news- papers are designed and paginated in centralized editing hubs. Toward the end of the year, we began the process of transitioning
Going Mobile
Consumers are on the go and Gannett’s content is too. We are leveraging the power of our traditional and digital brands and adding a new level of engagement through mobile.
From text messaging to
e-readers, Gannett is connecting
consumers to what they want
and advertisers to consumers.
In 2009, we launched several
mobile products with USA TODAY. And PointRoll and USA TODAY continue to work closely, bringing the latest in rich media advertising to the fast-growing mobile market.
Gannett Broadcasting is a major player in the emerging Mobile DTV technology which extends the reach of local broadcast sites by making local, digital TV portable.
Multiple Platform Delivery
One thing that sets Gannett apart is the breadth of our portfolio and the innovative ways advertisers can reach and engage their target audiences and customers.
We created a unique campaign for the National Breast Cancer Foundation that tapped all of our platforms to help NBCF raise awareness of early detection. The cam- paign included celebrity messages on our television stations, pink local newspaper wraps, advertising in USA TODAY and USA WEEKEND, pink-shaded messages on our Captivate elevator screens, online conversations at Moms- LikeMe.com, mobile messages and more. Not only did this help NBCF reach people across the country from one point of contact, it allowed them to truly engage key audiences.
Gannett created the first expandable ad for the iPhone and has built on that success.
 2009 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT 3
 
LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS
 all of U.S. Community Publishing’s advertising production to two production centers, one in Des Moines and the other in Indi- anapolis. Our goal is to maintain high-quality service for advertis- ers while improving our own efficiencies. The centralization of USCP advertising production will be completed by early 2011.
At Newsquest, we took steps to successfully achieve greater efficiencies and right-size our cost structure.
Our Broadcasting division now produces its high end, animated news graphics for the division stations at KUSA-TV in Denver. As a result, all of our stations have access to graphics that used to be available primarily at our larger market stations.
In Detroit, we took a bold and innovative approach to creating greater efficiencies and reduced production and distribution costs in one of the toughest local economies in the U.S. Early in the year, we launched an entirely new publishing model for the Detroit Free Press which includes newspapers for sale every day and home delivery three days a week. Detroit enhanced its E-edition, adding full-year online access to archived newspapers (versus 30 days), access to ShopLocal circulars, and a daily email push. Readers responded very favorably to these changes and average weekly traffic grew from about 2,700 visitors in 2008 to 111,000 in 2009. Paul Anger, the Detroit Free Press’ editor and publisher, was named winner of the 2009 Benjamin C. Bradlee Editor of the Year Award by the National Press Foundation in recognition of this innovative model, along with the newspaper’s Pulitzer-prize winning journalism.
In conjunction with these restructurings, the company took other tactical measures to reduce costs. Among those were salary reduc- tions in our Broadcasting division and furloughs throughout most of the company during the first and second quarters. Those were particularly difficult steps to take, but they enabled us to preserve more jobs during some of our most challenging days last year.
Our operating expenses, excluding special items, were down 13 percent, reflecting initiatives to create efficiencies and fundamen- tally change our business process. Substantially lower newsprint costs also contributed to our lower expenses for the year. Throughout these changes and challenges, we stayed focused
on our strategic priorities, never losing our momentum or focus on meeting consumer expectations and helping business
customers grow their businesses.
This is really an exciting time to be in a consumer-facing indus-
try. The changes in consumer behavior and attitudes toward information, entertainment and social networking are extraordi- nary. It’s no longer a one-way communication with media com- panies pushing information out to the consumer. It’s about choice and engagement: choice in how, where and when consumers get information and how they engage with that information and other people who share their interests or lifestyle. Added to the shifts in consumer behavior are ongoing technological advances that enable people to access information any time, any where while providing new ways for them to engage and connect.
We continued to make content more relevant to our customers and to connect them to the information and communities they care most about, in any form and on any platform they desire.
We now have more than 100 digital communities that reach and engage 26 million people monthly. Our MomsLikeMe.com social networking site is a great example of the loyalty consumers develop with these communities. MomsLikeMe.com, which has 80 local online communities and had 854,000 unique visitors in January 2010, is one of the fastest-growing social media networks for moms and the leading local mom social media site. Through our HighSchoolSports.net and BNQT brands, we provide content and a gathering place for sports enthusiasts and a younger demo- graphic. HighSchoolSports.net offers a home page for every U.S. high school across the country. At the height of football season last year, HighSchoolSports.net reached 2.3 million unique visitors, including teen athletes, parents, coaches and fans.
Our Publishing and Broadcasting divisions continued to engage and reach tens of millions of consumers through our newspapers and television stations, and their related web sites. Our television stations’ web sites had almost 1.3 billion page views in 2009; in U.S. Community Publishing, monthly page views increased by four percent to 7.5 billion page views and visitors rose nine percent. USA TODAY’s new E-edition is garnering an early loyal following. Gannett’s total online Internet audience reached 13 percent of the total Internet audience last year.
Meanwhile, our Broadcasting division successfully completed its transition from analog to digital, providing consumers better
4 2009 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT
 
 “Our commitment to delivering quality content and outstanding journalism stands strong”
                                                     picture and sound quality in high definition in all 19 markets. We continue to find new ways to reach consumers on-the-go.
USA TODAY’s iPhone and Android apps combined had 2.8 million downloads in 2009 and were consistently among the top-rated news apps. USA TODAY’s partnership with Amazon provided con- sumers with another way to access USA TODAY’s award-winning content wherever they are through their Kindle device. Across our 105 U.S. Community Publishing and Broadcasting division sites, consumers continued to access our content through their mobile devices and local site mobile traffic jumped over 150 percent in 2009.
One of Gannett’s strengths and keys to future growth is our ability to connect advertisers with these distinct and attractive audiences – from moms to young professionals to baby boomers – and provide ways for advertisers to leverage the highly relevant and personal content we develop and deliver.
Through our digital portfolio, we expanded the tools we provide marketers to get closer to their customers and better engage with their target audiences.
PointRoll, our digital marketing services business, signed key brands in 2009 and works with more than half of the Fortune 500 brands and their agencies. PointRoll also extended its user-initi- ated rich media advertising further into the mobile environment when it partnered with USA TODAY to create ads designed specifically for the iPhone. Ford used the new technology for its Ford Flex marketing campaign, showcasing its new product and engaging customers through their wireless devices. Ford’s ad campaign, along with Focus Features’ campaign promoting the movie “Burn After Reading,” with trailers and character interviews, were the first expandable iPhone ads featuring multiple videos. PointRoll had a record year leading the industry by delivering more than 110 billion rich media impressions in 2009.
ShopLocal, which enables more than 100 of the nation’s top re- tailers to deliver highly interactive, targeted and localized promo- tions to shoppers through online circulars, display advertising and more, continued to build its distribution network that connects ad- vertisers and consumers online and in-store. ShopLocal ranked as the number one comparison shopping site on Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving, according to comScore. In November alone,
The Power of Community
Thousands of moms (and often dads) gather here each day to talk about everything from parenting to the latest new product they like...or don’t like. From around the corner to across the nation, MomsLikeMe.com is bringing together people who share the same interests.
Cindy Chapman, Twin Cities MomsLikeMe.com site manager and news manager for KARE-TV
in Minneapolis-St. Paul, developed a “special delivery” project for MomsLikeMe.com that drew media attention and visits from around the world.
Marketers like Procter &
Gamble, Unilever, Target and
Post Foods have gathered here
as well to engage with these
consumers, better understand
what’s important to them and gain greater insights to their likes, dislikes and interests.
Advertising Age last year called it “A Website with a pathological level of devotion” and noted,“anyone/any- thing remotely family-oriented – big box retailers like Target, child-friendly vacation destinations like Disney World – should have a commanding presence here.”
Trusted Journalism
Delivering great journalism is a Gannett hallmark. Among the honors: the Detroit Free Press won its ninth Pulitzer Prize and its fourth Emmy; Editor and Publisher Paul Anger was named Editor of the Year by the National Press Foundation. Jerry Mitchell from the Clarion- Ledger in Jackson, MS, was named a MacArthur Fellow.
Free Press staff celebrate the win of the Pulitzer Prize in local reporting. Pictured: Free Press reporters Jim Schaefer, M.L. Elrick, and Editor Paul Anger.
 2009 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT 5
 
LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS
 there were 1.2 billion online circular pages served by ShopLocal. We continue to make dynamic changes in how we approach and support our business customers. We are shifting from trans-
actional advertising to a culture of customer-focused solutions and ideas. It’s no longer about selling a full-page ad or 30-second spot. It’s about partnering with our business customers and really understanding their business and needs. It’s about building our business around the customer’s business. In essence, becoming their marketing agency and developing innovative, integrated and flexible solutions that help marketers reach and engage their target audiences on many different platforms.
One way our U.S. Community Publishing division is approaching this is through its Regional Client Solutions Groups. These groups – which will be built in each of USCP’s four regions – will develop and manage highly creative marketing and advertising campaigns for our customers. They will function like local advertising agen- cies doing everything from strategic planning to creative execu- tion to regional buying. We are testing it now in Nashville, Phoenix and Des Moines. We plan to have these up and running by fourth quarter 2010. Our Broadcasting division, too, is creating integrated television, online and mobile solutions for its clients.
We also are taking a customer-centric approach to developing and selling integrated marketing campaigns through a newly created national, cross divisional sales organization we call CustomerOne Solutions. Through CustomerOne Solutions, we’ll target our national accounts by industry market. With the con- venience of a single point of contact, we will offer customers the full breadth of our portfolio through campaigns that integrate all of our divisions to help our customers reach their customers.
Helping to tie this all together is ContentOne. Creating engag- ing relevant content that consumers want and advertisers need is a key part of our strategy going forward and something Gannett does better than anyone else. Through ContentOne, we are transforming our approach to content – both in terms of how
we gather and present it to consumers to how we package it for advertisers. We are scaling our local content nationally whenever possible. The ContentOne team really did a great job during the year. The content they helped generate, aggregate and share is being used by the majority of our sites. Content sites developed
for the H1N1 flu, healthcare reform, Cash for Clunkers, Black Friday and Cyber Monday generated several million page views. At the same time, ContentOne is creating sales opportunities for these sites. ContentOne is something only Gannett can offer, given
the breadth of our footprint, the depth of our local and national content and the multiplicity of platforms we have.
Our commitment to delivering quality content and outstanding journalism stands strong – a principle that is reflected in what we do everyday. We are all very proud of the widespread industry recognition our people and our work received in 2009, including Detroit’s Pulitzer, USA TODAY’s multiple top honors and the Edward R. Murrow awards earned by KARE-TV in Minneapolis, WGRZ-TV in Buffalo and KSDK-TV in St. Louis. We also give special recognition to Jerry Mitchell at The Clarion-Ledger in Jackson, MS, who was named one of two dozen MacArthur Fellows for his investigative work on civil rights era deaths.
In early 2010, we recognized the many contributions Gracia Martore has made to Gannett and promoted her from chief finan- cial officer to president and chief operating officer. Gracia has truly earned this opportunity and brings not only outstanding financial skills to this role but her extensive knowledge of our business operations and passionate support for our company.
In closing, let me say that I am extremely proud of what our employees accomplished during an unprecedented time. We moved forward, continued innovating and found new ways to meet the many exciting new opportunities for consumers and business customers alike.
As we look to the year ahead, we are stronger and better posi- tioned to grow our business and better serve our customers and the marketplace. I look forward to the work ahead as we continue to build the Gannett of the future.
Craig A. Dubow, Chairman
Chief Executive Officer
   6 2009 GANNETT ANNUAL REPORT
 