LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
For Gannett, 2011 was a year in which we made significant progress across the company to solidify our position as a leading media and marketing solutions company.
From further strengthening our core portfolio and work- ing on the reinvention of local journalism in the digital age to moving into adjacent businesses, we are executing a strategy that enhances relationships with our audiences and expands our marketing services.
While work on each of these fronts is well under way, the process of leveraging our brands and assets, capturing new revenue opportunities and increasing efficiency and optimizing assets is ongoing. We are in a dynamic industry that is reshaping the way people access, process and share information, and opening new opportunities for marketers to reach consumers. Given the value people place on our trusted content and our close relationships with our com- munities and local businesses, Gannett is well positioned to enhance its success in this environment.
In addition to being well positioned in the marketplace, the prudent financial steps we have been taking to guide us through the last few economically challenging years have proven to be the right course of action: Even though the industry continues to face headwinds, Gannett remains financially strong and continues to invest for the future.
While our year-over-year revenue decreased by 4 percent, business activity improved toward the end of 2011. We have an excellent balance sheet and our businesses are generating consistent and substantial free cash flow that most importantly enable Gannett to fund vital growth initiatives, increase capital returned to shareholders and provide substantial financial flexibility.
In fact, the Board of Directors approved on February 21 a 150% increase of Gannett’s quarterly dividend to $0.20 from $0.08 per share.This reflects their confidence in
our current prospects and in the company’s growth and
value-creation strategy. The increased dividend is payable on April 2 to shareholders of record on March 9. The Board also approved our repurchase of $300 million of common stock over the next two years. Together, the increased dividend and new share repurchase program are expected to return about 60 percent of net income to shareholders.
Throughout 2011, we continued to leverage and expand our vast portfolio of unique local, national and interna- tional media properties, and deepen the close relationships we have with our audiences. We are building on a founda- tion that includes iconic national brands like USA TODAY and CareerBuilder, a powerful portfolio of 100-plus top- rated U.S. local broadcast and publishing assets and our numerous U.K. properties. We also continue to aggressively build out our market-leading suite of digital offerings to effectively and efficiently engage consumers across all platforms.
One of Gannett’s core strengths is the vital role we play in each community. The level of integration we have with our communities is unmatched by any media organization and is a distinct, actionable, competitive advantage for Gannett. An excellent example of this advantage is the suc- cess of DealChicken, Gannett’s new daily deals business. DealChicken launched in July after an initial pilot program in Phoenix and at year’s end was live in 57 markets. Unlike other deal sites, it is a distinctive platform that leverages our local community insights and advertising client rela- tionships to deliver unique and meaningful opportunities to the businesses and consumers we serve.
The multi-platform, multimedia framework that is taking shape at Gannett is already opening new avenues of growth, enabling the company to provide an expanding range of customized solutions to marketers on the local and national level. As a measure of our success in this arena, revenues from our digital properties now account for approximately 21 percent of total revenue.
4 - 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

In our business, content remains the key to success. We provide news and information that is differentiated
by its tight alignment with consumers’ interests and pref- erences. Furthermore, we actively adapt this content for use across multiple platforms so that people can access and use our brands wherever, whenever and however they want. Initiatives across our community publishing opera- tions to make our content even more compelling and meaningful to our audiences are already showing results both in terms of new opportunities for marketing clients and circulation figures. For example, efforts to enhance our weekend offerings have resulted in increases in Sunday circulation at more than 20 Gannett papers, which is particularly notable as this day accounts for approximately 45 percent of weekly advertising spend.
Other significant initiatives in 2011 included:
• Building the USA TODAY Sports Media Group, which combines Gannett’s unparalleled local reach with the powerful USA TODAY national sports brand, which
has a total monthly digital reach of almost 16 million unique viewers. Leveraging these existing resources
and selectively adding new capabilities such as the acquisition of a leading martial arts site, MMAjunkie.com, positions Gannett to become one of the country’s leading sports information franchises and an even more attractive partner for marketers seeking to engage an energized and dedicated audience of sports fans. The USA TODAY Sports Media Group recently acquired Fantasy Sports Ventures (FSV)/Big Lead Sports, the largest independent digital sports property in North America. When all FSV assets are ultimately combined with the other properties within the USA TODAY Sports Media Group, we are expected to become one of the top five sports sites on the web based on the most recent comScore metrics.
• Completing successful pilot content subscription trials in three markets in 2011. We are launching the national rollout of a new content subscription model in 2012 that is expected to increase revenue by better reflecting the value consumers place on compelling, high-quality Gannett-generated local content. At the core of this effort has been a re-thinking of, and re-investment in, our content. Our goal is to deliver our strong local and national content seamlessly across multiple platforms – web, mobile, tablet and print.
• Forming Gannett Publishing Services (GPS), which combines production, distribution and consumer sales functions in a new, integrated division that centralizes resources for greater efficiency and opens new revenue- generation opportunities in third-party production, printing and packaging services. In 2012, its first full year of operation, GPS is projected to increase operat- ing profit by $40 million, with an even greater annual impact in subsequent years.
• Expanding our successful Gannett Client Solutions teams, which provide marketing consulting services to our local advertising clients. The five regional teams currently in place collaborate with local management to deliver sophisticated, tailored solutions to our clients, leveraging the depth of Gannett’s platforms and capa- bilities. Fulfilling needs ranging from campaign design, mobile app development and social media management to database analysis, the work of the client solutions teams are just one example of how our proprietary connections to and understanding of the communities we serve translates to real, differentiated value for our advertising clients. Our solutions approach is showing great promise with client engagements valued at more than $30 million under way or in the pipeline.
2011 ANNUAL REPORT - 5

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Providing quality journalism is a top priority
for us, and Gannett media organizations were
once again recognized with a number of presti-
gious awards, including five Edward R. Murrow
awards honoring outstanding achievement in
electronic journalism, as well as top awards for
general reporting, financial and investigative
journalism. In keeping with our commitment to
advocacy in the communities we serve, Gannett reporters and editors also received numerous honors for coverage of many issues of importance to our audiences.
Gannett also was recognized by the International Newsmedia Marketing Association, which cited 10 Gannett media organizations for their work in digital engagement, advertising, marketing solutions, print subscription sales and community service. Four of the organizations, The Arizona Republic, Cincinnati Enquirer, Springfield (MO) News-Leader, and USA TODAY, earned first-place recogni- tion in the international competition.
Before closing, we would like to acknowledge the many contributions of former Gannett Chairman and Chief Exec- utive Officer Craig Dubow, who retired in October of 2011.
Throughout his career Craig proved time and again to be a visionary leader who drove Gan- nett forward. He understood and nurtured the relationships with our customers and business partners that are the foundation of the com- pany. He grasped both the threats and opportu- nities inherent in the digital era and positioned Gannett to be a winner in this environment.
Our company is fortunate to be driven by a clear sense of purpose universally shared across the organization. Promoting the greater good of the nation and the communi- ties we serve informs and energizes our work. It sets us apart, and we are proud of the dedication of a remarkable team of some 31,000 employees whose efforts are keeping Gannett an important part of the daily lives of millions of consumers. We invite you to learn more about Gannett and the work we do by visiting www.gannett.com.
We enter 2012 well along the path to becoming the media and marketing solutions leader we envision for Gannett’s future. The company is strong, we are deter- mined to deliver increased value to our shareholders, and we are confident in the future.
Marjorie Magner, Chairman of the Board
Gracia Martore, President and
Chief Executive Officer
            6 - 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
