           LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
                            Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2013: A WATERSHED YEAR
2013 was a watershed year for Gannett – a turning point in our
107 year history, and a year in which we took several steps toward permanently changing the com- position of the Gannett portfolio. From our acquisition of Belo Corp. and the expansion of our digital marketing services business, to the growing success of our All Access Content Subscription Model and the introduction of USA TODAY content into our U.S. Community Publishing media operations, we have fundamentally changed how we interact with our audiences and our advertisers. This has enabled us to compete more effectively in the constantly-evolving – but decidedly more digital – media landscape.
While continuing to stay true to our purpose, which is to serve the greater good of our nation and the communities we serve, we raised the bar on operational excellence, and at the same time, kept a laser-sharp
focus on the successful execution of the
strategic initiatives and investments we launched in early 2012.
An amazing year of accomplish- ments reflect our employees’ out- standing efforts. We’ve made huge strides in stabilizing our publishing business and built out innovative new digital offerings that better meet the needs of our business customers and consumers. In addition, as a result of our acquisition of Belo, we have solidified our position as THE largest local media company in the U.S., employing the greatest number of journalists with deep roots in
112 communities nationwide. We are very pleased with our
overall 2013 results, despite some challenging comparisons to 2012.
Total operating revenues for
the full year were $5.16 billion, a decline of 3.6 percent compared
to 2012, which was primarily due
to the relative absence of a record $150 million in political advertising and $37 million associated with the Summer Olympic Games generated during 2012 and an extra week.
Excluding the net impact of both Olympic and 2012 political spending – overall company revenues for 2013 were actually up compared to 2012 on a comparable week basis.
Operating expenses in 2013 on
a non-GAAP basis were 2 percent lower reflecting continued efficiency efforts. Operating cash flow totaled $1.04 billion in 2013. On a non-GAAP basis, operating income in 2013
was $855.4 million and net income attributable to Gannett totaled $473.4 million. Earnings per diluted share on the same basis were $2.02.
Our many different efforts to strategically reshape our company are being noticed. Our total share- holder return has substantially outpaced the S&P 500 over the past two years. In fact, Gannett’s total shareholder return was 70% in 2013 vs. 32% for the S&P 500. And since the beginning of 2012, Gannett’s total shareholder return was 140% vs. 54% for the S&P 500. In 2013, we returned $183 million directly to you as dividends. We also repurchased 4.9 million shares for $117 million as we believe Gannett continues to be a great investment.
Many of the transformational initiatives we launched in 2012 gained significant traction through- out the year, demonstrating terrific consumer and business customer appeal. But even more important- ly, this progress confirms that our strategy to leverage our deep local connections and strong trusted
                                                                       ANNUAL 2 REPORT

                                            brands for success in the digital age is working.
The rationale behind the develop- ment of our All Access Content Subscription Model was to better align our publishing offerings with changing media consumption habits and preferences among our audienc- es. Media consumption has changed a great deal in just the last few years, and we have no doubt that it will continue to evolve in the foreseeable future. We are positioning Gannett
to seize the many opportunities presented to us by new technologies and shifting consumer trends.
Changes in the U.K. media landscape are largely in line with
the shifts we are seeing in the U.S. – although there are some nuances. To gain a better understanding of how we can best reposition our publications for our U.K. audiences, during the year we completed a set of research and piloting initiatives. The response was overwhelming: Readers valued engaging content – so much so that they were willing to pay more to ensure they receive the freshest, most useful content available on the market.
DEEPENING COMMUNITY ROOTS AS WE GROW
Beyond the tangible financial ben- efits associated with our All Access
Content Subscription Model, this new way of interacting with our audiences has given us a more complete understanding of what today’s audiences value most. These insights are of tremendous value, and will serve as a springboard for the development of new and inno- vative offerings that provide our au- diences with enhanced content and will ensure that we remain in step with the changing needs and prefer- ences of our readers and advertisers.
One example of how we are lever- aging these newly uncovered inroads to our audiences is an exciting new program that we piloted in four
local publishing markets starting in
 ANNUAL 3 REPORT
U.S. Community
Publishing and USA TODAY
have partnered to launch an innovative
content model that will add USA TODAY content
inside local U.S. Community Publishing news products in
our top 35 markets in the first quarter of 2014.
The effort takes advantage of Gannett’s unique ability to generate and distribute national content that our readers desire, while enhancing our ever-important local hometown coverage that is essential to their daily lives.
U.S. COMMUNITY PUBLISHING AND USA TODAY TOGETHER
We are creating stronger, higher-value local products and extending the reach of our great national USA TODAY brand. On average, the partnership is expected to add as many as 70 pages of content per week in these markets’ print editions and e-Editions.
This flexibility is something that sets Gannett apart from its
peers and will ensure that we continue to provide all of our audiences with the highest quality and most useful
content via the platform or medium of
their choice.

                             October 2013 and that we are rolling out to our top 35 publishing markets in the first quarter of 2014.
With this new program, U.S. Community Publishing operations are enhancing their ever-important hometown coverage while including a new section in the print editions and e-Editions featuring the best of USA TODAY’s News, Money and Life sections. USA TODAY Sports news is included in the local sports sections and on Sundays, a USA TODAY Life section complements the local feature coverage.
This enables us to leverage our unparalleled national content and scale it locally. Likewise, we can also scale local content nationally – break- ing news covered in any of our local
Publishing or Broadcast communi- ties can be used wherever there is a demand for it across our vast network.
Readers tell us that the addition of content from the nation’s No. 1 newspaper delivers terrific subscrib- er value, and it means that reporters and editors in our local publishing markets have more time to focus
on delivering more of what they do so well – deep, high-quality, local coverage.
The new program, which has been enthusiastically embraced by our subscribers and advertisers, and by our reporters and editors, provides local consumers with a significantly enhanced news product, and is a per- fect example of what differentiates us from other media companies.
USA TODAY: THE NUMBER ONE DAILY NEWSPAPER IN THE U.S.
This past October, USA TODAY regained its position as the No. 1 newspaper in total daily circulation in the U.S. for the first time since 2009, according to the Alliance
for Audited Media (AAM).Total USA TODAY daily circulation grew to 2,862,229 for the period ending September 30, 2013. Total circulation figures include daily print, mobile and tablet usage
as well as the e-Edition of the newspaper.
This milestone was the result
of continued digital growth at our flagship national newspaper, which has become part of the very fabric of American life in its 31 years of existence.Total digital non-replica circulation of 1,484,078, includes users of the USA TODAY tablet
and mobile phone apps, as well
as increased use of The Point –
USA TODAY’s growing digital solution for travelers. The upward trajectory of USA TODAY’s digital growth matches the shift in habits of consumers wanting their news on-the-go and reinforces the fact that Gannett’s strategy to seize the opportunities born out of the chang- ing media landscape is succeeding.
 ANNUAL 4 REPORT
Gannett’s
local sites – whether publishing
or broadcast – already have great brand recognition at the local level with consumers and advertisers and deep, rich, trusted relationships with tens of thousands of businesses. G/O Digital, our digital marketing services group, continues to build upon those relationships and expand its footprint across the country.
G/O DIGITAL ANSWERS MARKET NEEDS FOR DIGITAL SOLUTIONS
It has the unique ability to get results through an integrated suite of local and national digital solutions that include everything from daily deals, SEO, and social media marketing to mobile consumer loyalty programs. In fact, G/O Digital was
named to Google AdwordsTM Premier SMB Partner program, a select program offered to a
small number of Google partners worldwide.

                                                                             G/O DIGITAL SERVES CONSTANTLY EVOLVING MARKETING NEEDS Sharing our rich content across multiple platforms and businesses is just one area in which Gannett has differentiated itself. We are also making major investments in our digital marketing services business, which we recently rebranded as G/O Digital. Our G/O Digital teams successfully work with clients to develop and execute customized multifaceted programs to solve their unique and continually evolving digital marketing needs in a way that is unparalleled in the market- place. It comprises our full suite
of digital marketing solutions such as multichannel marketing services, loyalty programs, social media marketing and daily deals, and puts them to work in an integrated com- plementary way to transform local marketing and connect advertisers with local consumers.
TRANSFORMATIVE BELO ACQUISITION MEANINGFULLY ACCELERATES OUR STRATEGY Gannett’s acquisition of Belo, which closed on December 23, 2013, creat- ed the largest independent station group of major network affiliates in the top 25 markets – a true
Broadcast Super Group. It nearly doubled our Broadcast portfolio.
An overarching component of our ongoing transformation strategy is diversification – which Belo delivered on a number of fronts:
• Financial Diversification –
Our combination with Belo shifts our business mix mean- ingfully; today, Broadcast – with strong margins historically –
is projected to contribute more than half of total company EBITDA in 2014.
• Geographic Diversification – Belo added top performing stations in 12 new markets
– many of which are in high- growth geographic regions like Texas and the Pacific Northwest.
• Network Diversification –
The addition of Belo’s stations catapults Gannett to the #1 CBS affiliate group, #4 ABC affiliate group, and widens our lead as the #1 NBC affiliate group, excluding owner-operators.
DIGITAL AND SOCIAL MEDIA
ARE MAKING LOCAL
MORE RELEVANT THAN EVER While much was accomplished in 2013 across all of our business segments, a common thread runs
through each of these initiatives:
an emphasis on local. G/O Digital enables advertisers – particularly small and medium-sized businesses – to extend their reach and connect with local consumers across multiple platforms, including social media. And our U.S. Community Publishing – USA TODAY partnership ensures that our readers get the most in-depth local reporting possible, in addition to the national news that keeps them on top of what’s happening outside of their hometowns.
Our focus on all things local is by design, and is another key component of our overall strategy. People from all walks of life are looking for ways to manage and effectively prioritize an ever-grow- ing volume of digital news and information. This has resulted in a significantly increased emphasis on hyper-local solutions.
Local media connects people with their communities by providing them with the highly relevant information that is critical to their day-to-day lives – information that they will not find with larger media outlets. It also enables advertisers to use the specific makeup and subtle nuances of a given community or demographic category to make
 ANNUAL 5 REPORT

           #1
meaningful, relevant connections that can go a long way toward strengthening awareness of and interest in their businesses.
We tailored the investments we made this year – and those we are planning for the future – toward the heart of these consumer patterns, and we are already seeing positive impact to our top and bottom line.
2014 AND BEYOND
We are pleased with the remarkable progress we have made since we first announced our transformation strategy in early 2012. Our strategy is built on the unique strengths that set Gannett apart from other media companies: our hometown advan- tage, our brand advantage, and our commitment to sound financial stewardship that provides us with the flexibility to pursue promising new opportunities while continually delivering attractive value to our shareholders.
As we embark on our 108th year in business, there are many reasons to be optimistic about what lies ahead for Gannett.
• The integration of Belo is well
underway, and the addition of
its stations nearly doubles our scale and shifts our business mix toward higher-growth, higher margin revenue sources.
• We were extremely well positioned to benefit from the increased advertising demand associated with the Winter Olympics and are poised to see significant advertising sales related to 2014 political elections.
• But most importantly, we have reshaped our business mix and transformed the way in which we serve and interact with our consumers and advertisers to stay in step with the changes we have seen – and anticipate that we will see – in the evolving media landscape.
As we continue to adapt to the changing world around us, we remain passionate about helping to keep America’s communities strong through our community leadership, such as spearheading local food drives and the nationwide Make A Difference Day, and through our deep commitment to journalistic integrity and excellence. Millions
of consumers rely on us for the news and information vital to their daily lives and tens of thousands of advertisers count on our services
to support their businesses. We are incredibly proud to play that role.
It is something that we intend to
do for decades to come, and we are confident that – with your continued support – we will succeed.
Marjorie Magner,
Chairman of the Board
Gracia Martore,
President and Chief Executive Officer
                                       ANNUAL 6 REPORT
