                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          To Our Shareholders,
2004 represented a year of strategic continuity and financial consistency for Target Stores as well as a year of resolve and transformation for the overall Corporation. Our decisions and actions during the year underscored our commitment to be best for our guests, our team members, our communities and our shareholders and they reflected our confidence in Target’s potential for substantial future growth.
  Highlights from 2004 included:
• ThesaleofbothourMervyn’sandourMarshallField’s business units for aggregate pretax cash proceeds of approximately $4.9 billion,
• OurBoard’sauthorizationofa$3billionsharerepur- chase program, which we expect to complete within a 2 to 3 year time horizon,
• OurintroductionofanewTargetstoreprototypethat enhances our guests’ shopping experience and high- lights our store’s design evolution and innovation,
• DisciplinedexecutionandintegrationofTarget’sstrat- egy within both our retail and credit card operations that fostered greater merchandise differentiation, a
more compelling value offering, increased guest loyalty and a growing frequency in guest visits, and
• Continuedmarketsharegainsandanincreaseofmore than 17 percent, to $2.07, in earnings per share from continuing operations.
As we move forward, our vision for Target remains clear and unwavering. Our record of performance is strong and our energy and resources are devoted to replicating the unique Target-brand experience that is preferred by our guests. We are optimistic that our efforts will enable us to sustain our competitive advantage and yield additional opportunities for profitable growth for many years.
 1

 At the heart of our strategy is our commitment to delight our guests by consistently delivering the right combination of innovation, design and value in our merchandising, in our marketing, and in our stores. This is the essence of our “Expect More. Pay Less.” brand promise.
• Within merchandising, this promise compels us to expand our selection of competitively-priced con- sumables and commodities and to maintain our emphasis on the internal product design, development and sourcing activities that generate quality, trend- right merchandise in all of our fashion categories. In 2004, this focus inspired a broader assortment of food throughout the chain, more rapid growth in our number of pharmacies, additional investment in our global sourcing capabilities and the introduction of new design partnerships and brands such as Boots cosmetics, Apple iPod, and Simply Shabby Chic.
• Ourinnovativemarketingcampaignsexciteourguests with their engaging and distinctive style, their energy and their sense of surprise. Whether print or broad- cast advertising — such as “Eat Well. Pay Less.” and “Design for All”, promotional events — such as “Deliver the Shiver” or programs that strengthen our commu- nities — such as “Ready. Sit. Read!” and Target House, our marketing captures and conveys the true spirit of Target’s brand.
• And,topreservethevitalityofourbrandwithinTarget stores, we maintain uncompromising standards of housekeeping, manage our inventory carefully to ensure in-stock reliability, and offer fast, friendly service. In addition, we have recently intensified our focus on speed within our stores — installing Guest Call Buttons to facilitate requests for assistance, implementing enhanced cashier training and improvements at checkout to complete transactions more quickly, and investing in sourcing and supply chain capabilities to reduce merchandise lead times and speed product to our shelves. We also steadfastly adhere to a com- prehensive remodel program for existing stores and continue to improve our store format every few years by incorporating innovative, new design features that add to the convenience and pleasure our guests’ experience while shopping at Target. Our newest iteration, P2004, which served as the prototype for all renovated and newly constructed general merchandise
stores in 2004, has been warmly embraced by our guests and underpins our optimism about Target’s future store expansion.
Furthermore, our positive outlook for Target reflects our belief that incremental opportunities for profitable growth in the United States remain plentiful. This viewpoint is strengthened by our disciplined site selection process, our success in operating a variety of store formats including freestanding stores as well as mall-based and multi-level locations, and the potential for additional real estate availability resulting from consolidation within the retail industry.
In 2004, Target added 65 net new general merchan- dise stores and 18 new SuperTarget stores, representing net new growth in square footage of 8.2 percent. Barring a substantial real estate acquisition, our 2005 plans for Target envision a similar rate of expansion. While we have sufficient capital capacity to grow more rapidly, we believe that a disciplined program is the best way for us to preserve both our brand integrity and our expected financial returns. As a result, we expect to operate about 2000 stores by the end of the decade, an increase in store count of approximately 50 percent, and we expect to continue to enjoy meaningful gains in market share, reflecting both new store growth and increased sales productivity in existing stores. In light of this opportunity, our current appetite for expansion outside of the U.S. remains tempered, and our efforts within the U.S. remain keenly focused on replicating the brand and financial attributes of our strategy that have contributed to our historical success.
Sustaining our advantage requires a dedication to great design, innovation and continuous improvement. In order for our brand to remain strong, it must stay fresh and appealing to our guests. Consequently, we contin- ually expect more of ourselves and fervently pursue opportunities that promote superior merchandise design, enhance value and selection, increase speed and fuel greater efficiency. For example, in 2004, we significantly expanded our offering on Target.com to complement the merchandise assortment available in our stores. We continued to improve our portfolio of unique and profitable financial services products, including Target REDcards and seasonally-appropriate gift cards, to engender greater loyalty and provide rewards that stimulate
 2

 2004
Market Share Growth
Target's overall market
share in 2004 was 9%.
With just over 1300 stores in the continental United States, we believe that Target has ample opportunity for profitable growth for many years. We expect to continue to enjoy meaningful gains in market share, reflecting both new store growth and increased sales productivity in existing stores.
10%+ Market Share 7.5%–9.9% Market Share 5.0%–7.4% Market Share 2.5%–4.9% Market Share 0.0%–2.4% Market Share
                                                                                                             increased shopping frequency and higher average spending per visit. And, we reinforced our commitment to balance merchandise differentiation and value with the launch of The 1 Spot, an irresistible, ever-changing assortment of quality, gift-oriented items that are each priced at one dollar.
Our efforts and commitment to remain relevant are unrelenting. In 2005, we will again delight our guests with new fashion and exclusive offerings, novel market- ing campaigns, the exceptional value that derives from our investments in technology and supply chain, our emphasis on capturing organizational synergies and the power of our growing scale.
We will also continue to build upon our record of corporate responsibility and strive to make a positive difference in the communities we serve. Spanning nearly six decades, our tradition of charitable contributions and team member volunteerism in support of national and local non-profit organizations is deeply rooted. Through our funding of education, the arts, social services and other vital partnerships, we are firmly committed to strengthening the communities where we operate and believe our outreach is integral to our continuing success. We also fully understand and appreciate our company’s heritage of strong corporate governance — including
disciplined management of company resources, board independence, strict ethical practices and consistent financial disclosure — and we remain dedicated to upholding these principles in our pursuit of delivering greater shareholder value. Today, Target enjoys a coherent strategy, a clearly-defined brand, and a solid record of financial results. With our 2004 divestitures of Mervyn’s and Marshall Field’s, we are poised to build on this per- formance and believe we are well-positioned to generate profitable growth for many years.
Sincerely,
Bob Ulrich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Board of Directors Change Recently, Roger Enrico, retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo, and Bill George, former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Medtronic, retired from our board of directors. We thank both Roger and Bill for
their many years of service and expertise and thank Roger for his contributions as Vice Chairman of the Executive Committee
during the past three years.
  3
