   To Our Shareholders,
As it has for more than a decade, “Expect More. Pay Less.” continues to define our promise to Target guests and serve as the cornerstone of our brand. In 2006, it remained a central tenet of our strategy, underscoring our commitment to offer innovative design and everyday essentials at exceptional value, sustaining our advantage in a highly competitive environment, and providing the compass for our continued profitable growth.
  Specifically, during the past year:
• We introduced new merchandise initiatives, such as GO International, and transformed existing categories, such as Bath and Beauty, to surprise and delight our guests with unexpected quality, freshness and affordability;
• We expanded our selection of food in Target general merchandise stores and increased our assortment of owned brand items, natural and organic products and meal solutions throughout the chain to provide greater convenience;
• We continued to build profitable new stores, constructing 113 in 36 states, to create more opportunities for our guests to enjoy a Target brand shopping experience;
• We continued to invest strategically in technology and infrastructure, including new distribution facilities, enhanced global sourcing capabilities, and our growing overseas technology and business services operation, to support our disciplined pace of growth and increase our productivity;
• We remained focused on leveraging the benefits of our highly integrated, multichannel strategy, which combines our retail stores, our online business and our credit card operations, to
give our guests more reasons to shop at Target more often and spend more on each visit;
• We continued to embrace a workplace that recognizes and rewards team members for their contributions, and continued to strengthen our partnerships with our communities and our vendors;
• And, we created substantial value for our shareholders by generating earnings per share of $3.21, representing an annual increase of 18.5 percent and perpetuating our consistent record of profitable growth.
We are proud of our achievements and pleased with our performance in the past year, yet as we look forward to 2007 and beyond, we know that our continued success depends on our ability to demand more of ourselves. As a result, we are committed to continuous improvement — to being faster and more reliable, being more innovative and efficient, and being more focused on consistently delivering a shopping experience that delights and surprises our guests. We understand the magnitude of this challenge and believe that we are well positioned to continue fulfilling our promise to our guests, our team, our communities and our shareholders for many years to come.
2

Delivering a merchandise assortment that is distinctive, exclusive and unexpected in its design and value is a key focus in our effort to connect with our guests and differentiate Target from our competitors. We continue to introduce unique specialty brands, expand our premium owned and licensed brands, and offer a carefully edited assortment of trusted national brands. For example, in 2007 we are launching Proenza Schouler as the next GO International collection in women’s apparel, and based on our success with Rafe for Target handbags, we are extending this concept to women’s accessories. In both Bath and Beauty and in Toys, we continue to develop and refine our assortments of exclusive European brands that were introduced at Target in 2006, and in consumer electronics, we are dramatically improving our presentation and selection of nationally branded flat-panel televisions.
To ensure that we have the right combination of merchandise to delight our guests, we balance the excitement of our signature brands with the convenience of our everyday essentials. In particular, we continue to enhance our offerings of food and basic household commodities and improve our ease of shopping for pharmacy and over-the-counter medications through new store growth, greatly expanded assortments and innovative product introductions. By strengthening our commitment to our selection, competitive pricing and in-stock reliability in key replenishable categories, we position Target as the preferred shopping destination for all our guests’ needs and wants.
We also aim to capture the essence of our “Expect More. Pay Less.” brand promise in every Target and SuperTarget store, in every Target.com transaction and in every financial services relationship. In our stores, we strive to convey the spirit of our brand in each store’s design and aesthetics, in our friendly service and fast checkout, and even in the fresh look of our new shopping cart, which we plan to introduce this year. At Target.com, our brand is evident in our site’s ease of navigation, broad range of features and services, and our extensive selection of quality, affordable merchandise. And, within Target Financial Services, we reinforce our brand through the convenience and rewards provided by our REDcard products, and the element of wonder and surprise infused in our wide array of innovative GiftCards.
In short, by continuing to deliver the right balance of fashion and value and by creating an intuitive shopping environment that emphasizes convenience and conveys a sense of fun and discovery, we provide our guests with the excitement they expect and the Target experience they love.
Because of the continuity of our strategy and consistency of its execution over time, we remain optimistic about our ability to continue to grow profitably, while preserving our brand integrity and maintaining our expected financial returns. Specifically, our growth plans envision adding about 100 net new stores in the United States annually for the foreseeable future, potentially doubling our current store base over the next 15 years.
To achieve this planned pace of growth and support the unique demands of our branded strategy, we strive to attract and retain a diverse team of highly motivated and talented individuals. We believe that creating a desirable and rewarding workplace reinforces our brand, strengthens our organization and helps Target sustain its advantage in an extremely competitive environment. In addition, we continue to embrace and extend our unbroken decades-long record of community support, including both substantial team member volunteerism and financial contributions. Our involvement, which focuses on programs that inspire education and learning, build safer and healthier communities, and increase access to the arts, now totals more than $3 million each week.
For more than a decade, we have been guided by our brand promise to our guests — to “Expect More. Pay Less.”— and this approach has produced outstanding results. Over the past 10 years, Target has generated a total annualized return to shareholders of nearly 22 percent, well above the S&P 500 and nearly all of our large retail competitors. We are extremely proud of our performance and believe that it underscores the power of our strategy and its execution. As we look to the future, we remain confident in our direction and believe that Target is well positioned to build on our past success and generate profitable market share growth for many years to come.
Sincerely,
Bob Ulrich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Board of Directors Change
During the past year, we welcomed Gregg Steinhafel, President of Target, to our board.
  3
