 to our shareholders
 Target Corporation 4
Acknowledging the strength of the
Target brand and the future growth
opportunities of our largest retail division, we
recently changed our name to Target Corporation. Our
new name recognizes that the Target division, today,
comprises more than 75 percent of the company’s sales and
profits, and that this contribution will continue to increase over time as we further expand our store base. Our new name also reflects our continuing commitment to leverage our resources for the benefit of the total corporation, and as a result, to improve our overall financial results and create substantial value for our shareholders.
Our performance in 1999 was driven by superior results at our Target division. Revenues for the segment increased 13 percent to $26 billion and pre-tax profit grew 28 percent to over $2 billion, establishing a new milestone in Target’s history. In addition, Target’s pre-tax profit as a percent of revenues equaled the reported profit margin at Wal*Mart’s domestic discount/supercenter division for the year, eliminating a significant differential that existed in prior years. These outstanding results at Target in 1999, combined with record sales and profits at our Department Stores, produced our fourth consecutive year of earnings per share growth in excess of 20 percent.
We are very pleased with our performance in the past year and we are excited about the opportunities for profitable growth in 2000 and beyond. As we look forward, we remain confident that Target Corporation can continue to deliver average annual earnings per share growth of 15 percent or more over time.
New Store Growth With less than 1,000 stores in the U.S. today, Target’s opportunities for domes- tic new store growth remain plentiful. During 1999, Target added a total of 74 new stores, increasing square footage by 9 percent. We continued to focus our efforts on markets in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic, devoting nearly 40 percent of our new store openings to this region.

    Importantly, by becoming more flexible in our site selection and store design without compromising the Target brand, we continue to have success in penetrating these markets despite difficult real estate challenges. In 1999, we entered two new markets, Boston and Pittsburgh, and in 2000, we will enter two new states, Connecticut and West Virginia, bringing the
number of states in which we operate to 46.
Our store expansion in 2000 will also include a significant acceleration of SuperTarget store openings, reflecting our increased confidence in the sales and profit potential of this concept. We will essentially double our number of SuperTarget stores during the year, adding 15 new locations, primarily in the Midwest and South. About half of these stores will be relocations of existing discount stores, giving us the ability to capture greater market share in key metropolitan areas. With plans for at least 200 SuperTarget locations within the next ten years, we believe this strategy will generate profitable growth for many years to come.
Other Growth Opportunities At the core of Target’s future growth and financial success is our differentiated merchandise strategy—with an emphasis on quality and original design, unique product, impactful presentation and value pricing. During the past year, we strengthened our merchandise assort- ment with the addition of new brands such as Calphalon, Stiffel, Discovery Channel toys and designs by Michael Graves and Robert Abbey. In 2000, we will continue to create excitement for our guests with new initiatives. Examples include an expanded offering of Michael Graves housewares and a new assort- ment of electronics; the introduction of Martex bed and bath collections; exclusive new lines of sporting goods equipment and accessories; and the expansion of our Archer Farms brand of premier food. Each of these efforts reinforces and enhances Target’s brand image in the marketplace and contributes to our financial strength.
Credit is also an important contributor to our overall earnings growth. During the past five years, contribution from credit has increased at a compound annual rate of 17 percent, and both return on investment and EVA have risen sharply. While we continue to invest in credit programs at all three of our segments, the Target Guest Card is the primary driver of growth for this business. In 2000, we will continue to increase our card penetration, enhance our guest loyalty programs and leverage our credit operation to sustain our profitable growth.
5 Target Corporation
 Bob Ulrich,
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer

   Target Corporation 6
In 1999, Target Corporation devoted greater resources to developing web-based strategies, reflecting our belief that the Internet and e-commerce are vital to our future. In our view, the Internet provides an important tool for communicating with our guests as well as a new distribution channel for our merchandise. Through our new business unit called target.direct, we are focused on leveraging our strengths as a well-known and trusted retailer to increase guest service and generate profitable sales. We believe our powerful marketing, our differentiated merchandise and more than 1,200 convenient store locations give us a competitive advantage in the on-line world. In 2000, we will continue to make the necessary investments in this business to attract experienced and talented team members, to improve our technology and fulfillment capability, and to provide our guests with appropriate services and merchandise selection.
Though our name has changed to reflect the growth and importance of Target, we remain committed to Dayton’s, Marshall Field’s, Hudson’s and Mervyn’s. During the past five years, Target Corporation has averaged a total return to shareholders on an annualized basis of 43 percent. During this same period, both Mervyn’s and our Department Stores were key contributors to our overall strategy and financial per- formance. In 1999 alone, their combined net pre-tax cash flow again exceeded a half billion dollars. We believe that these two segments will continue to create value for Target Corporation in the years ahead.
We are excited about the future for Target Corporation and believe that we are well-positioned to build on our past performance. As we look forward, we remain confident that we will continue to deliver strong growth in sales and earnings and achieve our objective of generating at least 15 percent average annual earnings per share growth over time.
March 24, 2000
Bob Ulrich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  