  To Our Shareholders,
Target produced another year of outstanding results in 2005. By remaining focused on consistent execution of our strategy, we delighted our guests, enhanced our brand, and achieved record financial performance.
 • We maintained our company-wide emphasis on creativity and innovation and strengthened our commitment to deliver great design at affordable prices.
• We expanded our food assortment within our general merchandise and SuperTarget stores to provide greater guest convenience and drive increased shopping frequency.
• We continued to add profitable new store locations at a disciplined pace, and invested in technology and infrastructure to improve our operating efficiency, speed and reliability.
• Wegainedconsiderablemarketsharethroughcontributions from new stores and strong growth in comparable-store sales, and surpassed $50 billion in annual sales.
• And, we generated a 31 percent increase in earnings per share from continuing operations, reflecting substantial contributions from both our retail and credit card operations.
We are proud of what we achieved in 2005, and we are dedicated to building on this performance by using our accomplishments as inspiration for new ideas and innovations that will improve the lives of our guests, team members, and communities and reward our shareholders for years to come.
We believe this focus on newness and innovation is essential for us to continue to grow and remain relevant to our guests over time. Our commitment to offering great design and exceptional value helps us delight our guests and deliver on our “Expect More. Pay Less.” brand promise. We work diligently to offer trusted national brands, exclusive designer collections, premium owned and licensed brands, and product innovations, and we are unwavering in our commitment to deliver the convenience and low prices that are central to our discount store heritage. We continue to invest in disciplined processes, sophisticated systems and the internal expertise necessary to design, develop and source high-quality, trend- right fashion merchandise, while also increasing our mix of competitively-priced consumables and commodities through
2

more rapid growth of SuperTarget stores and an expanded food offering in our general merchandise stores. The result of these efforts in 2005 was the debut of new collections such as Fieldcrest and Thomas O’Brien, the launch of ClearRx and the introduction of new owned brands including Choxie gourmet chocolates and TruTech electronics. In 2006, we remain focused on delivering both differentiation and value through new initiatives which include GO International, Smith & Hawken, Time to Play, as well as significant category reinventions in beauty and intimate apparel.
Our commitment to innovation and superior design also extends to our stores. As with our merchandising, we strive to balance form and function in creating a store environment that is both aesthetically pleasing and easy to shop. While our format evolves slightly each year as we identify improvements in presentation, signing and adjacencies, we consolidate these opportunities and incorporate more dramatic changes every few years through the development of a new prototype store design. Our current prototype, P2004, has produced positive results both for our guests and for Target, and to date, we have incorporated key features of this design into nearly half of our store base. We expect to increase this penetration to approximately two-thirds of our stores by year-end 2006 through the completion of new construction, comprehensive remodels and ongoing efforts to upgrade existing stores.
We remain optimistic about our opportunities for growth in the United States. As we add to our store base, we continue to believe that our disciplined, carefully planned expansion program is the best way for us to preserve both our brand integrity and our expected financial returns. As a result, our 2006 plans envision a net increase in new Target square footage of about 8 percent, similar to our growth in 2005.
To sustain this growth over time and continue to replicate the Target brand, we are equally committed to providing a desirable workplace for our team members — just as committed as we are to delighting our guests with exciting merchandise, unexpected marketing, fun-to-shop stores and outstanding service. In particular, we strive to create a workplace in which our 300,000 team members feel respected and valued for their unique talents and perspectives, believe they have opportunity for career advancement and trust that their performance is evaluated and rewarded fairly. We believe this commitment to our team members allows us to continue to attract and retain a diverse team of dedicated, energetic and capable individuals who proudly represent the Target brand. It also ensures that Target has the necessary skill and experience within our organization to support our future growth and remain a leader in the fast-paced and highly-competitive environment in which we operate.
Our commitment to our Target team members extends beyond the workplace to the communities where we all live and work. For the past 60 years, we have supported programs in education, the arts, social services and other vital partnerships that enrich the lives of our guests and team members. Today, our funding of national and local nonprofit organizations totals more than $2 million each week. In addition, many of our team members donate their time and knowledge to programs where they have specific expertise. We feel proud that our efforts can positively affect lives and contribute to the improved health and safety of our local communities. We also believe that by strengthening the markets where we operate, our commitment to ‘giving back’ enhances the long-term performance of Target as well.
Our long-term performance underscores the power of our strategy and its execution. For more than a decade, we have been focused on growing by design — leveraging our design capabilities to deliver affordable, stylish merchandise for our guests, while building new stores at a measured and profitable pace — and this approach has produced outstanding results. By embracing innovation, discipline, integrity and speed throughout our entire organization, Target has generated a total annualized return to shareholders of 25 percent over the past 10 years, well above the S&P 500 and most of our retail competitors. Sustaining a high level of performance requires that we continue to expect more of ourselves; it requires that we strive to become the best by delivering more value, in total, than any other company for our guests, our team members, shareholders and communities.
We are extremely proud of our recent performance—the attainment of more than $50 billion in annual sales and the many accomplishments this milestone represents — and we are excited about the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead. As we look to the future, we believe that Target is well-positioned to build on our past success and generate profitable market share growth for many years to come.
Sincerely,
Bob Ulrich, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Board of Directors Change During the past year, Michele Hooper, Managing Partner and Co-Founder of The Directors’ Council retired from our board of directors. We thank Michele for her many contributions during her fifteen years of service. Also during the past year, we welcomed to our board Mary Minnick, Executive Vice President and President, Marketing, Strategy & Innovation of The Coca-Cola Company.
  3
