To Our
Shareholders
Target turns 50 this year, and, while our 2011 financial results represent a single-year’s achievement, it’s an achievement based on our nearly five decades in business.
Sales reached a new high of $68.5 billion, we set a new record for earnings per share, and our shopping experience clearly resonated with consumers across the country. All year long, our team executed with spirit, discipline and the thoughtful approach to innovation that comes
with a half-century’s perspective. As a result, Target is well positioned to deliver continued profitable growth and meaningful shareholder reward.
In 1962, discount retailing as we know it didn’t exist. Then, Target and our best- known discount-store peers opened for business, responding to growing consumer demand for value and convenience— demands that are still paramount today.
When Target opened, we set out not only
to meet these demands, but to create a different kind of experience. We believed we could offer our guests high-quality, well- designed merchandise at low prices. We believed we could create a comfortable, fun shopping environment that offered
the convenience of self service and a friendly team available to help. We believed we could save guests time by selling a well-curated assortment of groceries and
commodities alongside fashions for their families and homes. And we believed
it was our responsibility to help create strong, healthy, safe communities.
These beliefs continue to guide our business and were evident throughout 2011 in our:
• Differentiated product assortment—at exceptional values—of trusted national brands, quality owned brands and exclusive offerings, including our design collaborations with Missoni and Calypso St. Barth and celebrity partnerships with Shaun White and Gwen Stefani;
• Ambitious store-remodel program, which, combined with new
store openings, brought fresh-
food assortments and our latest merchandising reinventions to more than 400 additional stores in 2011;
• Increased investment in delivering a superior brand experience that allows guests to shop where, when and how they like – and will attract more urban guests in 2012, as we open our new CityTarget stores, and more Canadian guests in 2013;
• Even stronger guest loyalty, evidenced by more frequent visits and increased
spending across categories by guests who saved an additional 5% when they used their Target REDcard;
• Fun and aspirational marketing approach that reflects guests as they are—and as they want to be;
• Continuing legacy of giving and service, including our School Library Makeover program, through which team members revitalized 42 elementary-school libraries around the country;
• And our steadfast commitment to high standards for the way we conduct business and support our team members’ personal, career and financial goals.
Looking ahead, we’ve set ambitious goals of increasing annual sales to $100 billion or more and growing our earnings per share to at least $8 by 2017. As we have since 1962, we’ll achieve our goals by balancing disciplined management with our never-ending quest to deliver what’s new and what’s next for our guests, and by leveraging the energy and talents of our 365,000 team members. With our tremen- dous team and our collective commitment to the principles that have driven our success so far, I’m endlessly optimistic about Target’s next 50 years in business.
Gregg Steinhafel | Chairman, President and CEO, Target
TARGET 2011 ANNUAL REPORT | 1
  