MESSAGE FROM OUR CHAIRMAN AND CEO
Dear Fellow Shareholders: I'm pleased to have the opportunity to provide you with an update on how we are delivering on our strategic and financial goals and positioning Tenet for continued growth in the years ahead. In 2015, we achieved a 17% improvement in Adjusted EBITDA and met or exceeded our Outlook in each quarter of the year. We also generated $405 million in Adjusted Free Cash Flow ­ our strongest performance in more than a decade ­ and expect additional improvement in 2016 and 2017. In our hospital business, we are taking significant steps to sharpen our portfolio and enhance our market leadership positions. In several markets, we formed joint ventures with prominent not-for-profit health systems. With these strategic actions, we are working toward achieving the scale we believe is necessary to succeed in an integrated valuebased delivery system. Our strategy also includes exiting specific markets where we don't believe we have a path to build a scalable position in a way that will enhance value for our shareholders. Outside of our portfolio activities, we are focused on strengthening our existing hospitals and becoming more efficient operators. In 2015, we drove growth in high-acuity, high-margin service lines as we prioritized investment in these areas. Our hospital operators also did a terrific job managing costs, and in 2016, we expect to achieve additional savings through our supply chain and operational efficiency initiatives. Conifer Health Solutions, our healthcare services subsidiary, has continued to solidify its leadership position in the fast-growing revenue cycle management and value-based care services sectors. Conifer expanded its business with existing clients and added prominent new clients in 2015. The company generated solid financial results in line with our expectations. We expect the market for Conifer's services will keep growing as value-based arrangements and financial pressures increase the need for health systems to improve their revenue cycle performance. As these industry trends continue, we are focused on delivering on client expectations and investing in the capabilities needed to maintain leadership in the field. Our most transformative move took place in June, when we joined with Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe to create the nation's largest ambulatory services platform under the United Surgical Partners International (USPI) brand. As a result, we established a new, separately reported ambulatory segment which complements our acute care and Conifer businesses. This transaction was a large step forward in our effort to position Tenet as a leader in the movement toward lower cost, more convenient care settings ­ a strategy we began to develop several years ago with the launch of our outpatient division. We remain excited about USPI's growth prospects given our combined capabilities in short stay surgeries, urgent care, imaging and satellite emergency departments, as well as our strong partner network of 50 health systems and thousands of physicians. We're just now beginning to realize the benefits as our ambulatory segment delivered fourth quarter 2015 results that significantly exceeded our expectations. With our three core businesses in place, we believe we are uniquely positioned in an ever-changing healthcare market to meet the needs of health systems seeking a strategic partner to build their ambulatory or inpatient networks, improve their revenue cycle processes, or enhance their capabilities to offer value-based care. Between our three segments, Tenet is now operating in some form of relationship with many of the nation's leading not-for-profit health systems. Taken as a whole, these customers and partners comprise more than 10% of the US hospital industry. I am pleased with our many enterprise-wide accomplishments in 2015. Our strategy is based on our belief that continued success will come from alignment of our business with the dramatic shifts taking place in healthcare. To that end, we continue to adapt our capital priorities to remain flexible and are allocating resources to the areas we believe will enhance shareholder value creation in this evolving landscape. We intend to use our growing amounts of free cash flow to fund targeted acquisitions in the ambulatory sector, where we see considerable opportunities to enhance our portfolio at attractive economics. We also will invest in company-wide initiatives to drive organic growth in each of our operating segments. Finally, we intend to deploy excess capital in a balanced approach including share repurchases and the retirement of high-cost debt. We believe we can accomplish these objectives and reduce our financial leverage over time, primarily by driving improvements in our operating results. Our success is a reflection of the hard work of our more than 130,000 talented employees in more than forty states and the United Kingdom. I am ever grateful for their dedication toward making Tenet a leader in the healthcare industry. I'm confident we are taking the right steps to position Tenet for the years ahead and that we've entered 2016 with a strong platform for growth. We greatly value your support, and I hope you share in my excitement about our future. Sincerely,

Trevor Fetter Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

