 PROUD PAST, BRIGHT FUTURE
 1
THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP
2011 ANNUAL REPORT
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,
2011 was an important year in our long, proud history.
While it was a very challenging year for us and for the industry as a whole given the unprecedented number of catastrophe events and continuing economic pressures, it also was a year in which we significantly advanced our journey to build a world class property and casualty company.
We began our journey at the end of 2003, setting out with a new strategic focus and intent on rebuilding the strength of our company after a difficult period in our history. Since then, we have completely transformed our organization, creating a much stronger franchise, and, in the process, a much brighter future.
In 2011, we reached some important milestones, enhancing and rounding out the quality and breadth of our product portfolio, improving our position with the best independent agents and brokers in our industry, and positioning each of our businesses for future success. As we begin 2012, our 160th anniversary year, we are well prepared to continue our progress and to capitalize on the unique value proposition and business model we have developed over the last several years.
RESPONDING TO CATASTROPHES AND ECONOMIC CHALLENGES
Around the world, more than 250 natural disasters caused an estimated $107 billion in insured losses during 2011. In the United States, losses mounted in the wake of a record number of tornadoes, devastating winds, destructive hail and winter storms, and the first hurricane to make landfall since 2008. At the same time, earnings were constrained by historically low investment yields, the weak stock market, and the soft property and casualty insurance market.
  
 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
 For the year, we generated modest after-tax segment earnings, even as we experienced the highest level of pre-tax catastrophe losses in our company’s history, at $362 million, adding 10 points to our combined ratio.
In spite of our disappointing bottom line, however, we are pleased that we maintained a strong balance sheet, indicative of our disciplined focus on risk management and our prudent approach to growth. We also are pleased with the continued growth of our book value, which, at year-end, was at its highest point in our 160-year history, at $56.24 per share. And, we are proud that we were able to raise our dividend for the eighth time since 2005, as our confidence in our financial strength and outlook continued to grow.
With the benefit of this solid financial foundation, and with a skilled and responsive claims team, we also delivered on our promises to our agent partners and their customers during the year, helping them recover from their losses as much and as quickly as possible. Along the way, we built even more trust and brand loyalty, which will serve us well as we continue to grow.
MAINTAINING FOCUS ON OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
Over the course of our journey, we have maintained an intense and unwavering focus on building a world class property and casualty company that can generate excellent returns through all phases of the cycle.
With that in mind, we have assembled one of the best teams in the industry, developed a more distinctive product portfolio, enhanced our underwriting and service capabilities, established a national footprint, and created a unique value proposition that enables us to build strong and mutually beneficial distribution partnerships.
We continued to make important progress on all fronts in 2011. In particular, we positioned
 THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP
2
2011 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 PROUD PAST, BRIGHT FUTURE
 3
THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP
2011 ANNUAL REPORT
our company to take advantage of profitable growth opportunities by continuing to enhance and expand our business mix, and by increasing our value and relevance to winning agents and brokers.
EXPANDING AND DIVERSIFYING OUR BUSINESS WITH OUR CHAUCER ACQUISITION
Through our acquisition in July of Chaucer Holdings plc, we achieved an attractive and balanced mix of commercial, specialty, and personal lines, with approximately a third of our business in each, and we advanced our goal to build a company that will generate top-quartile returns.
We are very excited about the addition of Chaucer’s outstanding team and its highly regarded capabilities. The company already has brought great value to our organization:
• Adding a strong underwriting franchise in a number of attractive areas of international specialty lines, with a track record of excellent performance
• Diversifying our book of business and creating greater earnings scale, enabling us to further spread our risks, both geographically and by product line
• Creating access to the Lloyd’s market, its capital-efficient operating model, and additional domestic and international opportunities
In addition, during the second half of 2011, Chaucer delivered pre-tax segment income of $32 million, despite the elevated level of catastrophe activity in its markets. With approximately $1 billion of international business and a talented team, we are confident Chaucer will continue to add meaningful value to our company.
   
 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
 CREATING A DISTINCTIVE PORTFOLIO OF BUSINESSES
In addition to the Chaucer acquisition, we made excellent progress in enhancing our U.S. business portfolio during 2011.
• Growing our specialty businesses, including directors and officers coverage for non- public companies, management and miscellaneous professional liability, and our program business. We have developed a strong market position and a unique operating model that directly serves the best retail agents. We now have a domestic specialty business that generates more than $600 million in net written premiums a year. This business is expanding rapidly, growing by 17 percent in 2011 alone
• Strengthening and expanding our core commercial business, with its distinctive operating model in small commercial, combining a world class technology platform with dedicated professionals in the field, and delivering industry solutions for middle market commercial business. Our core commercial business is positioned as one of the leading national players for small and middle market accounts, with a national network of world class underwriters and service professionals. At year-end, this book of business represented $1.1 billion in net written premiums
• Enhancing our personal lines product portfolio, investing in Hanover Household, a distinctive full-account offering for the desirable customer account segment, and broadening our geographic footprint. Today, we have one of the leading account-oriented personal lines businesses dedicated to independent agents and brokers, with $1.5 billion in business, nearly 70 percent of which is account business
INCREASING MOMENTUM WITH THE BEST INDEPENDENT AGENTS
We have strengthened our unique value proposition through substantial investments in our product and underwriting capabilities, building our team and expanding our footprint.
 THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP
4
2011 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 PROUD PAST, BRIGHT FUTURE
                             1Net written premiums with Chaucer pro forma assuming acquisition of Chaucer at January 1, 2011. Actual net written premiums totaled $3.6 billion.
ACHIEVED BROAD PRODUCT MIX THROUGH PRODUCT INNOVATION
 2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
2011 NET WRITTEN PREMIUMS: $4.1B1 Homeowners 13%
Auto 23% UK Motor 6% Reinsurance 3%
2004 NET WRITTEN PREMIUMS: $2.2B
Commercial Lines 34%
Personal Lines 66%
Middle Market 13%
Small Commercial 13%
U.S. Specialty Lines 15% International Specialty Lines 14%
Core Commercial 31%
Specialty 3%
Homeowners 20% Auto 46%
                          5
THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP
2011 ANNUAL REPORT
Our commitment to appoint fewer agents and extend greater franchise value, deliver innovative products, and provide responsive service through experienced professionals in local markets, has resonated with the best agents in our industry and has created greater momentum for us. For the first time in our history, gross written premiums exceed $4 billion, and $3 billion of that is with our top partners. The depth and quality of our relationships with our partners continues to grow, creating even more opportunities for our partners and for our company.
We are very optimistic about our prospects going forward. The investments we have made throughout our journey have enabled us to greatly strengthen our organization on every dimension. While we expect economic and market pressures to continue to present
   
 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
 challenges, we are better positioned today than ever to capitalize on the growing market disruption and to improve our financial performance.
ACHIEVING ATTRACTIVE RETURNS FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS
While we will continue to invest, now is the time to capitalize on the investments we already have made, to demonstrate the increased earnings power of our improved competitive position, and to deliver strong shareholder returns. Today, we have the portfolio and capabilities to compete and win, and to deliver on our goal to provide superior returns through the property and casualty pricing cycle.
Going forward, we will maintain a disciplined approach to underwriting and pricing, while taking advantage of the market disruption and our enhanced capabilities to drive profitable growth. We will continue to improve our portfolio through proactive mix management, further growing our specialty business and our high-margin lines, niches and segments. We also will build even deeper partnerships with the best agents and brokers in our business; all to deliver top-quartile returns for our shareholders and outstanding products and services to our agents and their insureds.
As we celebrate our 160th anniversary and focus on our bright future, we acknowledge the commitment and support of our employees, agent partners, shareholders, community partners, and others who have helped us build one of the most enduring and successful companies in our business. And, as we advance our journey, I have every confidence that we have the people, the organizational determination, and the capabilities necessary to ensure that our company is regarded as one of the finest in our business for many years to come, and that we will deliver significant value for you and for all of our stakeholders along the way.
Sincerely,
Frederick H. Eppinger
President and Chief Executive Officer
THE HANOVER INSURANCE GROUP
  2011 ANNUAL REPORT 6
 