  to our shAreholDers
Frederick h. eppinger
President and Chief Executive Officer
 our company stood strong in 2008, achieving distinction, and today stands ready to capitalize on the turmoil in the marketplace.
2008 annual reporT 1
2008 was a historic year, one that shook the foundation of our country’s economy, the financial services industry as a whole and many of the companies in the property and casualty insurance business. Throughout all of this, our company stood strong, achieving distinction, and today stands ready to capitalize on the turmoil in the marketplace.
The magnitude of challenge and disruption that occurred in our industry during the year is unprecedented.
The tremendous upheaval in the financial and credit markets, in addition to near-record catastrophe losses for the industry, had broad and sometimes disastrous implications. Earnings were drastically reduced across the industry. Billions of dollars in capital were lost. Rating agencies downgraded many companies. Pressure to reduce expenses and improve earnings increased. Investments and product initiatives were tabled. Staffing reductions occurred. Agents were left wondering who they could count on. And, worse
yet, the fallout continues.
Achieving Distinction
In contrast to many others, we weathered the storms of 2008 quite well. Our financial condition is excellent. Our balance sheet and capital position are solid. We have great financial flexibility. Our ratings are strong and improving. We are investing in our business, building and buying the product and service capabilities our agent partners need.
The hanover Insurance Group

 over the past five years, we have dramatically improved the overall financial condition of our company.
We are moving forward, deliberately and without hesitation, advancing our strategic priorities and achieving our goals. We view the disruption in the marketplace as a tremendous opportunity, and we are intently focused and ready to capitalize. Overall, our company
is better positioned today than ever to compete and win.
In 2003, we set out to build a very special company — one built on a solid financial foundation, one focused on delivering distinctive product and service capabilities to the best agents, one that would thrive on the disruption that inevitably occurs in our business, and one that would be recognized as among the very best in our industry over the long term.
Many of our competitors dismissed our company in 2003. No one does today.
We have made great progress over the past several years, strengthening our organization on every dimension and delivering distinctive value for our independent agent partners and their customers every day.
As we seek to build our business, we are intent on setting our company even further apart from our competition — achieving even greater distinction — strengthening the foundation on which we are building our company, and investing in the people, products and services that will enable our agent partners to grow their businesses as we grow ours.
strengthening our FounDAtion
Over the past five years, we have dramatically improved the overall financial condition of our company, significantly increasing our earnings power, outpacing our peers, and generating profitable growth in all lines of business. We also have greatly strengthened our capital position, while maintaining strong reserves.
The completion of the sale of our life business in January 2009, with the closing of the sale of First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company, marked an important milestone, and allows us to focus all of our attention, as well as our entire capital base, on our property and casualty operations. While our former life business represents an important part of our company’s history, it was critical to put that chapter behind us. In hindsight, the decisions to put those operations into run-off and to sell them were prudent ones, as the life insurance industry faces many challenges ahead with the ongoing financial market turmoil.
Our property and casualty business performed well during the year, in spite of unusually high catastrophe and weather-related losses. After-tax segment income* was $176 million, compared to $229 million in 2007, with the difference attributed to a significant increase in catastrophe losses during what was the third worst year ever for insured, natural catastrophe losses.
On an ex-catastrophe basis, property and casualty pre-tax segment income* — which reflects our underlying earnings power — was up 5 percent for the year at $472 million, compared to $448 million in 2007.
At the same time, we continued to generate strong growth in our business, outperforming the industry as a whole and most of our competitors. We are very pleased with our growth trends, since they are driven by mix improvements and are in higher-margin segments, specifically in total account business in Personal Lines and Specialty lines in our commercial book of business.
 Achieving
 2
The hanover Insurance Group 2008 annual reporT

 In addition, in spite of all of the market pressure during the year, we maintained an excellent capital position and a strong investment portfolio, while maintaining a modest debt-to-capital ratio.
Our liquidity position at year end was strong at both our operating and holding companies, with approximately $400 million in liquidity at our holding company after taking into account the sale of the last of our life operations. Our investment portfolio is one of the strongest in the industry, with 98 percent of our invested assets in cash and fixed income securities, and 94 percent of these fixed income securities are rated investment grade.
In general, we have no exposure, or a negligible exposure, to the asset classes that have been most in the news and that have caused so many problems for other financial services companies.
Our strong financial performance and overall financial condition has had a very positive impact on our ratings as well. During a time marked by numerous rating downgrades, we are one of the few financial services companies that have established positive ratings momentum. In 2008, our financial strength ratings were upgraded by Moody’s Investors Service and Standard & Poor’s, and our issuer credit ratings with both of these firms were upgraded to investment grade. We also maintained a positive outlook from A.M. Best. We are optimistic that further upgrades can be achieved as we continue to generate strong results.
Delivering reAl vAlue For our Agent PArtners
With the benefit of a strong financial position, we have substantially strengthened our infrastructure over the past five years. We have assembled one of the most talented and committed teams in the business, giving us the knowledge and experience we need to deliver for our agent partners. We also have invested more than $250 million, focused on product and ease-of-doing business enhancements during the last five years, positioning our company and our agent partners to prosper in the most challenging of markets.
Since 2003, we have introduced more than 30 new products and product enhancements, including many specialty and niche products that enable our agent partners to take advantage of specialized growth opportunities, and we have improved our agent-facing technology and services, making it faster and more effective for our agent partners to meet their customers’ needs.
While we have made great strides across our organization, we are far from content. We know all too well that success is never final. In fact, our journey to build one of the very best companies in our business over the long term will never really end. We always will be looking for new and better ways to deliver even more distinctive value to our agent partners.
As we advance our journey, we recognize that the world has changed for independent agents. Companies they had come to rely on heavily are now under significant pressure, and agents increasingly are looking for more dependable markets. We fully expect to benefit from this flight to quality and stability, and we will continue to be there for our agent partners, as always, delivering what they value most — innovation, commitment, responsiveness and expertise.
The hanover Insurance Group
 We have continued
to generate strong growth in our business, outperforming the industry and most of our competitors.
2008 annual reporT 3
Distinction

 We fully expect to benefit from the flight to quality and stability, and we will continue to be there for our agent partners, as always.
While many of our competitors are cutting back, we continue to invest. We are committed to providing our agent partners with a unique product mix, broader and more relevant than any regional company, and to making more distinctive product enhancements than our peers, giving our agent partners more opportunities to grow.
Our product portfolio today represents a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Our Commercial Lines business is one of the best in the small to lower-middle market business segment, providing our agent partners with a “total solution” for accounts up to $200,000 in premiums. Our Personal Lines business is a “total account writer,” offering our agent partners the ability to meet their customers’ total personal insurance needs.
Going forward, we will continue to make investments across the board, with an emphasis on our Specialty business, which in 2009 is expected to generate more than $500 million in direct written premium, compared to just $65 million five years ago. We will continue
to listen to our agent partners and develop the specialty products that enable them to create and expand specialized lines of business. And, we will continue to look for opportunities
to buy teams and product capabilities, as we did with the recent acquisitions of Verlan Holdings, Professionals Direct, and AIX Holdings.
At the same time, we plan to invest aggressively in the remainder of our Commercial Lines business and in our Personal Lines business, helping our agent partners to improve their economics by selling value rather than price, improving our billing, account rounding and niche market capabilities.
committing to our PArtners
While many of our competitors are appointing as many agents as possible and leveraging different distribution channels, we are committed to developing a finite number of true partnerships — and the deeper, the better.
We have been very disciplined over the past several years about identifying winning agents—those who are growing and know how to sell value—and converting those agents to partners. Our objective is to partner with a limited number of agents, and as a result, to restrict access to our products, so our agent partners can truly differentiate their agencies from their competitors.
In exchange for our commitment, our agent partners give us an unfair advantage, placing their best business with us so we can grow with margin and continue to invest in them.
With the disruption in the market, true, mutually beneficial partnerships are more important than ever, for us and for our agent partners.
ProviDing resPonsiveness AnD exPertise
While many of our competitors are getting further and further from their agents and the markets they serve, we are doing just the opposite. We take great pride in knowing that we are more responsive and offer greater expertise than our competitors.
Delivering innovAtion
  4 The hanover Insurance Group 2008 annual reporT

 When we enter a market, we do not dabble; we commit to bringing significant resources to that market and to our agent partners to ensure that both of us achieve our goals.
We are uniquely positioned, providing our agent partners with expertise on par with some of the best national and specialty companies, and the market presence and local decision- making authority of the best regional companies. We will continue to invest in these very important capabilities.
cAPitAlizing on the oPPortunity At hAnD
We are very proud of all we have accomplished over the past several years. The events of 2008 tested the strength and stability of our company. Clearly, we passed those tests, and today, we are positioned to capitalize on what we believe is an opportunity greater than any we have seen before.
Without question, we have what it takes to do just that. We have achieved distinction in recent years, and we continue to do so. We have a clear strategic focus. We are financially strong. We offer a compelling value proposition for our agents. And, we have the talent, the energy and the commitment needed to win.
While many in our industry are hunkering down, we are moving forward, focused on achieving further distinction, and delivering significant value for all of our stakeholders.
Sincerely,
Frederick H. Eppinger
President and Chief Executive Officer
 *After-tax segment income and ex-catastrophe, pre-tax property and casualty segment income are non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation
of those measures to the closest GAAP measure, income from continuing operations—net of taxes, can be found on page 28 of the attached Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The hanover Insurance Group
While many in our industry are hunkering down, we are moving forward, focused
on achieving further distinction, and delivering value for all of our stakeholders.
2008 annual reporT 5
