Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Interface delivered a remarkable year in 2015, with substantial improvements across key financial metrics including sales
in local currencies, gross profit, operating income and
earnings per share. As expected, we faced a strong
headwind from the advance of the U.S. dollar versus foreign currencies such as the Euro, Australian dollar and Canadian dollar, which had an $80 million negative impact on our top line and masked much of the underlying growth of our business. Nevertheless, from an earnings perspective, our net income of $72.4 million and EPS of $1.10 were by far the best ever for Interface.
The main driver of the earnings improvement was our greatly expanded gross margin, which rose 430 basis points versus the prior year and helped us overcome the negative currency impacts. Through a combination of our lean manufacturing initiatives, higher production volume, improved selling prices, and lower
raw material costs and usage, we were able to achieve a gross margin of 38.2% for 2015, and ended the year with a record gross margin of 39.8% in the fourth quarter – very close to our mid-term targeted run rate of 40%.
On the demand side, our sales in local currencies grew 8%,
with all of our primary geographic regions delivering positive growth. Our success was fueled mostly by a robust corporate office market in the U.S., a long-awaited turnaround in Europe, particularly in our key markets of the U.K., Ireland and Germany, and the continuing recapture of market share in Australia following the start-up of our new manufacturing plant in the
prior year. Although the negative currency impacts and a softer fourth quarter resulted in sales of $1 billion, flat versus the prior year, we were able to substantially increase our profitability and earnings in each quarter and for the full year of 2015. I would like to thank our employees for their dedication and hard work toward achieving these results.
Interface also made great progress in 2015 toward Mission Zero®. With only four years remaining on our mission to eliminate the negative impact of our business on the environment by the year 2020, our efforts toward this goal are evident across virtually all aspects of our business. Largely due to a new directed biogas project we are supporting in America, we are now obtaining an impressive 84% of the energy used at our manufacturing sites from renewable sources, and we have reduced our greenhouse gas emissions by 92% compared with our baseline year of 1996. Our products also embody the Mission Zero commitment, with 50% of the raw materials we use to make our products globally coming from recycled or bio-based sources in 2015. These and many other sustainability metrics give us confidence that we
will meet our goal, and we are already beginning to focus on the years beyond 2020 and how we may have a positive impact on the environment.
We have many reasons to be optimistic about our prospects
for growing our Company and enhancing shareholder value. Interface is the global industry leader in carpet tile products and innovation. Our worldwide sales, marketing and design teams are highly engaged, well-equipped, and passionate about our Company. Our customer-centric approach is evidenced by the results of the 2015 Floor Focus survey of the top designers
in the U.S., in which we were ranked #1 in the categories of design, quality, performance and service, and were once again named the #1 “Green Leader.” A couple of our products which were launched globally in 2015, Equal MeasureTM and NarrativesTM, are featured on the cover of this report and demonstrate how our carpet tile can beautifully transform an interior space. Our leadership in sustainability also resonates deeply with our customers and will be an even greater competitive advantage for us as climate change and its disruptions become an imminent threat to our planet.
Operationally, we are stronger than we have ever been, as evidenced by our substantially expanded gross margin over the past twelve months, and we believe there is room for further improvement. Our project pipeline and market feedback lead
us to anticipate a rebound in orders and sales as 2016 unfolds. The secular shift from other flooring products such as broadloom carpet to carpet tile is continuing, and our growth initiatives in market segments like hospitality and education are gaining strong traction. We remain encouraged by macroeconomic data that predicts a healthy commercial real estate building cycle
in the U.S. We also believe the worst of the negative currency impacts is behind us. With the earnings power we have created through our enhanced operational efficiency, greatly expanded gross margin, and solidified balance sheet, we believe we can deliver improved earnings even if we encounter only modest sales growth in 2016.
In last year’s annual report letter, I introduced you to Jay Gould, who had joined us as Chief Operating Officer, overseeing our operations, marketing and organizational development. Over the past year, Jay has been a great partner and cultural fit for Interface, and he has earned our confidence with his strategic vision, operational talents, business acumen and purpose-driven management philosophy. In recognition of his leadership, Jay was recently promoted to the position of President and Chief Operating Officer, and I look forward to his continued leadership for our operations, brand, mission and purpose.
As always, I thank you for your continued support, trust and investment in Interface.
Yours very truly, Daniel T. Hendrix
  