Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Interface experienced gradual, steady improvement during 2013, with our Americas business hitting a record annual sales number and offsetting modest sales declines in our Europe and Asia-Pacific regions. Our performance in the U.S. greatly outpaced the rest of the commercial flooring market, although mixed macroeconomic conditions in Europe and the lingering effects of the 2012 fire at our Australia plant combined to keep our overall growth in check. Despite these challenges in overseas markets, our profit margins and earnings expanded to healthy levels.
The biggest driver of growth in our Americas business was the corporate office market, which was up 9% year-over-year, even though we’ve yet to see a true rebound in the segment. Contributions also came from non-office segments and from emerging geographic markets in Latin and South America. In particular, we’re very pleased with the upward trajectory of our business in the hospitality segment, where we have enhanced our sales and marketing efforts with large branded customers and are beginning to realize success.
At our residential carpet tile business FLOR, sales were up 32% for the year and we opened three new FLOR stores, bringing our current
total to 21 stores. In the aggregate, our FLOR stores were profitable for the year, and same store sales improved 24%. Our marketing efforts have been focused on improving connections between our stores, catalogs
and web presence, all aimed at enhancing the “omni-channel” customer experience. While FLOR fell short of our goal of achieving profitability during 2013, the balance between its growth and profitability is a delicate one, and we remain pleased with its overall performance and future prospects.
After several years of economic turmoil, Europe has begun to show signs of life. The second half of 2013, in particular, shaped up nicely for our business. Project pipeline activity and orders began picking up in
the third quarter, and this momentum continued into the fourth quarter, when we logged our highest level of orders in the past five years. Most of the improvement is coming in our primary markets of the U.K., Holland and Germany, while conditions in Southern Europe remain soft. We’re encouraged by the positive trends in Europe and we believe our business in the region is poised for further recovery.
In Asia-Pacific, our sales declined 3% for the year, primarily due to the negative impacts from the previous year’s fire at our Australia plant. While we were successful adapting our supply chain and servicing the Australia market from our other plants worldwide, the resulting extended delivery lead times and inefficiencies disrupted our customer service capabilities in the region. Outside of Australia, however, our Asia-Pacific business was strong as sales and operating income in Southeast Asia and China improved significantly.
Two other recent developments in our Asia-Pacific business are worth noting. First, we reached a final settlement with our insurance company regarding the Australia fire, which resulted in a gain during 2013. Second, and more importantly, we commenced operations at our new state-of-the- art manufacturing facility located near Sydney, Australia during the first week of January 2014, which will significantly improve our service levels
in the region going forward.
In 2013, we made great strides in our mission of becoming a sustainable enterprise – which we refer to as Mission Zero®. We launched the Net EffectTM Collection of carpet tile products (one of which is featured on the cover of this report) with yarn that is partly made from recycled fishing nets collected by communities in the Philippines through our Net-WorksTM project. This program is a big step in redesigning our supply chain from
a linear take-make-waste process toward a closed loop system, and it advances our ultimate goal of becoming a restorative enterprise. Our plant in Europe reached a significant milestone, as it now uses 100% renewable energy from a combination of bio-gas and green electricity, with almost
no water used or waste sent to a landfill. In addition, we created new programs to strengthen employee connections to our sustainability goals, holding our first ever Mission Zero week celebrations at several locations worldwide, with activities that included legacy projects, biomimicry training workshops, enhanced communications and employee recognition programs.
I believe Interface is on solid footing for 2014, and I’m encouraged about our prospects this year. Leading indicators as well as our business in the U.S. have been moving in a positive direction, and project activity within the architect and design community has been firming up. While
we expect the pace of economic recovery in the U.S. to remain gradual throughout the year, we believe we have upside to take market share
and outperform the rest of the industry. The outlook for Europe has brightened over the past six months, with evidence that its economic downturn is mostly subsiding and our largest markets in the U.K., Holland and Germany are recovering. In Australia, the overall market is expected to be soft, but we’re poised to regain market share, as delivery lead times and service levels improve with the ramp up of our new plant. The broader challenges for our Asia-Pacific business will be rebalancing production among our three plants in the region, penetrating non-office market segments, and leading in design and sustainability. Lastly, we expect to realize further margin expansion from improved manufacturing efficiencies and carefully controlled SG&A spending throughout the year.
This year also marks the 20-year anniversary of our founder Ray Anderson’s epiphany – his self-described “spear in the chest” moment – when he realized that our future depends on our ability to achieve sustainability. While we’ve made tremendous progress and led a sea change in our industry since that time, we still have a ways to go and much to accomplish to reach this goal by the year 2020. We will continue to honor Ray’s legacy and tirelessly pursue his vision, and we hope you will continue with us on the journey.
Yours very truly,
Daniel T. Hendrix
  