Dear Fellow Shareholders:

The big story at Interface

for 2003 was that we weathered the three-year downturn in the corporate office market and thereby set the stage for a full recovery and growth in new directions. I want to thank all of our employees for this, because it wouldn't have been possible without their dedication and hard work. Depending on whom you talk to, the decline in the corporate office market was anywhere from 25% to 40% over the past three years. Having about 80% of our business in that segment at the outset, we clearly needed to make some dramatic changes. And we did just that-- rationalizing a total of 12 plants, reducing our worldwide staff by 30%, and implementing a program of extensive back-office integration to reduce costs. These efforts have been particularly successful in our broadloom and fabrics businesses. In broadloom, we've lowered the break-even point for Bentley Prince Street so that it is now a profitable operation even though sales levels are down 33%. And our Interface Fabrics Group, which was the hardest hit by the corporate office downturn, has taken out significant costs and is expected to rebound well on the strength of its 50% share of the U.S. office furniture panel market. While we were enacting these belt-tightening measures, we were also looking at ways to capitalize on our strength: modular carpet. Modular carpet was invented about 50 years ago and introduced in the U.S. in the 1970s, so you might not think of it as an innovative product. Known throughout most of its history as "carpet tile," it commanded little attention in the marketplace or among carpet manufacturers, with the exception of Interface. Since we began pioneering it in the '70s, we've envisioned an exciting future for modular carpet, believing that it is a superior floorcovering for commercial applications and will inevitably dominate the market someday. Our competitors were probably happy to see us focusing so much of our thinking and resources on modular carpet while they continued rolling out the broadloom. Now even they are beginning to feel the effects of what we predicted, promoted and made possible--the modular explosion. That term may sound over-the-top, but it's the only way to convey what's happening.

Modular carpet is now redefining the entire worldwide floorcovering business, and as the world's largest and most innovative producer of modular carpet, we stand to benefit enormously from its explosive growth.
For us, that growth is of two types. One involves market segments, such as education, hospitality and healthcare. The other is geographic, reflecting our dramatic progress in such countries as Japan and Australia, our strengthening hold in Europe, and our prospects in China. Interface is the world's leading manufacturer of modular carpet, not only in sales but also in innovative thinking. In fact, our i2TM product line--a broad extension of our phenomenally successful Entropy® product--is a potent expression of the breakthrough idea of "non-directional" installation that has given architects, designers and customers a whole new set of reasons to join the modular revolution. Interface has been aggressively developing this product category. We're reaping the rewards today: i2 represents 25% of our U.S. modular carpet sales in 2003, and it's our fastest growing product line in Europe. We expect the returns to grow substantially as we continue shaping the modular market, which we expect to double in the U.S. over the next five years. Segmentation is a big part of our modular story, but our segmentation strategy also encompasses our broadloom, fabrics and service businesses. The strategy itself is not an unusual one, but we've implemented our plan the right way, with the right people in the right places supported by a great team. While we were cutting costs and rationalizing operations, we made top line investments in market research, segment-specific product development, specialized sales staffing and training, and marketing to drive sales. The corporate office segment is still our mainstay, so we were pleased to see signs of recovery in that market in late 2003. But two years of efforts in segmentation have also given us strong traction in the education, government, retail, hospitality, healthcare and residential markets. Once developed, these segments will help protect Interface from single-

2 | 3

market shockwaves in the future. The numbers in the U.S. alone tell you why: the corporate office carpet market is about $800 million, but the total commercial carpet market is $3.3 billion. Another targeted segment, the residential carpet market, amounts to $11 billion annually in the U.S., making it perhaps the most intriguing. We developed InterfaceflorTM modular

carpet to appeal to fashion-forward consumers, whom we are reaching with handsome catalogs and an easy-to-use website. Interfaceflor is also
being successfully test marketed through Lowe's Home Improvement stores. Meanwhile, our broadloom products in the Prince Street House & HomeTM Collection are now being sold through select, upscale carpet retailers. In addition, we have a $10 million residential business in Europe that we're growing using a similar strategy. Interface is also known for its pursuit of sustainability, thanks largely to our Chairman and founder Ray Anderson. One of the corporate world's most avid spokesmen for earth-friendly business practices, Ray travels the world persuading leaders that sustainable behavior is incredibly good for business, that it is in fact a better way to make a bigger profit. It is increasingly proving to be a strong competitive edge for us. More and more architects and designers are recommending our products to their clients because we are committed to environmental responsibility. A growing number of builders and facilities operators are showing a preference for "green" buildings and products. And researchers tell us that over 50 million Americans set a high priority on doing right by the environment. It all adds up in our favor. Though other carpet makers are now getting on the sustainability

bandwagon (which we encourage), Interface is known as the industry leader. This was confirmed recently in two ways. First, Interface was chosen in the Floor
Focus Top 250 Design Survey 2003 as the company in the industry doing the best job for the environment. We were also honored to receive one of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's prestigious Climate Protection Awards for our efforts to protect the environment. Interface is poised for the turn, and we're going into 2004 confident of our return to profitability. We believe that we will be able to grow our top line in non-corporate segments, that the corporate office market will continue to recover, that fabrics will begin its return to historic profitability levels, that broadloom will leverage its leading brand status to grow its profitability, and that we will be able to continue to lead and shape the modular explosion worldwide. 2004 will be a year of execution for us. Among our objectives are to: exploit the growing strength of modular in various segments; shape emerging markets around the world, such as China, India, Germany and the Middle East; drive the cost-efficient made-to-order model to varying degrees in all our businesses; not be distracted from the corporate office market so that we can continue to dominate there as it rebounds; strengthen our presence in the huge residential market; pay down debt; continue our efforts to minimize SG&A costs, which we've cut by nearly $60 million in three years; solve the problem of operating losses in our service business; and build our broadloom and fabrics businesses without compromising our modular efforts. On the following pages, you'll find stories that illustrate what I'm talking about when I say that Interface has undergone a striking transformation in how we do business and where we're headed. Read them. Talk to us and our customers. And--most important--take a close look at our innovative products. You'll see a company where the main story line is compelling and the next chapter will be better than the last.

Sincerely,

Daniel T. Hendrix President and Chief Executive Officer

