Dear Fellow Shareholders: If necessity is the mother of invention, then Ray Anderson is the father as far as Interface is concerned. Many people around the world know about Ray's epiphany ten years ago, marking the beginning of his personal campaign promoting sustainability, i.e., environmental and social responsibility. But years before that, he was already proving to be a true visionary. He was a pioneer in introducing carpet tile to the American market. He believed this modular form of carpet was a better way to cover the floor--that it would eventually become the standard, not just a niche product. True to Ray's vision, the carpet tile as refined by Interface is reinventing the floorcovering market. So this annual report--marking the tenth anniversary of our focus on sustainability and illustrating the growing success of our strategy for value creation--is really all about our spirit of innovation. As you go through these pages, I believe you'll see that Interface is emerging as a remarkably innovative company. The drive to innovate has always been central to our corporate culture. It's in our DNA. It's evident in what we make, how we make it, how we market it and all the day-to-day details of how we conduct business. Our urge to innovate has become self-reinforcing. Even though the major impetus to reinvent our company--the precipitous decline in 2001-2003 of the corporate office market--seems to have run its course, Interface today is still a company driven and fueled by better ideas. Look at our out-of-the-box ideation process, for example. Every quarter, an interdisciplinary creative team convenes to explore "new parents"--big ideas that will take the company in the right direction. The team includes our experts in R&D, product design, sustainability, manufacturing, IT and marketing. The underlying creative principle is biomimicry, which means looking to nature for efficient solutions that can be adapted for our purposes. It is best illustrated by the story of the "new parent" that revolutionized modular carpet. As part of our out-of-the-box process, product design consultant David Oakey came up with a simple yet enormous breakthrough: non-directional installation of carpet modules. David was inspired by the randomness of such things as the "carpet" formed as autumn leaves fall. The idea--now patent pending--went to market as the Entropy® product, and has been tremendously successful. As a good "new parent" idea, it spawned the entire i2TM modular carpet line, which after a few years has grown to account for more than 30% of our total U.S. modular carpet sales. Overall, our sustainability efforts have given Interface a high profile globally. Probably the clearest indication of this in 2004 was the survey of sustainability experts around the world by the highly respected GlobeScan organization. Interface ranked third, behind only Shell and BP, among those corporations "with the greatest commitment to sustainability." And among North American experts surveyed, Interface ranked first. This leadership is earning business for us every day. It's something we have pursued not just to be good citizens but to create value for our shareholders. We're leaders in all our core competencies: modular, broadloom and fabric. We've not only survived the industry-wide downturn, we're successfully executing our strategy to expand market share. To focus on our core strengths, we had to make tough decisions--exiting the access flooring and service businesses, scaling down from 28 plants to 19 (without reducing capacity), and rightsizing our workforce, too. Our strategy also involved: introducing new leadership in our divisions, business units, and segmentation teams; designing new products to meet specialized market needs; squeezing SG&A costs so we could spend more on growth initiatives; engaging in e-commerce in highly innovative ways and honing other new marketing tools and techniques; revamping wasteful approaches to sampling and increasing our speed to market; and otherwise driving Interface to new levels of performance. Most important, we developed a market segmentation strategy to lessen our dependence on the corporate office market and create new growth opportunities. We are pursuing new business vigorously in several carefully researched floorcovering and fabrics markets--such as education, government, retail, hospitality, automotive, healthcare and the biggest by far for floorcovering, residential--and doing so not just in the U.S. but also in mature and emerging markets throughout Europe, the Middle East and Asia-Pacific. This has multiplied our opportunities dramatically. And, like a well-diversified investment portfolio, our mix of markets should protect us better from future market fluctuations. Today, our modular carpet is the best in class. We dominate the category worldwide, with 19% sales growth in 2004, including 29% in the noncorporate office segments. In Asia-Pacific, profitability is growing at a record pace, with 2004 sales up about 50%. Bentley Prince Street is best in class in high-end commercial broadloom and is the most recognized brand in the all-important community of architects and designers. With significantly reduced operating costs and high levels of energy and passion opening doors in key market segments, we're confident our broadloom business has now turned the corner on profitability and is poised for better days ahead. Our fabrics business--already recognized as the best in class in commercial fabrics--is now focusing on promising new market segments under the guidance of new leaders who understand those markets and how to win them over with continuous innovation, persistence and responsiveness. In 2004, our fabrics business posted a significant turnaround in profitability and all the signs point towards an even brighter future. In 2004, we laid the foundation for accelerating profitability in 2005. As innovators, we've made significant strides in our climb towards sustainability, moving aggressively towards our vision of defining and achieving a net zero environmental footprint by the year 2020. We've successfully redefined the floorcovering market with our modular products. We've used a market downturn to drive us into smart new directions around the world. And our sales numbers for 2004 make it clear that our overall strategy is working. In other words, for this 10th anniversary of our commitment to sustainability, we have much to celebrate. I'd like to thank all of our stakeholders for their support, and especially Ray Anderson for his vision and his conviction that sustainability is a better way to make a bigger profit. I believe that, with the best brands in all our core businesses, a leaner, tougher and more efficient organization, the liquidity and capital structure to give us flexibility, a smart strategy and the discipline to execute it well, and improving market conditions, Interface is a good company poised to become a truly great company. Sincerely,

Daniel T. Hendrix President and Chief Executive Officer

1

