Dear Fellow Shareowners,
I am honored that our Board of Directors has asked that I serve as your Chief Executive Officer. After 34 years with the company and over 15 as our CEO, Dan Hendrix will now focus on his
role as Chairman of the Board. He will continue as an advocate for our sustainability mission, a promoter of our value creation agenda, and an advisor to the company.
As only the third CEO in our 43-year history, I am humbled by the many achievements of Dan and Ray Anderson, our founder. Fortunately, we stand on the shoulders of these industry giants, and we can see Interface has a bright future. That future stems directly from what has created our past success: innovative product design, a passion for making great products every day, an entrepreneurial spirit directed at serving our customers, a commitment to teamwork, and an unwavering zeal to make the world a better place.
Superior Value Creation
We made important progress in 2016 on our strategic agenda to become the world’s most valuable interior products and services company. While we might not be the largest company in our industry, we aspire to be recognized for creating superior value for our key stakeholders: our customers, our shareowners, our employees, and the environment.
In 2016, excluding our restructuring charge, we delivered the second best earnings per share in the company’s history. We achieved this result despite difficult macroeconomic factors
that negatively impacted our top line. Although architectural activity advanced in 2016, many new construction and building renovations were delayed, attributed to factors including: the U.K. decision to exit the European Union; the refugee crisis in Western Europe; the oil crisis felt in western Canada, southwestern U.S., Latin America and Norway; and the political election process in the U.S.
Despite reducing our global production volume by 7% and investing in a new state-of-the-art U.S. distribution warehouse, we produced a company record annual 38.5% gross margin. I remain bullish on our investments to transform our Troup County, Georgia manufacturing facilities into a world-class operation. Globally,
our safety programs continue to yield progress toward a “zero accident” environment.
Since 2015, we have improved our gross margin by 450 basis points and I believe we are on track to achieve our near-term target of 40% within the next three years. We also substantially improved our operating margin, excluding restructuring charges, and I believe we will achieve our near-term operating margin target of 13% within three years.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, we refocused our FLOR® business to emphasize online sales and crossover sales with our commercial business, while continuing to explore indirect retail opportunities. This reorganization involves exiting the direct retail channel and closing most FLOR stores in the U.S. We expect FLOR to be better positioned to bring high style modular carpets and rugs to the residential market and contribute to our bottom line.
In 2016, we also entered the high growth luxury vinyl tile segment of the hard surface flooring market. With our differentiated approach, we’ve created a new category that we’ve named modular resilient flooring. This new product line allows us to capture incremental sales opportunities, and positions Interface as a modular flooring business with both soft and hard surface solutions.
Sustainability Progress
In 2016, we made progress on our Mission Zero® sustainability commitments, notably reducing the footprint of factory operations and our products’ carbon footprints. Highlights include: 84% of our energy now comes from renewable sources, with 96% in
the U.S. and 100% in Europe coming from renewable sources; 55% of our raw materials now come from recycled or bio-based sources; and we have reduced the carbon footprint of our products by over 60% since we began our sustainability journey in 1994.
This substantial progress propels Interface to be recognized
as one of the most sustainable companies in the world. For 19 consecutive years, the GlobeScan Sustainability Leaders Survey named Interface as one of the top five global leaders. Importantly, this reputation translates into Interface being the strongest brand in our industry based on Net Promoter Scores from
our customers.
Looking Forward
Interface is a very special company. We have been on a mission to demonstrate that value creation and ecological restoration can work together. We have made dramatic progress and,
yet, the world needs Interface now more than ever. With advice and encouragement from Ray Anderson’s original Eco Dream Team, we launched a new sustainability mission, Climate Take BackTM. Our strategies to demonstrate we can address climate change include:
1. Live Zero: Continue our efforts towards having no
negative impact on the Earth. We plan to take only what can be replaced.
2. Love Carbon: Start using carbon as a resource. We plan to have products that capture carbon and processes that sequester carbon.
3. Let Nature Cool: Support our biosphere’s ability to regulate the climate. We plan to convert our facilities to act like positive members of their local bio-economies.
4. Lead Industrial Re-revolution: Transform industry into a force for climate progress. In today’s political arena, industry can lead the way. We plan to demonstrate that doing the right thing creates superior value.
Delivering superior economic performance while taking on the greatest challenge to humankind requires the fanatic commitment of our 3,500 employees. My commitment is to build on the culture that has made us one of the world’s most innovative
and inspirational companies. While continuing our commitment
to sustainable business, we will strengthen our position as the global leader in modular flooring for the commercial market.
As always, I thank you for your continued support, trust and investment in Interface.
Yours very truly,
Jay D. Gould
  