Dear fellow shareholders, let me start by saying, quite
simply, that 2006 was an outstanding year for us, with over $1 billion in sales, increased profitability, growth that outpaced the industry, and good results around the world. Our capital structure is better than it's been since the mid-1980s and is giving us operating leverage. We raised $30 million from the sale of our European fabrics business in 2006 and $79 million from our recent stock offering, and we're paying down our debt. Obviously, our numbers are much improved, yet they only begin to convey our competitive strength today and how well-positioned we are for an even better future. Not surprisingly, the key is modular carpet. As a category, it's exploding. And it's a category we invented and have defined--and redefined--ever since. Thanks in large part to the quality, functionality and design of our products, there is a secular shift to modular. This shift is well underway in the corporate office market, gaining momentum in the hospitality, healthcare, retail and education markets, and making inroads in the vast residential market. And the shift is global, as indicated by another year of strong growth for our Asia-Pacific operation and near-record performance for our European business. In many of the world's fastest-growing markets, in the Middle East, South America, India and China, the desire for what is new and modern puts customers squarely in the modular camp. InterfaceFLOR worldwide posted its third straight year of record operating results. Even Bentley Prince Street, renowned for its high-end broadloom lines, has substantially increased its sales of modular carpet on its way to achieving a double-digit percentage increase in sales and greater profitability in 2006. Modular currently accounts for about a third of the U.S. commercial carpet market and, with the corporate office segment in a cyclical upturn, the upside potential here is enormous--and no company is better positioned to capitalize on it than Interface. We've learned that, despite economic cycles, we have the power to shape our own future through innovation and execution. Our segmentation strategy is a good example. Hurt by the sudden drop in our dominant market-- the corporate office market--we decided to cultivate other segments to balance it. Globally, we moved the needle from 20% up to 35% for non-corporate sales. In the U.S., InterfaceFLOR Commercial drove it even higher, to more than 50%. This will cushion against future cyclical downturns. Shaping the future is Interface founder Ray Anderson's vocation. He began by recognizing the true potential of "carpet tile" and turning it into a product that is transforming the floorcovering market. Then, he took on an even greater challenge: environmental sustainability. Years ago, while competitors scoffed and Wall Streeters scratched their heads, Interface became the first mover and began its lonely climb up Mt. Sustainability. We learned the territory like nobody else. And we discovered that, rather than putting a burden on the company, reducing our environmental footprint actually liberated us. It stimulated innovative thinking. It gave us our sense of purpose.

It served as a foundation for corporate and personal integrity. It favored efficiency, balance and the beauty of nature's ways. And it set the stage for the exciting new chapter Interface is now writing. Before climate change became a hot topic, we began coming up with cool ideas, like Cool CarpetTM to offset emissions for the life of the product, and Cool BlueTM to make 100%-recycled carpet tile backing. Our first Cool Blue line is partially powered by landfill gas captured from a project we helped develop. Our patented, random-oriented i2TM modular carpet significantly reduces installation waste while redefining the whole aesthetic of floorcovering. Our highly successful Terratex® fabrics are 100% recycled. And 2006 marked the introduction of TacTilesTM, which eliminate the need for pails of glue for installation and make eventual removal and recycling of tiles dramatically easier. There are many more Interface improvements that were inspired by our sustainability goals, and not all were product-centered. In addition to environmental and economic aspects, sustainability for us also has a strong social component. As we go about our business "doing well by doing good," those of us who work at Interface simply feel better about ourselves. This actually helped us retain and attract highly talented employees during the industry downturn when people elsewhere were bailing out. It also guides us as we enhance the diversity of our workforce and use our influence with suppliers and other business associates to enhance theirs. And, in keeping with our sense of social responsibility, we are implementing the strengthbased management techniques created by The Gallup Organization. Now that "green is the new black," to paraphrase the fashion industry, everyone from consumers to world leaders is recognizing Interface as a leader in developing the sustainable business model. The evidence of this is everywhere. Our sustainability vision attracted Martha Stewart, with whom we will soon launch a co-branded line of modular carpet. Ford is using InterfaceFABRIC recycled content fabrics in its latest Hybrid Escape models. Our new Shanghai showroom is the first LEED-certified commercial interior in China. We created a new business called InterfaceRAISE in response to requests from other companies to share what we've learned about sustainability. And the GlobeScan group of environmental experts singled out Interface as the world's leading company in sustainability, rating us ahead of such stalwarts as Toyota, BP, GE and Shell Oil. This is why, as we developed the new Interface global branding to project a universal look and feel for our company, we incorporated a strong sustainability identifier as part of the brand: Mission ZeroTM. By naming our journey in this understandable way, we will leverage our leadership for the benefit of our own associates and shareholders, other businesses seeking to get on board, and the world that sustains us all. I'd like to close by thanking the many thousands of customers around the world who have recognized and responded to what we offer, and by congratulating and thanking our employees, whose passion and creativity have fueled our success. Sincerely,

Daniel T. Hendrix President and Chief Executive Officer



