 TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
The year 2006 was pivotal for The TJX Companies. As both of us came back into the leadership of the busi- ness in the fall of 2005, we established profitable sales growth as our top priority. We are pleased with how our organization responded and the very strong results we delivered in a relatively short period of time. With a renewed focus on the fundamentals, and bet- ter off-price buying being key, we improved execution across the board. We regained our entrepreneurial energy and were better risk-takers. We also rein- forced the meaning of being accountable and results- driven. We believe that all of these efforts led to our success in achieving profitable sales growth in 2006.
For the year, net sales grew 9% to $17.4 billion and consolidated comparable store sales increased 4% over the prior year. Income from continuing operations reached $777 million and diluted earn- ings per share from continuing operations were $1.63, a very strong 26% increase over last year’s results, on an adjusted basis, excluding items noted below.* Overall, we grew square footage by 4%, netting 85 stores to end the year with a total of 2,466 stores.
We undertook many initiatives across the Company in 2006 that worked well in the short term, and we believe put us in a stronger position for continued success in the long term. We reinvigorated The Marmaxx Group, renewing our emphasis on off- price buying and better brands. We delivered powerful performance at our Winners and HomeSense, T.K. Maxx and HomeGoods divisions, and our smaller businesses made good progress. Across the Company, we made cost reduction a major focus area, which contributed to bottom-line improvement. In addition, it allowed us to increase our marketing spend, which we believe succeeded in driving customer traffic.
A Reinvigorated Marmaxx
The Marmaxx Group, our largest division, delivered excellent results in 2006, increasing segment profit by 10% to $1.1 billion, with a comparable store sales
*FY06 adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations exclude the net benefit of one-time items totaling $.12 per share, detailed in Management's Discussion and Analysis in FY07 Form 10-K. On a GAAP basis, including these items, such earnings per share were $1.41.
increase of 2%. We made better off-price buying a key priority in 2006, shifting approximately 10 percent of our buying dollars into more true, off-price, close- out buys. In so doing, we improved the flow of great brands at compelling values to our stores, every day, upping the “WOW” factor and increasing the excite- ment of the treasure hunt, which encourages customers to shop our stores more frequently. We also pursued many merchandising initiatives, includ- ing The Runway at T.J. Maxx designer departments that we tested in over 40 T.J. Maxx stores. In addition to bringing newness and excitement to the stores, these initiatives are one of the many ways in which we open new vendor doors, giving us the ability to continue to flow in fresh brands. More effective marketing was another main goal in 2006, which we believe we achieved through our increased media presence and harder-hitting messaging.
18 16 14 12 10
8 6 4 2 0
NET SALES ($ BILLIONS)
                                     3
82*83*
* Recessions
91* 02* 07
(FYE)
It’s important to note that, although Marmaxx is the oldest and largest of our divisions, we do not view it as “mature” in the traditional business sense. We are constantly testing new ways to grow and drive profitable sales. We have many initiatives underway for 2007, including our plan to add more than 200 expanded footwear departments at Marshalls. Further, we plan to be even stronger in our marketing presence and message. Additionally, we continue to fill in existing markets with new stores, with a plan to grow our

 store base by a net of 50 stores to end 2007 with a total of 1,619 T.J. Maxx and Marshalls stores. Importantly, we pursue these opportunities with an organization that is re-energized, more entrepreneurial in spirit, and results-driven.
Powerful Performance Internationally
Our Canadian businesses delivered outstanding performance in 2006, above our expectations. With strong sales growth, Winners achieved its highest segment profit margin since 2000 and HomeSense delivered its best bottom-line performance since we launched this business in 2001. We increased the depth of our brand offerings and flowed them consis- tently to our stores, which creates freshness and excitement for our customers every time they shop. We expanded our offerings of jewelry, accessories and shoes, which, as at Marmaxx, performed very well. We see more opportunities in these and other merchandise categories in the year ahead, including bringing a Winners variation of The Runway at T.J. Maxx to Canada. We are also pleased that HomeSense, our Canadian home fashions concept, has really captured the attention of Canadian shop- pers and made strong profit contributions in 2006 as it continued to grow. In 2007, we expect to end the year with 188 Winners stores and 71 HomeSense stores.
T.K. Maxx, the off-price leader in the U.K. and Ireland, had a tremendous year. This division also exceeded our expectations in 2006, posting very strong sales increases and a 58% increase in segment profit in U.S. dollars. This organization fired on all cylinders in 2006. They maintained liquid inventory positions throughout the year, which enabled them to buy into current trends and flow great brands to our stores. T.K. Maxx also softened the look of its stores and improved its presentation of merchandise. In order to ready ourselves for European expansion, we strength- ened our senior management team, promoting Paul Sweetenham to Senior Executive Vice President and Group President, Europe, and naming Stephanie Morgan as the new Managing Director for
1,400 1,200 1,000
800 600 400 200
0
SEGMENT PROFIT ($ MILLIONS)
                                   4
82*83*
* Recessions
91* 02* 07
(FYE)
the U.K. and Ireland. We expect to open five stores in Germany in 2007, our first in that country. We are familiar with the merchandise in this market, as well as customers’ tastes and shopping habits, having had a buying office in Germany for the last five years. We believe that with a population of 82 million, Germany holds strong potential for the growth of our business in Europe. In 2007, we plan to add 10 T.K. Maxx stores in the U.K. and Ireland, for a total of 225 stores in Europe by the end of the year.
Pivotal Year at HomeGoods
We are pleased with HomeGoods’ greatly improved, above-plan performance in 2006. Comparable store sales increased 4% for the year and segment profit more than doubled over the prior year. The HomeGoods organization significantly improved its flow of merchandise, getting the right product, at the right time, to our stores, which served this business well in every season. As with Marmaxx and our international divisions, HomeGoods also under- took merchandise initiatives that we believe helped drive customer traffic. For example, we tested 70 HG Kids departments, which create shopping desti- nations for children’s furniture and accessories, with very positive early results. We also were very pleased to name Nan Stutz, who has nearly two decades of TJX experience and merchandising expertise, as President of HomeGoods in early 2007. In the upcoming year, we see opportunities in soft home

 
 
 categories and other merchandise initiatives, and believe that our new marketing campaign will continue to build greater customer awareness of the HomeGoods brand. In 2007, we plan to net 12 addi- tional stores at HomeGoods, bringing the chain to a total of 282 stores by year-end.
Repositioning A.J. Wright
We repositioned our A.J. Wright business in 2006, which we believe puts this business on a much better platform to achieve successful growth. We closed 34 underperforming stores, which we believe was necessary for the future success of A.J. Wright. Narrowing our geographic scope allows us to focus on the demographic profile that we believe works best for this concept and also gain advertising leverage. We currently operate A.J. Wright stores in 19 states, and believe that the strong results of our new stores in 2006 underscores our better understanding of this business and its moderate-income target customer demographic. We have strengthened the organization, naming a new President in Celia Clancy, who brings 25 years of merchandising experience and a strong understand- ing of this customer base, and adding other senior management with decades of TJX experience in the operating, merchandising, and marketing arenas. We begin a new year focused on capitalizing upon what we have already learned about this moderate-income customer, and with its very sizable target demographic, continue to view A.J. Wright as a great potential growth vehicle for TJX. In 2007, we expect A.J. Wright to be cash-flow positive again, and we plan to continue growing this chain at a measured pace, with five new store openings planned in existing markets.
Progress at Bob’s Stores
We took significant steps to improve performance at Bob’s Stores in 2006. We ended the year just short of our goal of reducing operating losses by half, and believe we would have met our target were it not for the unusually warm weather in the fourth quarter throughout the Northeastern U.S., where Bob’s Stores is concentrated. During the year, we expanded our
women’s casual sportswear departments to encourage our female customers to shop Bob’s Stores for herself, and saw positive results. We also succeeded in increas- ing promotional levels, which drove customer traffic, while increasing merchandise margins. In 2007, our focus remains on improving performance at our exist- ing stores, with no new store openings planned until we see this business produce comparable store sales increases that meet our expectations. We expect Bob’s Stores to be cash-flow positive in 2007.
Computer Systems Breach
In January 2007, we announced an unauthorized intrusion of our computer systems that process and store information related to customer transactions, detailed in our Form 10-K. We deeply regret any difficulties our customers may experience as a result of this breach. As we have always done, we have made our customers our top priority in dealing with this issue and we have dedicated significant human and financial resources to protect personal data, as well as communicate with customers about this problem. We have also communicated in a timely manner to the credit and debit card companies, as well as governmental and law enforcement agencies. We are working with leading computer security firms on this issue and we want our shareholders and customers to know that we believe that it is safe for customers to shop our stores.
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007, we recorded a charge of approximately $.01 per share for costs related to the breach incurred in that quarter, including costs for investigating and containing the intrusion, enhancing computer security, communi- cating with our customers, as well as technical, legal and other fees. We expect to continue to incur addi- tional expenses such as these over the coming months, but are not in a position to reasonably estimate the amounts at this time. Also, we do not yet have enough information to reason- ably estimate losses we may incur arising from the intrusion(s). We will continue to report on this matter periodically.
7

 Financial Strength
Our extremely solid financial foundation gives us confidence in the short- and long-term success of TJX. Our strong operations generate significant amounts of excess cash, which gives us the ability to simultaneously grow our Company and return value to shareholders. We began 2006 with a sub- stantial cash balance and generated an additional $1.2 billion from operations. After reinvesting in our business, we repurchased $557 million of TJX stock, retiring 22 million shares, and increased the per-share dividend by 17%. Underscoring our continued confidence in our business and our ability to deliver profitable sales growth, our Board approved a new $1 billion program earlier in 2007, which is in addition to $436 million remaining in our existing program at year-end. Once again, we started a new year in an excellent financial posi- tion and we plan to repurchase $900 million of TJX stock in 2007.
differences among people, and opening ourselves to new ideas, varied experiences and fresh perspec- tives. During 2006, we created the TJX Advisory Board on Differences and Diversity, comprised of external experts, to share best practices and make rec- ommendations from an outside perspective. We also formed several Task Forces comprised of our Associates to link our diversity efforts with our business goal of driving profitable sales. In addition, our Associate Affinity Groups continue to provide networking, support and fresh ideas. Our Associate Training, Supplier Diversity, and Community Relations programs also continue to support our diversity efforts inside and outside the Company. We move forward with a commitment to continuing to do a better job throughout our organization of leveraging the differences among us.
Bright Prospects for 2007 and Beyond
We believe that we are a stronger Company today than we were a year and a half ago, but our expec- tation is to be even better in 2007. We are proud of the accomplishments of 2006, and view them as a platform upon which to build for the future. We undertook many initiatives in 2006, some from which we learned a great deal and some that will serve as springboards for growth in the years ahead. With a stronger entrepreneurial spirit of intelligent risk- taking, we offered our customers more great brands, and intend to continue to do more of this in 2007. We were more effective in our marketing across the Company, and we are excited about the opportunities to make our advertising even stronger, including better branding of our businesses. Expense manage- ment remains a key focus, which helped lever our top line in the past year and support our marketing investment, and we have dedicated a corporate group to this effort.
Our go-forward management team represents deep experience at TJX as well as new talent, and we have strengthened the leadership of our divisions as well as in our corporate mar- keting and human resources areas. In the same
1,200
1,000
800
600
400
200
0
SELECTED CASH FLOW DATA ($ MILLIONS)
NET CASH FROM PROPERTY SHARE OPERATING ADDITIONS REPURCHASES ACTIVITIES
                03
07 03
07 03
07
Leveraging Differences
Integrity and treating people with respect and fairness are core values upon which this Company was founded. We continue to work diligently towards a more inclusive work environment, leveraging
(F YE)
8

way that we have no walls dividing departments in our stores, allowing us to be flexible in present- ing merchandise, we also have no walls, metaphorically speaking, between our divisions. We believe the flow of ideas and sharing of best practices across our divisions is happening more now than ever before and benefiting all of our businesses. We see these cross-divisional lines of communication as being a key element of our success as we proceed in the future.
We would like to gratefully acknowledge the dedicated service of Gary Crittenden and Dennis Hightower, each of whom stepped down as members of the Board of Directors since our last
Respectfully,
Bernard Cammarata Chairman of the Board
A Message from Carol Meyrowitz, President and Chief Executive Officer
Since Ben Cammarata founded T.J. Maxx in 1976, he has led our Company with vision, knowledge, energy, and dedication. He served as President and CEO of The TJX Companies from 1987 to 2000, and became Chairman of the Board in 1999. In 2005, Ben returned to active leadership of the Company as Chairman and Acting CEO. As of the beginning of this fiscal year, I added the title of
letter. Gary Crittenden had served as Director since 2000, and Dennis Hightower since 1996. We thank them for their significant contributions to our Company and wish both Gary and Dennis the very best for future success and good health.
We have great momentum heading into 2007 and many opportunities ahead. We remain focused on our chief goal of driving profitable sales growth and executing the fundamentals of our off-price concept that made this Company great. We sincerely thank our customers, our Associates, who now number approximately 125,000, our vendors and other business associates, and our fellow shareholders, for their ongoing support.
Carol Meyrowitz President and
Chief Executive Officer
                                                9
CEO to my role as President, and Ben continues in his capacity as Chairman. On behalf of the entire Company and our thousands of Associates, I want to extend our enormous gratitude to Ben for his tremendous leadership and passion for our busi- ness and this Company. I look forward to continu- ing to work with him as Chairman as we pursue our common goal of continued success for TJX.
