To Our Fellow Shareholders:
In a difficult economy like the one we faced in 2008, flexibility is key.TJX has one
of the most flexible business models in the world along with great financial strength. For a Company as large as TJX, our flexibility allowed us to react quickly and strategi- cally when the economy declined dramatically in the fall. Our business held its own and performed better than most of the retail industry in 2008.We continued to deliver great value, which continued to attract customers to our stores even as the holiday shopping season became deeply promotional. Customer traffic was up for the year, which indicates we are gaining market share in this tough environment.We believe the retail environment will remain extremely difficult in the year ahead and we are taking a prudent approach in 2009.That said, our long-term vision to grow TJX as a global, off-price/value retailer remains unchanged.We are capitalizing on the flexibility in our business to take actions today that will help us weather the recession and posi- tion us well to emerge in an even stronger competitive position when times improve.
While our 2008 results were below our expectations for the full year, our performance exceeded our plans up until the fourth quarter, as the economy deteriorated suddenly and significantly.The economic downturn impacted retailers across the board, but
as the fourth quarter progressed, our off-price/value proposition continued to reso-
nate with customers and our consolidated comparable store sales were among the top of our retail peer group’s. Overall for 2008, net sales were $19.0 billion, a 4% increase over the prior year, and consolidated comparable store sales increased 1%. Net income from continuing operations was $915 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $2.01, a 4% increase over the adjusted $1.93 in the prior year.1 Overall, we grew total square footage by 4%, netting 123 stores to end the year with 2,652 stores.
One of the highlights of the year was that consolidated merchandise margins were up overall, despite the challenging consumer envi- ronment and over strong increases last year. Additionally, our A.J. Wright division, an important growth vehicle for our future, made great progress in 2008 and achieved profitability for the year. Further, our T.K. Maxx businesses
 
     Our extremely flexible business model enables us to respond swiftly to macro challenges.
in Europe performed extremely well in a very difficult retail environment. Our new HomeSense business in the U.K. got off to a solid start. Our stores in Germany outperformed our expectations, which is very encouraging for our growth prospects in Europe, considering that we believe Germany alone could support 250-300 stores in the long term.
conservative approach in 2009
We are taking a conservative approach in 2009.We are implementing actions in the short term to protect the bottom line in an uncertain economic environment that we believe also will position us to be even stronger in the long term.The three main planks of our strategy are to plan comparable store sales conservatively, run the business with very lean inventories, and eliminate approximately $150 million from our already low cost structure.
even smarter off-price buying
Establishing conservative comparable store sales plans forces inventory levels and ex- penses to be structured around this reduced sales expectation.To the extent that we exceed our plans, we will flow more profits to the bottom line. One key opportunity
to drive sales goes to the heart of our business and that is being even smarter off-price buyers. In a fiercely promotional environment, delivering great fashion and brands at extreme value is critical.We are placing an even greater emphasis on brands and buying even closer to need. Further, we are aggressively shifting more of our purchase dollars to off-price, closeout deals, which create excitement in our stores and the “WOW” factor that our customers love.We see our stores as the destination for moderate- to high-end
1 On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for Fiscal 2009 were $2.08 versus $1.68 in the prior year. Fiscal 2009 adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations exclude the positive impacts of a $.04 per share reduction to the reserve for the previously announced computer intrusion(s) and a $.03 per share benefit due to a tax-related adjustment. Fiscal 2008 adjusted results exclude an after-tax charge of $.25 per share related to the computer intrusion(s). Fiscal 2009 had 53 weeks.
3

  We believe that value is the place to be, in good as well as difficult times.
brands at low-end prices! The flexibility we have in our stores and distribution centers supports our off-price buying strategies. Our stores have no walls between departments, so we can expand and contract departments to take advantage of buying opportunities. Further, we have implemented greater efficiencies in our distribution network, which gives our buyers confidence to make closer-to-need buys, knowing the merchandise will flow to our stores when it is needed on the selling floor.
initiatives to drive sales
As always, we are taking intelligent risks to drive sales, which includes testing new merchandise initiatives and expanding those that are working.At Marshalls,The Cube, which we rolled out to over 280 additional stores in 2008, following successful testing in the prior year, is driving the Juniors business.This is exciting because attracting younger customers is a key to our growth. At T.J. Maxx, our expanded accessories departments continue to do very well and The Runway designer departments continue to help us attract upscale department-store customers in specifically targeted demo-
4

graphic markets.The continued success of our expanded footwear departments at Marshalls and Winners prompted our 2008 tests of the Shoe MegaShop by Marshalls in the U.S. and STYLESENSE in Canada.We opened just four stores between these two concepts in 2008, and in 2009, we will continue to test these concepts. If they continue to be successful, as we expect they will be, they represent two new growth vehicles for North America.Testing new merchandise initiatives is a key way to inject more excitement into our stores and develop ways in which to grow our business.
marketing: bolder message, bigger audience
We will be bolder in our marketing in 2009 through our new advertising campaigns, which will aggressively communicate our value message and educate customers about our off-price concept.We learned a lot from the testing and analysis that we conducted in 2008 and have found a strategy that we believe will simultaneously reduce our marketing spend and reach a broader audience in the upcoming year.We are looking forward to the launch of our first-ever national network television campaign, which means penetrating advertising markets for 35% of our store base where we have never before advertised on television.
tighter inventories, faster turns
Another major strategy of our conservative approach in this challenging retail environ- ment is to run our business with both leaner and even fresher inventories.We entered the year in a historically low and liquid inventory position. For our buyers, this means having “sweaty palms” and making more off-price
deals.We are flowing new merchandise assortments to our stores nearly every day and driving faster turns.We believe our stores look fresher than ever this spring, which sets us apart from many other retailers.We expect that managing with very lean inventories, combined with our initiatives to drive sales, will lead to even higher merchandise margins in 2009 while simultaneously offering truly excel- lent value to customers.
cost savings boost profitability
The third major strategy in our conservative approach in 2009 is lowering our cost structure by approximately $150 million to protect profitability. As part of our off-price business model, we have always operated with a low cost structure. How- ever, with the challenges of an extremely weak consumer environment, we have taken a hard
look at opportunities to improve efficiencies
and processes that will reduce our expenses
even further. Overall, these strategies were
 
well received when communicated to the organization, and Associates across the Com- pany are contributing new ideas for reducing expenses.The cost-savings measures span all areas of the organization, including a hiring and salary freeze and voluntary retirement program; store and distribution center efficiencies; the reduced marketing spend we mentioned earlier, and; driving savings in the procurement of non-merchandise supplies and services.These are just some of the actions that we are taking at this time and we hope they will be enough to endure the recession; that said, we may need to implement additional measures should the economic environment worsen. Importantly, we expect these actions will not only help protect the bottom line in the short term, but will also improve our cost structure for the long term.
growing our customer and vendor base
The volatile retail environment offers opportunities for us to grow our customer and vendor base for the future.With our value proposition, we are attracting new customers and gaining market share. Despite consumer weakness in 2008, we remained a shopping destination of choice. Even as the department and specialty stores reached historically high levels of promotions in the fourth quarter, we saw an increase in customer traffic at our stores. Our history tells us that when customers discover our values in difficult times, they continue to shop our stores when times improve.This is key, because even a slight improvement in the economy and capturing a piece of an increase in consumers’ discre-
tionary spending would be very meaning- ful for our business. Just as we attract new customers in tough times, this retail envi- ronment also is an opportunity for us to expand our vendor universe, which already numbers over 10,000 vendors and spans over 60 countries.We opened hundreds of new vendor doors in 2008, and establishing new vendor relationships remains a priority in 2009.TJX has some of the best vendor relationships in retailing and new vendors learn quickly that they like doing business with us.With a merchant organization over 600 people strong, we believe in support- ing our vendors and work hard to build longstanding relationships that are mutu- ally beneficial in the short and long terms. Broadening our purchase universe affords us even greater flexibility in sourcing product and allows us to offer an even wider selec- tion of brands for our customers.
 6

  We see ourselves today as the destination for moderate/high-end brands at low-end prices.
stronger competitive position
Unfortunately, many retailers already have gone out of business and many others will likely do the same. Consumer demand has decreased significantly, but fewer open retail stores creates an opportunity for our business.We believe this will be particularly true in the home fashions area, which should benefit HomeGoods and our other home businesses. Consolidation within retail also creates real estate opportunities that give us a tremendous advantage for the future both in the U.S. as well as abroad.The current real estate landscape is presenting unprecedented opportunities not only for new store locations, but also for relocating stores to more favorable locations and renegotiating leases on even better terms. For example, in the U.K., we are relocating some of our early stores to more desirable locations, and other locations that were previously unavailable to us are opening up for the first time.
7

     Our financial strength and flexibility are more important today than ever.
8
growth vehicles performing well
An important reason for our continued confidence is that the growth vehicles we have in our younger and smaller businesses are performing very well, despite the challenging economy.A.J.Wright gained significant traction in 2008.We have a better understanding of how to market to our A.J.Wright customers, are focusing on key merchandise catego- ries that are important for them, and have sharpened our values.The profitability of indi- vidual A.J.Wright stores dramatically improved in 2008, which bodes well for long-term investment returns.We will continue to be prudent in our approach to growth, but we believe A.J.Wright, with its large moderate-income customer demographic in the U.S., holds great potential for the future of TJX.
We continue to believe that being an international retailer gives us great advantages in the short and long term. Our new T.K. Maxx stores in Germany exceeded our expecta- tions in 2008 and are achieving financial results very close to those of our established stores in the U.K. and Ireland, which bodes well for our future growth in Europe.We also opened our first HomeSense stores in the U.K. in 2008 to positive customer response, which presents another vehicle for us to grow in Europe.We are the only major off-price retailer of any size in Europe, and believe we have major opportunities to grow
our Company there.
financial strength and flexibility
Our financial strength and flexibility have always been cornerstones of TJX’s success and have become even more critical in today’s economy. In this very uncertain economic environment, our approach is to manage our strong balance sheet and cash position to preserve financial flexibility.We have an “A” Standard & Poor’s credit rating, one of the strongest in retail, and ample financial liquidity, including the significant excess cash gen- erated by our strong operations. In 2008, we generated $1.2 billion from operations. After reinvesting in our businesses, we increased the per-share dividend by 22%, and bought back $741 million of TJX stock, which was less than we originally anticipated, as we took a more conservative approach to share repurchases in response to the economic crisis.

Our capital expenditures are planned at $450 million for 2009, which is $133 million less than last year.We have reduced our pace of store openings to net approximately
65 new stores overall in 2009, about half the number we opened in 2008, and have approached these plans very strategically.With these conservative plans, we will be maintaining our flexibility and keeping our powder dry to take advantage of real estate opportunities that we expect will become increasingly attractive as the year proceeds. Therefore, we may decide to open more stores, but we will see how the year progresses. We have slowed the pace at HomeGoods as we believe the competitive landscape will improve for this business as the recession eases over time.Although we will proceed prudently,A.J.Wright’s solid progress and improved results in 2008 give us the confi- dence to increase the pace of growth at this division and open the new market of Atlanta, Georgia, in 2009. As T.K. Maxx in Germany continues to outperform, we expect to open ten additional stores in that country by 2009 year-end.
We expect to repurchase approximately $250 million of TJX stock in 2009, which we may adjust up or down, depending on the economic environment.We remain com- mitted to returning value to our shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends, which we will balance with maintaining financial liquidity. In April 2009, the Board
of Directors approved a 9% increase in the per-share dividend, which underscores our confidence in the Company and its financial position.With our strong financial foun- dation and cash flow, we believe we are well positioned to respond to the challenges of this economy and take advantage of opportunities it may present.
global off-price retailer vision
While we are facing what is the worst retail envi- ronment this Company has ever seen, our long- term vision to grow TJX as a global, off-price/ value retailer is unwavering.This Company has held its own through three past recessions and we are confident that with our value proposition, we will remain a retailer of choice for customers in challenging times and build our customer base for the future.While our execution in the short term has shifted to accommodate the current retail environment, we have great confidence in this Company’s ability to weather these tough times and believe we will be in an even stronger competitive position in a smaller retail landscape when the recession is over.
 9

The flexibility and resiliency of our business model give us great advantages.We are developing new vendor relationships and taking advantage of real estate opportunities, which will benefit our business longer term. Our younger and smaller growth vehicles are performing well, domestically and internationally.We are taking actions in the short term to protect the bottom line and preserve our financial liquidity. Importantly, our financial strength underscores our confidence in our ability to manage through the recession and successfully grow TJX in the years ahead.
our gratitude
In April 2009, Donald Campbell stepped down from his position as Vice Chairman of TJX and will remain available as an Advisor to the Company. In his over three decades of dedicated service, Don served as Chief Administrative and Business Development Officer and prior to that, as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, a post he held from 1989-2004.With Don’s business acumen, in-depth knowledge of TJX and steadfastness, he has been a highly valued resource to our Company and has played a major role in the Company’s success.We will always be grateful for Don’s many years of tireless com- mitment to TJX.
In January 2009,Arnold Barron,who served in the role of Senior ExecutiveVice Presi- dent, Group President since 2004, retired. Over the past 30 years, Arnold has been an integral part of the culture, growth and success of our business. He was instrumental in the development and growth of T.J. Maxx and made significant contributions to each of our other businesses.We will miss working with Arnold and extend to him our sincerest gratitude, and wish good health and happiness to him and his family.
We have a management team and organization determined to manage through these challenging times and build upon opportunities for the future.We want to sincerely thank our 133,000 Associates for their hard work and dedication, especially in such dif- ficult times.The year 2009 will present many challenges, and we have great confidence that with this organization’s strong commitment and dedicated efforts, we will meet the challenges of the recession head on and grow successfully in the future.We extend our gratitude to our customers for their loyalty and patronage, and we also thank our fellow shareholders, vendors, and other business associates for their ongoing support.
Respectfully,
Bernard Cammarata Carol Meyrowitz Chairman of the Board President and
      10
Chief Executive Officer
