                                         To Our Fellow Shareholders:
Two thousand and five was a transitional year at The TJX Companies, and we believe we are in a stronger place today than we were a year ago. Since coming back into the leadership of the business last fall, our chief goal has been to drive profitable sales, with an emphasis on addressing the reasons why HomeGoods and A.J. Wright, in particular, have not achieved the returns we expected. We refocused the organization on the fundamentals of our off-price concept, removing dis- tractions to get back to the basic principles that made this Company great. In short order, we have found ways to improve execution at The Marmaxx Group, our largest division, and across our other busi- nesses. We have strengthened our strategic approach in many areas, including store opera- tions, marketing, real estate, and expense con- trol. We also have emphasized accountability and results, renewing the energy and entrepre- neurial spirit of our organization. Many of our actions began to take hold by the fourth quar-
ter, and we ended 2005 on a very strong note. For the year, total sales in 2005 grew 8% to $16.1 billion, and consolidated compa- rable store sales increased 2% over the prior year. Net income reached $633 million and diluted earnings per share were $1.29, on an adjusted basis, both excluding one-time items.1 Results for the first three quarters of the year
1 FY06netincome$690millionandEPS$1.41onaGAAPbasis,includingone-timeitems discussed in our FY06 Form 10-K totaling $57 million or $.12 per share.
  
                                        were disappointing, as generally, most divisions underperformed until the fourth quarter, when we improved execution and delivered significantly better results. Our weaker performance leading up to the fourth quarter was entirely a result of softer sales, as merchandise margins were healthy. One highlight for the full year is that A.J. Wright,
although not achieving our sales expectations, achieved profitabil-
ity in 2005, excluding stock option expense.2 Additionally, Winners and HomeGoods both generated double-digit segment profit 3 growth for the year. Overall, we grew square footage by 8% in 2005, netting 157 stores to end the year with a total of 2,381 stores.
We ended 2005 by achieving strong fourth quarter results that exceeded our expectations. Consolidated comparable store sales grew 3%, and total sales increased by 9% to $4.7 billion, both of which topped our plan.
  STRONG FOURTH QUARTER
Fourth quarter earnings per share increased
24% to $.46, on an adjusted basis excluding one-time items, outpacing our expectations.4 Pretax profit margins were well above our plans and improved signif- icantly over the prior year, supported by solid merchandise
margins and expense management. Virtually all of our divisions posted bottom-line perform- ance that either exceeded or was in line with our expectations, and every business improved its bottom line over the prior year. We believe that the strength of our fourth quarter performance is testimony to the power of our off-price concept and represents what this organization is capable of achieving going forward.
A major key to the success of our off-price concept has always been the unique treasure hunt experience of shopping our stores. Our fast inventory turns and great values compel cus- tomers to shop our stores frequently to see “what’s in.” A major priority since we have returned
2 A.J. Wright’s segment loss was $2.2 million in FY06 on a GAAP basis. Excluding stock option expense of $4.3 million (pursuant to SFAS 123R adopted in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year), segment profit was $2.1 million.
3 Segment profit defined as pre-tax income before general corporate and net interest expense.
4 Q4 FY06 EPS $.60, up 82% over Q4 FY05 EPS of $.33 on a GAAP basis. FY06 EPS includes income from one-time items totaling $.14 per share, while FY05 EPS includes one-time charges 3
 of $.04 per share.

                                         to the leadership of the business is renewing our focus on the basics of off-price buying, to ensure that we offer customers the new- ness and freshness that they expect every time they shop our stores
— what we call the “Wow!” factor.
For TJX, off-price value means more than low prices. We
define value as having four major components: fashion, brand, quality, and price. We are empowering our buyers to be greater risk takers, encour-
aging them to make more true off-price purchases, while flowing great values to our stores every day, every week. The longer our buyers wait before making a buy, the smarter they can be on cur- rent fashion and pricing trends. Better off-price buying
BETTER OFF-PRICE BUYING
translates to better merchandise margins. More importantly, however, these buys drive customer traffic. Customers return more frequently to see the excitement in our merchandise assortments, and the merchandise itself is more compelling, which results in more sales. Our flexible store for- mats support our off-price buying strategies, as we can easily expand and contract departments to feature the best brands and merchandise categories.
Our buying presence and vendor universe is a powerful combination in retail. We have over 400 buyers worldwide who source from more than 10,000 vendors in 60-plus countries. Our buy- ers are in the marketplace every week, with the negotiating leverage of our $17 billion “buying pencil.” We are encouraging our buyers to be creative in sourcing, opening new sources of prod- uct all the time by adding vendors and expanding our geographic coverage. Being creative also means pounding the pavement and exploring every corner of the marketplace for the best off- price buys. We have very strong, mutually beneficial relationships with our vendors, which provide all of our divisions leverage with the best-brand vendors.
Inventory management is a fundamental tenet of our off-price concept. However, it is important that, as an organization, we focus on the fact that inventory management is the means through which we execute our off-price buying strategies, not an end in itself.
  4

                                         By maintaining liquidity in our inventory position at all times, we remain flexible, able to buy close to need and into current trends. Further, we are extremely disciplined in taking markdowns in a timely fashion, which allows us to rapidly turn inventories at our
stores. We believe our customers recognize good value, and if an item
is not selling at the same rate as its category, we waste no time in mak-
ing room for fresh product on our selling floor that can sell at full
margin and brings newness and excitement to our stores.
Flowing great merchandise to our stores every week is critical to our off-price mission and is an important part of our inventory management strategy. Our distribution center net- work supports our inventory management and buying strate- gies and gives our buyers the confidence to buy close to need, knowing that product can move through our network
and to our stores quickly.
We believe that we must be more effective with our marketing strategies. In the fourth quarter, we upped the level of marketing across the board and
INVENTORY MANAGEMENT IS KEY
  were harder hitting in our
messaging. This approach helped drive customer traffic, contributing to above-plan sales and earnings results. We had a
A FOCUS ON MARKETING
bigger presence on television, radio, and in print, and shifted to a more direct style, advertising specific cate- gories and price points. This served us well during a
promotional holiday selling season.
5

                                         In 2006, marketing continues to be an important focus area. We have increased our marketing budgets across divisions and continue to work on communicating more effectively with our customers through our creative campaigns in order to remain competitive.
We also believe that driving profitable sales requires a more tactical approach to growth. At A.J. Wright and HomeGoods, we are now being more strategic in our real estate plans. In general, at these divisions, we spread our stores across too many geographic
  TACTICAL GROWTH
markets, making it difficult to operate or advertise as efficiently as we could. In 2006, we will open fewer stores, net- ting eight new stores at A.J. Wright
6
and ten new stores at HomeGoods, and plan to fill in markets that have been successful for
us. We also expect that this pause in the growth of A.J. Wright and HomeGoods will give these organizations a chance to focus on improving their core businesses. At Bob’s Stores, which we acquired in 2003, we plan to open one store in 2006, so that this organization can focus on improving its bottom line. We will not reaccelerate the pace of growth at these businesses until we have them on the right
track to profitable growth.
New stores at Marmaxx, Winners and T.K. Maxx continue to deliver strong performance and, in 2006, we plan to net 50 new Marmaxx stores, 21 new stores between Winners and HomeSense, and 15 new T.K. Maxx stores. Across the Company, we expect to expand square footage by 5% in 2006.

                                        Since assuming our new roles, we have removed distractions so that all Associates can focus on driving profitable sales. We also are encouraging intelligent risk taking among Associates,
 RESULTS ORIENTATION
particularly our buyers, asking them to think creatively and with an entrepreneurial mindset. Hand in hand with this is a strong emphasis on accountability and attention to detail, which has inspired a sense of urgency and motiva- tion in the organization. Throughout our organization,
we continue to develop and add talent to generate the flow of the freshest and best ideas in off-price retail. Associates across the Company recognize the expectations upon them to deliver results, as we all work towards achieving the Company’s goals, and there is a renewed energy throughout TJX.
Operating with a low cost model has been fundamental to our success since day one, as it gives us the ability to offer our customers great values. Our new stores require low cash investments and are typically profitable in their first year of operation. That said, we are deploy- ing our capital only in businesses and markets in which
we expect to see significant returns.
We have undertaken many measures to reduce costs as an
important way of driving profitable sales growth. We carefully reviewed staffing levels at our corporate and divisional offices, and made the difficult, but necessary, decision to reduce our work- force after year end by approximately 250 positions, about 100 of which were open positions not to be filled. In concert with this reduction, we reduced the salaries of 12 of our most senior executives, including ourselves, by 10%. In the aggregate, these moves will save the Company approx- imately $18 million annually. In 2006, we have reduced our capital spending budgets significantly, between opening fewer stores at certain divisions and our initiatives to manage capital spending across the Company. Prudent spending continues to be in the forefront of our thinking and cen- tral to our off-price concept.
  LOW COST STRUCTURE
7

                                        Our confidence in the success of TJX in the short and long term is grounded in our solid finan- cial foundation, which gives us the ability to simultaneously grow our Company and return
value to shareholders. Our strong operations generate significant
amounts of excess cash and our credit rating is among the highest in
the retail industry, assuring vendors and the real estate community of FINANCIAL our financial strength and stability.
We began 2005 with a substantial cash balance and generated an
additional $1.2 billion from operations. We reinvested $496 million in our business, repurchased $600 million of TJX stock, retiring 26 million shares, and increased the per-share dividend by 33%. In 2005, we completed the $1 billion share buyback program initiated in 2004 and our
Board of Directors authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program, reflect- ing confidence in the successful growth of TJX. Once again, we started a new year in an excellent financial position and we plan to repur-
chase $650 million of TJX stock in 2006.
We are pleased that many of the actions we took to improve perform- ance gained traction quickly and led to a strong finish for the year. As we begin a new year, our work continues. Driving profitable sales remains the top priority. We remain focused on the fun- damentals of our off-price concept and committed to continuing to improve execution. We also will continue our efforts to control and reduce expenses across the Company. We have opportunities in all of
POWER OF STRENGTH
  
                                         our businesses, including expanding our presence in successful categories such as footwear, jewelry and accessories, and improving performance at our smaller divi-
sions. All of our off-price businesses operate on the same
business platform, which is an important advantage for us, as T R A C T I O N we can share talent and initiatives across divisions. There’s a renewed energy among our Associates, and we are confident
that, with our determination and focus on results, we will achieve our goals and return value to our shareholders in 2006 and beyond.
In 2005, Ted English resigned as President, Chief Executive Officer and Director of TJX, a role in which he served since 2000. We would like to extend our sincerest gratitude to Ted for the signif-
GAINING
 icant contributions he made to the success of the Company in his more than two G R A T I T U D E decades of service to TJX, and wish him the very best for his future success.
Separately, we were pleased to welcome Amy Lane to our Board of Directors in 2005. Her substantial investment banking experience, with specific experience in retail and knowledge of TJX, complements the expertise on our Board.
As we begin a new year, we want to thank our dedicated Associates, who number approx- imately 119,000, our customers, our vendors and other business associates, and our fellow shareholders for their ongoing support.
Respectfully,
OUR
                                               Bernard Cammarata Chairman of the Board and Acting Chief Executive Officer
Carol Meyrowitz President
9
