At TJX, we have a solid, tested off- price concept, with great synergies among our divisions that allow us to lever best practices and our organiza- tional experience. Customers love the treasure-hunt experience of shopping our stores, which offer great values on a rapidly changing assortment of qual- ity, brand name merchandise, every day. Our off-price business model is basedonbuyingopportunistically,rap- idly turning inventories, a low cost structure, flexibility in distribution centers and store formats, and IT sys- tems unique to our off-price strategies. With our sights set firmly on the future, our solid track record of steady growth through both weak and strong economies supports our belief in our ability to continue to grow through different retail environments.We con- tinue to evolve and inject freshness into our more established divisions, as well as our younger ones, and we have confidence in the ability of our divi- sions to reach their growth potentials.
Our confidence in the short- and long-term success of our Company is grounded in our strong financial underpinnings. We have the ability to simultaneously reinvest in our busi- nesses, launch new initiatives, and continue to deliver excellent returns for our shareholders.With our extremely disciplined approach to investing capital, we make relatively smallinitialinvestmentsinnewstores, which typically reach profitability in their first year of operation and achieve returns on investment that are well above our cost of capital and highly attractive in the retail industry. Our credit rating is among the high- est in retail, assuring vendors and the real estate community of our financial strength and stability.
We have built our Company upon an extremely solid financial foun- dation, and as we look to the future, our financial strength supports our belief in the continued successful growth of TJX in the short and long term.
Growth Through Financial Strength
1

TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS: Excellentper- formance atThe Marmaxx Group,the internal combination of T.J.MaxxandMarshalls,whichrepresents70%ofourrevenues and 86% of profits, drove our solid results in 2004. Diluted earnings per share grew by 12%*, on a comparable basis, which was in line with our expectations.We began 2004 with the stated goal of improving comparable store sales increases, and we are pleased to have achieved a 5% increase on a consolidated basis, which was at the high end of our expectations.While results at our smaller divisions came in below our expectations in 2004, we believe we have identified the issues affecting them and are well poised to improve performance at those businesses in the year ahead. Overall, we grew square footage by 8% in 2004, adding 162 stores to end the year with a total of 2,224 stores.
RETURNING VALUE TO SHAREHOLDERS:
We achieved an after-tax return on average shareholders’ equity of 41%, while maintaining an excellent financial posi- tion.Two thousand and four marked the sixth consecutive year that we have delivered an after-tax return of 40% or higher, placing us in the top tier of the retail industry.Total sales increased by 12% to $14.9 billion over the 53-week fiscal period last year. Net income was $664 million and diluted earn- ings per share were $1.30, including the impact of a $.04 per share one-time, non-cash charge related to lease accounting. On a 52-week comparable basis and without the lease account- ing charge, this represents a 12%* increase, which was in line with our expectations.
In 2004, we began the year with a significant cash bal- ance and generated an additional $1.1 billion from operations. We reinvested $429 million in our businesses, repurchased $588 million of TJX stock, and increased our dividend sub- stantially.We continue to view our significant share repurchase program as an important method of returning value to share- holders. Once again, we started the new year of 2005 in an excellent financial position.
DIVISIONAL PERFORMANCE: The Marmaxx Group had an outstanding year, posting results that underscore our continued view of this major division as a growth driver for TJX.This division topped $10 billion in total sales, reach- ing $10.5 billion, and segment profit (defined as pre-tax income before general corporate and net interest expense) surpassed $1billion for the first time.
A chief goal for this division in 2004 was to drive com- parable store sales, and we are delighted that Marmaxx delivered a 4% comparable store sales increase for the year. Our major initiative to expand our jewelry/accessories departments atT.J.Maxx and footwear departments at Marshalls,which further differentiates these businesses, outperformed our expectations. Withourincreasedfocus,thesecategories,acrossbothT.J.Maxx and Marshalls, posted double-digit comparable store sales increases in 2004.Women’s sportswear was another strong category, as we benefited from a resurgence of women’s fashion trends during the year.The Marmaxx organization did a superb job of execut- ing our merchandising and inventory strategies, flowing fresh
2 *4% on a GAAP basis, including the $.04 per share lease accounting charge in FY2005 and the est. $.05 per share benefit of 53rd week in FY2004.
product to our stores at the right time for every season.We are also pleased with this division’s expense management in 2004. As we continue to bring newness and freshness into our most established division, we look forward to continued successful growth for Marmaxx in 2005 and beyond.
Winners and HomeSense, in Canada, continued to offer great off-price values on apparel and home fashions. Winners had a very solid first half of the year, fueled by strong trends in women’s fashions, followed by a disappointing second half and finish to 2004. Entering the second half of 2004 with exceptionally high comparable store sales increases, Winners overcommitted in its buying.When the Canadian retail environment turned very promotional,Winners took aggressive markdowns to clear inventory.We have implemented improvements to both the distribution center network and planningandallocationareatoensuremoreeffectiveinven- tory management.
HomeSense, which we launched in 2001 to bring the off-price concept to home fashions in Canada, is that country’s only off-price home fashions chain. HomeSense had a good year and continued to expand its store base into new markets. In addition to our HomeSense standalone format, our Canadian superstores, which combine a Winners and HomeSense, per- formed exceptionally well in 2004. Our Winners division continues to be a strong business, with excellent returns on investment, and we believe we are poised to improve results in Canada in 2005.
T.K. Maxx, the off-price leader in the U.K. and Ireland, had a solid year.Total sales surpassed $1 billion for the first time, in 2004, the same year that this division celebrated its 10th anniver- sary in business.T.K. Maxx delivered admirable results despite the difficult retail environment that prevailed in the U.K. through- out the year, with unusually harsh weather during the first half and one of the most promotional holiday selling seasons in manyyears.T.K.Maxxremainedextremelydisciplinedinman- aging its inventories and expenses, and significantly grew its segment profit.T.K. Maxx has done an excellent job of capital- izing upon various types of real estate opportunities, and we believe that the development of retail centers in city locations, where our stores are typically most productive, bodes well for our planstogrowT.K.Maxxin2005andbeyond.
HomeGoods is another concept that reached the $1-billion mark in total sales in 2004. However, we were disappointed with this division’s results for the year.While there was a general malaise in home fashions in 2004, we did not execute our merchandising strategies as well as we could have at this division. In the early part of the year, we missed certain opportunities in seasonal categories.We also moved our merchandise mix to be more upscale, a strategy that had worked very well for us until this year, when we took that strategy a bit too far against a weak environment for home fashions. As we begin a new year, we have addressed these merchandising issues and we are seeing positive customer response to our more balanced offer- ings.We have continued confidence in our HomeGoods concept, which, with its great, off-price values on rapidly

turning merchandise assortments sourced from around the world, remains truly unique in home fashions retailing.
A.J.Wright had a strong start to the year, but with soft sales for the balance of the year, top- and bottom-line results for 2004 came in below our expectations.A.J.Wright’s performance was hurt by a combination of a spike in gas prices, affecting its mod- erate-income customer base, coupled with a softening of demand for urban fashion, which had been benefiting the busi- ness. A.J. Wright managed admirably through this fashion reversal by modifying its merchandise mix, and sales began improving in the third quarter. However, in retrospect, we real- ize that when we opened 16 stores in the late fall, we put added pressure on the organization, which contributed to A.J.Wright’s weak finish for the year.To give this business time to catch its breath, we have slowed down its aggressive growth plan and expect to open 25 stores in 2005, with no openings scheduled for the fourth quarter.We also are looking at ways to reduce the cost structure throughout this business and are further conducting market analysis of this moderate-income cus- tomer, to learn how to better serve her.We believe that we are taking the necessary steps to ensure the success of A.J.Wright, and, with its huge, moderate-income customer demographic, that it holds great potential for the future of our Company.
Bob’s Stores made solid progress in its first full year as a TJX division.We significantly strengthened the Bob’s merchant organization, repositioned promotional activity, improved inventory management, fine-tuned product assortment, and tested a smaller store size. Our plan is to grow Bob’s Stores slowly and deliberately, taking the time to get the concept right before we roll it out aggressively. Long term, we view Bob’s Stores as a significant growth opportunity for TJX.
DEPTH IN MANAGEMENT: AtTJX,succession planningisatoppriority,andthecollectiveexperienceofour management team in off-price and at TJX, which can be measured in centuries, gives us confidence that we have the right team in place to support our goals for growth. In 2004, Ernie Herrman was promoted to succeed Carol Meyrowitz as President of The Marmaxx Group from his position as Chief Operating Officer of that division. We extend our sincere gratitude to Carol for her many years of tremendous service to our Company and our very best wishes for her future suc- cess. Ernie brings 15 years of merchandising experience and broad leadership to his new post at Marmaxx as we pursue the many exciting growth opportunities that lie ahead for our largest division. Succeeding Ernie as Chief Operating Officer of Marmaxx is Jerome Rossi, who had been President of HomeGoods since 2000.With this appointment, we are tap- ping Jerry’s previous and extensive operational experience with the Marmaxx organization.We are indeed fortunate to have a seasoned Group President in Alex Smith, who provides continuity and leadership for both Marmaxx and HomeGoods.
In January 2005, Richard Lesser, who served in the role of Senior Corporate Advisor since 2001, retired. Dick has been an integral part of the culture, growth and success of TJX forthepastquarterofacentury.HewaspromotedtoPresident
of T.J. Maxx in 1986 and led the The Marmaxx Group as President from 1995 to 2001. We are delighted that Dick continues as a member of our Board of Directors, and look for- ward to his continued, valued involvement in that role.
We were deeply saddened by Stanley Feldberg’s passing. A founder of our predecessor company, Zayre Corp., in 1956, Stanley served as its President until 1978 and remained with the Company as a Director until 1989. He was a member of various corporate and nonprofit boards and was a great philan- thropist. Regularly attending our annual meetings with his wife, Theodora, up until the time of his death, Stanley will be missed by all who knew him.
CONFIDENCE IN FUTURE GROWTH: Wemade a commitment at the outset of 2004 to embark in new direc- tions and drive comparable store sales growth. A year later, we are pleased to have delivered, achieving our highest consoli- dated comparable store sales increase in the last five years. In addition to expanding categories at our Marmaxx,Winners and T.K. Maxx divisions, we entered the online retail arena, launchinge-commercesitesforourT.J.MaxxandHomeGoods divisions.While these e-commerce sites represent a small piece of our business today, we believe the online channel will become increasingly important to TJX in the long term. In sum, we are confident that The Marmaxx Group will continue to be a major growth driver for TJX and, although we were disappointed with the results of our smaller businesses, we are also confident that the lessons learned in 2004 create oppor- tunities to improve performance in 2005 and beyond.We have significant growth potential at every division of the Company and continue to target a 15% compound annual growth rate for earnings per share over the long term.We plan to grow sellingsquarefootageby8%in2005andtonetanadditional 161stores,andultimatelygrowtoover4,400storeswithour current portfolio of businesses. Finally, our very strong finan- cial position continues to serve as a foundation upon which to grow in 2005 and beyond.
We thank all of our dedicated Associates, who now number approximately 113,000, our customers, our vendors, other business associates, and our fellow shareholders for their ongoing support.
Respectfully,
Bernard Cammarata
Chairman of the Board
Edmond J. English
President and
Chief Executive Officer
   3
