To our fellow shareholders:
The year 2011 marked another
great year for our Company. The
power of our extraordinary values on ever-changing assortments of current fashions and great brands continues to resonate with our loyal customers and attract new ones. In 2011, for the third consecutive year, we ended the year with significant increases in customer traffic. Since opening the first two T.J. Maxx stores 35 years ago, our successful growth through so many years demonstrates the ability of our flexible business model to perform in virtually all kinds of retail and economic environments. In 2011, we ran our business with even leaner store inventories, which drove faster inventory turns and strong merchandise margins, and we believe we have further opportunities in this area.
It is a fair question for our investors to ask, “What’s next?” We are excited to lay out what we believe the future holds for TJX as we grow toward becoming a $30 billion, then $40 billion, company and beyond! We enter a new year with tremendous momentum
In 2011, net sales reached $23.2 billion, up 6% over the prior year. Consolidated comparable store sales grew 4% over last year’s 4% increase. Income from con- tinuing operations rose to $1.5 billion. Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing oper- ations were $1.99, up 14% over the prior year’s significant double-digit increase.1 The year
2011 marks the 16th consecutive year of earnings per share growth on a continuing operations basis. Overall, we netted a total of 46 additional stores to end the fiscal year with 2,905 stores, and we grew total square footage by 2%. (Excluding the impact of A.J. Wright store closings and consolidations, square footage increased 4% in 2011.)
Raising the Bar to Continue Momentum
We are convinced we will continue to attract more U.S. and international customers with our extra- ordinary values and believe that value will remain a top priority for consumers. While we have substan- tially added to our customer base and widened our already broad demographic reach, our data indicates that in the U.S. alone, our market penetration is still well below that of most department stores, which translates into tens of millions of untapped U.S. consumers. Beyond the U.S., we see vast opportunities in Europe and Canada. In Europe,
we are the only major off-price retailer and believe we can trade in a very wide demographic range, and in Canada, we have substantial growth potential through Marshalls.
We will also raise the bar with even more powerful market- ing to gain new customers. During the 2011 holiday season,
 for 2012 and the long term. momentum, we must raise the bar in executing our mission throughout our business, striving to maximize all of the elements of our flexible business model that have made this Company great. Importantly, we are proud of our ability to invest for the long term while simultaneously driving strong, consistent sales and earnings growth.
To continue this
 2

 more U.S. and international customers
more powerful marketing
we increased our advertising impressions by 30% to over one billion. Our tri-branding campaign for T.J. Maxx, Marshalls and HomeGoods worked very well as did our dual-branding advertisements for T.J. Maxx and Marshalls. In 2012, we plan to further increase our advertising penetration, leverage our global marketing abilities, and aggressively engage consumers through social media, educating them about our current fashions and exciting values.
One of our favorite sayings is that our brilliance is in our brands. We will be working to make our best brand penetration even better with more brands. We firmly believe that our frequently changing mix of great brands at great prices differentiates us from other retailers. The flexibility of our off-price model allows us to offer consumers an exciting selection of apparel and home fashions that is virtually an entire mall in a single store!
We believe we have some of the best vendor relation- ships in the retail industry, yet we are constantly working to make our current relationships even stronger and to forge new ones. We have been extremely successful in opening the doors of many more vendors over the last several years and believe adding vendors helps us gain even greater flexibility in sourcing. We have built a flexible, value- driven, global sourcing machine over the last 35 years. Our vendor universe now numbers over 15,000 and our buying organization is over 700 people strong.
A major factor in our confidence in sustaining our top- and bottom-line growth is our belief that there is still significant opportunity for operating with leaner and even faster-turning inventories. Our distribution network and inventory planning systems are highly efficient, allowing us to tailor our merchandise mix for particular regions and customer preferences. One of our major areas of investment in 2012, which is discussed below, will be in supply chain precision. As effective as our supply chain is, we believe we
 3

 
  more brands
more vendors
can become even more precise in delivering the right goods to the right stores at the right time.
Exciting store locations, both within the U.S. and internationally, have helped widen our demographic reach and customer appeal. We are capitalizing on advantageous real estate opportunities to open stores in very favorable locations and believe we will continue to do so. In 2011, we were extremely proud to see our T.J. Maxx banner hanging across the front of the New York Stock Exchange (see photo on page 10) in honor of our T.J. Maxx store opening on Wall Street!
Our store remodeling program and in-store initiatives have been very successful in offering our customers an upgraded shopping experience. With our enhanced amenities, customers have found shopping in our stores much more enjoyable. In 2012, we plan to net 150 new stores, growing square footage by 5%, and remodel stores throughout the Company to continue to make shopping in our stores a truly great experience.
U.S. and International Growth Opportunities
Our vision to grow TJX to be a global, $40 billion value retailer is as clear as it has ever been. Our Company is comprised of a focused portfolio of four large divisions, which we believe all have very appealing short- and long-term economics, and together represent tremendous growth potential for TJX in the U.S. and internationally. Our businesses operate as “one TJX,” sharing best practices, information, ideas, and talent across divisions. With over 2,900 stores today, we see the potential to grow to up to approximately 4,500 stores long term, representing what we believe to be our potential with just our current portfolio of businesses in our current markets alone.
Marmaxx achieved another year of outstanding performance in 2011 with a comparable store
 5

 sales increase of 5%, on top of
substantial increases in each
of the two prior years. Segment
profit surpassed $2 billion, up
11% over the prior year and nearly
double what it was three years
ago! With Marmaxx’s continued
outperformance, we are very
confident in our potential to grow
Marmaxx to 2,300–2,400 stores
long term. Marmaxx has significantly widened its customer demographic reach in the past three years and has been very successful in moderate- income markets. Another factor in our confidence is Marmaxx’s new store performance over the last three years, which has been extraordinarily strong!
HomeGoods also delivered excellent performance in 2011. Comparable store sales grew 6% over 6% and 9% increases in each of the two prior years, respectively, and HomeGoods’ segment profit has increased five-fold in the last three years! HomeGoods is becoming a more and more powerful brand, and we now believe that we have the potential to grow this chain to 750 stores, 150 more stores than we previously envisioned. Further, HomeGoods’ new store performance has been outstanding over the last three years. We still have over 100 markets in the U.S. where we operate a T.J. Maxx or Marshalls without a HomeGoods store, which speaks to our growth opportunities for this chain.
vehicle in that country. Long term, we see the potential to grow TJX Canada overall to approximately 430 stores, with Marshalls being a 90–100 store chain.
At TJX Europe, we slowed growth in 2011 to refocus the organization on the fundamen- tals of our value proposition and
we ended the year with a very strong finish. We began 2012 with strong momentum and are confident this business is back on its solid track. Importantly, our customer traffic increases in the fourth quarter of 2011 tell us that our combination of great fashions, brands, quality and price is once again resonating with consumers. Our European team has learned a lot, and while we plan to proceed prudently with growth, we remain as confident as ever in our vast growth opportunities in Europe. Long term, we see the potential to expand our store base to 750– 875 stores with our existing brands in our existing markets alone.
Investing for the Future
Beyond the growth catalysts we have in our current portfolio, we view e-commerce as a major opportunity for TJX. We envision a marriage between our stores and the web and plan to lever our $23 billion brick-and-mortar business and 700–person buying organization to increase our customer base and add
incrementally to our top and bottom lines over time. We also plan to capitalize on the over 4 million average total monthly visits to our brand websites. The more we learn, the more convinced we are of the huge opportunity e-commerce can be for TJX. That said, being the conservative company that we
TJX Canada’s results through 2011 were disappointing, but we were pleased to see this division regain its momentum by the end of 2011 and start the new year off well. We have a strong team in place and they are ready to move forward in 2012. Our launch of Marshalls in Canada in 2011 was very successful and we are thrilled to have another growth
the third quarter of
 6

 faster- turning inventories
supply chain precision
are, we have factored very little top-line benefit into our long-range growth model at this juncture. We will take our time to do it right and make it profitable, and while we have not announced our timing yet, we are very excited about this growth catalyst!
In 2012, some of our other major investments will be in supply chain and infrastructure. As we mentioned earlier, we are working to make our supply chain even more precise, through enhanced systems capabilities. We will also be investing in a distribution center to service our U.S. western region that we anticipate will open in 2013, the first distribution center we have added to our TJX network in the U.S. in about 10 years, even with the growth we have achieved over that period.
Another important investment area will be our TJX University to develop talent and the future leaders of our Company. As TJX grows, so must the organization. Developing the talent to take TJX to the $30 billion and then $40 billion level, and beyond, is key to our future success.
Importantly, while we are investing for the future, we are maintaining our expectations for earnings per share to increase at a compound annual rate of 10%–13% over the next three years, which assumes annual consolidated comparable store sales growth of approximately 2%. To help fund our investments and drive profitability and returns to shareholders, we will continue with our cost control measures. In 2011, we exceeded our plans to reduce expenses and are planning cost reductions in the $50 million–$75 million range in 2012.
Financial Strength Gives Us Confidence
Our flexible business model enables us to deliver superior financial returns for shareholders that are among the highest in retail and generate enormous amounts of excess cash. Our “A” Standard & Poor’s credit rating is one of the strongest in retail, which
 7

 
  exciting store locations
upgraded shopping experience
is important to our vendors, landlords and other business associates. In 2011, we generated $1.9 billion in cash from operations and spent a total of $1.4 billion to repurchase TJX stock, which was more than we originally planned, retiring 49.7 million shares, and increased the per-share dividend 27%. In early 2012, we split the stock two-for- one, reflecting our confidence in our future. Since our last stock split in 2002, TJX’s stock price has more than tripled.
In 2012, we intend to continue our significant share buyback program, with approximately $1.2 billion– $1.3 billion of repurchases planned for the year. Further, our Board approved an increase in the per-share dividend of 21% in April 2012, which represents the 16th consecutive year of dividend increases. Over this period of time, the Company’s dividend has grown at a compound annual rate of 23%. These actions underscore our confidence in our ability to continue to deliver significant increases in sales, earnings, and cash flow, and generate superior financial returns.
Always About Value
Looking ahead, as we raise the bar in executing our off-price mission, we will always be about value. Value has been our mission for 35 years – to offer great value through our four pillars of great fashion, brand, quality and price. We continuously strive to stretch the boundaries of our off-price business model and take intelligent risks to offer consumers even greater value. We begin a new year with great momentum and are excited about our global growth prospects and investments to support them. As we grow, our commitment is to always be about value in the short and long term.
 9

 Our Board of Directors and Our Gratitude
We would like to gratefully acknow-
ledge the dedicated service of
Fletcher “Flash” Wiley and David
Brandon, both of whom stepped
down as members of our Board
of Directors since our last letter.
Flash, a Director since 1990, and
David, a Director since 2001,
made significant contributions to
our Company during their many years of service. We wish them and their families the very best for future success and good health.
We welcome Zein Abdalla to our Board of Directors. Zein brings extensive knowledge of European and other international consumer markets that we believe will be an important complement to our Board and support our growth strategy in Europe. We are delighted that he has joined our Board and look forward to working with him.
We would like to extend our gratitude and wish continued success to Paul Sweetenham, who served as Senior Executive Vice President, TJX Europe, since 2007, and decided to leave the Company earlier this year. Paul joined TJX in 1993 and under his leadership, T.K. Maxx built its brand and presence in Europe and HomeSense was launched.
We sincerely thank our approximately 168,000 Associates, whose hard work and dedication have made our 35 years of success possible. Our entire organization is motivated to grow TJX to be a $40 billion company and beyond. Of course, we are very grateful to our loyal customers for their continued patronage. We also thank our fellow shareholders, vendors and other business associates for their ongoing support.
Respectfully,
investing for the future
always about value
      Bernard Cammarata Carol Meyrowitz CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
1 All earnings per share and share amounts reflect the 2-for-1 stock split which occurred in February 2012. On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations in fiscal 2012 increased 17% to $1.93 from $1.65 in fiscal 2011. Adjusted earnings per share exclude the negative impact of $.04 per share in fiscal 2012 and $.11 per share in fiscal 2011 from the previously announced A.J. Wright consolidation and store closings and $.02 per share in fiscal 2012 from costs related to convert and grand re-open certain former A.J. Wright stores into other TJX banners, as well as a $.01 per share positive impact in fiscal 2011 from an adjustment to
10 the provision for costs for the computer intrusion(s) that occurred over five years ago.
