 WE BELIEVE THAT COMBINING OUR EXCEPTIONAL ENGINEERING WITH A BEST-IN-CLASS CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE DIFFERENTIATES TIMKEN AND WILL ADVANCE OUR MARKET LEADERSHIP POSITION.
 TO OUR VALUED SHAREHOLDERS:
2016: A YEAR OF PURPOSEFUL PERFORMANCE
Inside some of the most advanced vehicles and complex industrial machinery, products from The Timken Company perform reliably and efficiently, delivering value for our customers around the world. By collaborating with customers to solve their equipment design challenges, we develop the most innovative product solutions in the marketplace. We apply our capabilities across diverse markets, customers and applications. From agriculture to aerospace, our brands and products continue to be among the most trusted by those we serve.
Timken’s strategy – centered on market outgrowth, operational excellence and capital deployment – is focused on creating value over industrial economic cycles, as evidenced in our 2016 results. Our commitment to this strategy delivered historically strong earnings and cash flow despite very difficult global industrial market conditions.
In 2016, revenue declined by approximately 7 percent
to $2.7 billion, and our adjusted EBIT margin came in at
9.6 percent, reflecting solid performance at lower volume levels. Protecting margins was a challenge, but we continue
to deliver better results with each cycle, a testament to our improved operating capabilities and growing portfolio.
The Company achieved adjusted earnings-per-share of $1.97, which was $0.02 above the midpoint of the earnings outlook we provided at the beginning of the year. We also increased our dividend payout to $1.04 per share and extended our consecutive dividend streak to 378 quarters.
Looking more closely at our business segments, Mobile Industries 2016 sales were $1.45 billion, down just over
7 percent, with adjusted EBIT margin of 9 percent. And our Process Industries business delivered $1.22 billion of sales, down almost 7 percent, with adjusted EBIT margin of
14.2 percent. In both segments, the industrial recession
drove year-on-year declines in commodity-related sectors including oil and gas, mining, metals and agriculture, as well as adjacent sectors such as rail and heavy truck. In response to these headwinds, we took actions to reduce costs and protect margins, while still investing in our business.
2016 Annual Report 1

   While 2016 marked the second consecutive year of soft industrial markets, we gained share in targeted sectors including wind, automotive, rail and industrial distribution. Our efforts also created a larger pipeline of new customer applications and organic growth initiatives that will yield gains in 2017 and beyond.
MARKET OUTGROWTH:
A PORTFOLIO BUILT TO PERFORM
Throughout the year, we applied our technical expertise to respond to our customers’ friction management and mechanical power transmission needs, from reducing fuel consumption to increasing the power density of equipment designs. Doing so is fundamental to our customer-centric approach to innovation and leads to creating new, differentiated Timken product solutions.
The Timken portfolio today features three major categories – engineered bearings, mechanical power transmission products and industrial services. While bearings remain our core product line, we continue to broaden our offerings through acquisitions, adding adjacent products and services that diversify our portfolio and expand our reach across markets, geographies and into the aftermarket.
Over the last five years, we have added many new product categories and services to our portfolio, including gear
drive manufacturing and repair; chain; electric motor repair; lubrication delivery systems; industrial belts; and most recently, a full line of couplings through the acquisition of Lovejoy.
Lovejoy is an excellent strategic fit, operating in many of the same North American markets and aftermarket channels
as Timken. This business will provide many exciting growth opportunities as we increase its presence in the aftermarket and with original equipment manufacturers. During the year, we also acquired EDT, a manufacturer of polymer housed units and stainless steel ball bearings used widely by the food and beverage industry, and successfully integrated the belts business we acquired in 2015, which is now going to market as Timken Belts.
Through acquisitions, we diversify our end-market revenue to improve our growth, margins and cyclicality. Looking forward, we see opportunity for additional M&A activity while remaining disciplined with our financial hurdles. We have the right management team and operating model in place to add value in the bearings and mechanical power transmission space.
2 The Timken Company

 As we grow our business organically, we will leverage and strengthen our global leadership position in tapered roller bearings to expand across a broader portfolio of products and markets. Our DeltaX initiative will help fuel this effort, driving organic growth in bearings by expanding our original equipment application share, aftermarket presence and bearing product range.
Since launching DeltaX three years ago, we have introduced hundreds of new growth initiatives. We launched new products and created custom solutions for our customers, expanded our sales presence, invested in new digital selling and engineering tools and increased our product and technology resources. We head into 2017 with a healthy pipeline of opportunities and strengthening aftermarket demand to create significant revenue opportunities for the Company.
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE:
PERFORMANCE WORLDWIDE
We continued our push in 2016 to create a more efficient Timken Company. Once again, we had an excellent year for
safety and upheld our industry-leading customer service and quality levels. We drove enterprise-wide lean and continuous improvement efforts, creating a more cost-effective global manufacturing footprint and supply chain. Overall, we reduced costs by more than $100 million compared with 2015.
Our new manufacturing facility in Romania will be complete in the first half of 2017, providing an expanded bearing product offering and new process capabilities. As we strive to make
the most effective use of Company assets and resources to competitively serve our customers’ needs, we also expanded our manufacturing capabilities in the United States, China and India, and completed planned bearing manufacturing closures in the United Kingdom and South Africa.
With roughly 45 percent of our revenue generated outside of the U.S., we continue to build our global presence to support our growth objectives. We added to our sales infrastructure in emerging markets, including the Middle East, Northern Africa, Southeast Asia and Latin America. As of year-end, we employed more than 14,000 associates across 28 countries.
2016 Annual Report 3
 WE APPLY OUR CAPABILITIES ACROSS DIVERSE
MARKETS, CUSTOMERS
AND APPLICATIONS. FROM AGRICULTURE TO AEROSPACE, OUR BRANDS AND PRODUCTS CONTINUE TO BE AMONG THE MOST TRUSTED BY THOSE WE SERVE.
 
  GREATER PERFORMANCE AHEAD
We expect to see strengthening in our end markets throughout 2017 and are well-positioned to deliver even greater shareholder value into the future. Today and tomorrow, Timken remains a compelling investment. We have an attractive end-market mix, a differentiated business model and a sound strategy, which has yielded solid performance in a down-market environment and will allow us to achieve new record levels of performance as markets improve.
We continue to compete relentlessly to win our customers’ business as we pursue our vision of being the global leader in bearings and mechanical power transmission. We believe that combining our exceptional engineering with a best-in-class customer service experience differentiates Timken and will advance our market leadership position.
Fundamental to our success is our people, with the talent inside of Timken remaining our most important investment. All of the value we create within our customers’ organizations and for our shareholders starts and ends with our associates.
We thank our associates, directors, shareholders and customers for their support and teamwork throughout 2016 and we look forward to seizing opportunities and tackling the challenges that lie ahead.
Sincerely,
RICHARD G. KYLE
President & Chief Executive Officer February 21, 2017
 4 The Timken Company
