TO OUr ShArEhOLDErS:
TODAY, ThE TiMKEN COMPAN Y
STANDS STrONG, WiTh ANOThEr YEAr OF PErFOrMANCE AChiEvEMENTS ThAT UNDErSCOrE ThE MAGNiTUDE OF OUr TrANSFOrMATiON.
   Augers, new
to the Timken
product portfolio,
strengthen the B world’s most
respected heavy
equipment and
consumer brands.
OVER THE LAST DECADE, WE SHARPENED OUR STRATEGIC FOCUS AND
GREW PROFITABLY WITH A MORE ATTRACTIVE PORTFOLIO. OUR EVOLUTION EXPANDED OUR FIELD OF VISION FROM A RELATIVELY NARROW PRODUCT VIEW WITH SOMEWHAT LIMITED GEOGRAPHIC BREADTH TO A TRULY GLOBAL ENTERPRISE, OFFERING A MORE ROBUST PRODUCT PORTFOLIO ORGANIZED AROUND RAPIDLY GROWING, DIVERSIFIED INDUSTRIAL MARKETS.
WE CONTINUE TO APPLY OUR ENGINEERING KNOW-HOW, BUT TODAY CREATE SUBSTANTIAL AND SUSTAINABLE VALUE IN COUNTLESS NEW WAYS.
FOR OUR CUSTOMERS AND OUR SHAREHOLDERS ALIKE, TIMKEN WORKS DILIGENTLY TO PROVIDE RELIABLE PERFORMANCE WITH EXCELLENT PROSPECTS FOR ONGOING GROWTH AND STABILITY, DESPITE THE INEVITABLE SWINGS IN THE GLOBAL ECONOMY.
y nearly every measure, 2011 stands out as a banner year for Timken. We delivered record
results, recovering from the downturn faster than any other time in the company’s history. By August, our earnings surpassed all previous years, and we ended the year by setting new records on many fronts: sales, gross profit, net income and earnings per share, as well as in safety, productivity, shipments and customer service.
We experienced unprecedented demand, particularly for our Steel business, which stands distinctly apart from other steelmakers. Our ability to produce custom-designed steels used in demanding mechanical applications flows from our metallurgical prowess and unparalleled know- how. This allows us to differentiate components and systems with strength where it matters. More than half of our specialized steel products cannot be competitively
replicated elsewhere in North America.
The company’s new revolutionary ADAPT bearings feature a unique design that provides optimal ease of installation, reliability and performance for metal-industry manufacturers.
 2

Our financial results tell the story of the transformed Timken Company: We achieved record sales of $5.2 billion in 2011, up 28 percent over last year, far outpacing the broader economy. igniting growth in diverse industrial markets around the world, we increased our Process industries sales by expanding our portfolio with many new products and capabilities. We also drove aftermarket sales to an all-time high, beating by nearly
7 percent the previous record set in 2008.
in 2011, we pursued numerous strategic opportunities,
investing in resources to serve the high demand and expanding
in the critical markets of energy and infrastructure development.
in particular, we focused on opportunities where Timken
outperforms the competition: in the most challenging
applications and harshest environments, from deep within the Earth to the outer reaches of the universe. The more extreme the engineering challenge, the more grueling the conditions, the more value our customers find in Timken.
That value drove record earnings. in 2011, we earned $4.59 per diluted share, which raised our operating income margin to a high of 14.1 percent of sales.
The company grew bigger and also substantially stronger. Significant improvements made across our supply chain allowed us to drive more to the bottom line and manage working capital more efficiently. With higher cash-generation capacity, we supported strategic acquisitions
and expansion for profitable growth, while also addressing our legacy pension and retiree medical obligations.
GrOWiNG AND PErFOrMiNG BEYOND ExPECTATiONS
Mobile Industries achieved a record 13.7 percent operating return on $1.8 billion in sales. Despite our concern that some automotive contracts were drawing to a close, we ultimately retained customers and replaced foregone business with a more profitable mix of opportunities in
growing markets.
Ward J. Timken, Jr., chairman (left), and James W. Griffith, president and chief executive officer
Product Sales
Tapered Roller Bearings Spherical Roller Bearings Cylindrical Roller Bearings Housed Units
Other Bearings Services
Non-Bearing Products
   56%
          2011
In 2000, 96 percent of the company’s Process Industries sales were from tapered roller bearings. Since then, Timken tripled the segment’s sales and dramatically diversified its product portfolio.
 3

 $292M $76M
iNvESTED iN DEPLOYED iN DiviDENDS ACqUiSiTiONS TO ShArEhOLDErS
 Drives business
brings significant expertise in precision- engineered chain
and related products, especially among global equipment manufacturers in agricultural and food processing.
Process Industries achieved record financial performance with sales of $1.2 billion and an operating margin of 22.6 percent. Throughout the year, we seized opportunities to enhance this business through investments in new products and acquisitions and expanded sales in Asia by 24 percent over the prior year.
in Aerospace and Defense, late-cycle recovery finally gained traction toward the end of the year although overall sales remained weak. Despite this year’s lackluster performance, we remain confident about the business’ underlying strength and future prospects. Leveraging the downturn, we have rationalized resources and set a solid foundation for future growth.
Our Steel segment delivered strong performance with sales of $2 billion and a 13.8 percent operating return on sales. To serve record demand — particularly in the energy and machinery sectors — we took steps to strategically allocate resources across our manufacturing base to satisfy these customer requests.
Across the company, efficient business processes and more cost-effective operations directly attributable to our new enterprise system allowed us to successfully serve customers in diverse industries around the world. For example, although we continued to leverage working capital, we ended the year with aftermarket product availability greater than 95 percent, a key performance
metric for the distribution channel.
in 2011, we also redeployed cash to shareholders with $76 million in dividends, an increase of 48 percent over 2010, and $44 million in share repurchases. in addition, we invested $292 million in acquisitions and another $205 million in capital improvements. We also continued to fund the company’s pension and post-retiree medical plans, contributing $401 million.
iNvESTiNG iN GrOWTh
The acquisitions Timken made in the past year broaden our portfolio with capabilities that complement our core product lines. Specifically, we added two companies that present Timken with ripe opportunities for diversification and global expansion:
• In July, we acquired Philadelphia Gear Corp.,
a leading gear-drive services company, offering a diverse range of industrial and marine
gear services.
• In October, we added Drives LLC, a manufacturer of engineered chain, roller chain and conveyor augers, complementing Timken’s established capabilities.
  In high-speed
and high-torque environments, Philadelphia Gear® components and services consistently offer resilience.
The world’s energy, infrastructure and marine industries rely on Timken to design, manufacture and maintain complex gear drive systems that power the world.
4
 
  21% 21,000
iNCrEASE iN TEAM MEMBErS SALES iN ASiA STrONG
 At the same time, we continued to invest in new product developments and expanded
operations across our businesses. During the year, we introduced scores of new and
customized products, including specialized steel products and a wider selection of sizes for energy and industrial customers; extensions of our popular new line of spherical bearings; UltraWind Seals for wind turbines; and our innovative ADAPT bearings that increase
ease of maintenance in metal caster operations.
Capital expenditures in 2011 included $95 million in improvements
at our Canton, Ohio-based steel plants for new finishing and forging technologies. Bearing operations in the U.S. and Europe also benefited from numerous smaller investments designed to improve productivity and streamline customer service and logistics.
Our business in Asia likewise continued to grow, with sales up
21 percent, establishing a new record of nearly $570 million.
We invested there as well, allocating more than $50 million in capital expenditures to support that expansion. We also added numerous sales and customer-service locations across China and the ASEAN region, including new footholds in indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand and vietnam.
DELivEriNG PErFOrMANCE
Across our organization, 21,000 team members in 30 countries consistently deliver on our steadfast promise: to make the world more productive by improving the efficiency and reliability of the machinery that keeps industry in motion. Every day, our products assist in the delivery of food, water, energy and safe transport to people around the world. We are proud to be part of the industrial engine that drives economic progress in developing countries and mature
markets worldwide.
Thanks to the hard work of our global team, Timken now performs at a higher level and stands ready to withstand the changing economic winds. We deeply appreciate the trust and investment of Timken customers, distributors and shareholders everywhere, and remain committed to delivering exceptional performance at every turn.
Ward J. Timken, Jr. James W. Griffith
Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer
More than half of its specialized steel products cannot
be competitively replicated elsewhere in North America.
   February 17, 2012
5
