 FINANCIAL SUMMARY
CONTINUING OPERATIONS
(Dollars in Millions)
 OPERATING DATA
2014
2013
Net Sales
$ 3,076.2
$ 3,035.4
Gross Profit
898.0
868.4
Adjusted EBIT*
375.6
329.2
Adjusted EBIT Margin*
12.2%
10.8%
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities
281.5
292.8
Capital Expenditures
126.8
133.6
Free Cash Flow*
154.7
159.2
  SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
 Adjusted EPS*
2.55
2.06
Dividends
1.00
0.92
  KEY RATIOS
 Net Debt to Capital*
12.9%
1.7%
Adjusted Return on Invested Capital*
11.5%
9.7%
                TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURNS** 5-Year Annualized, Ending Dec. 31, 2014
DIVIDENDS PER SHARE
$1.00
    18.1% 15.4%
S&P 500 S&P 400 Industrials
REVENUE
Dollars in Billions
$3.3 $3.4
22.4%
Timken
$3.0 $3.1
$0.53 2010
$0.92 $0.92 $0.78
2011 2012 2013 2014
           $2.8
$2.01
$2.07
   2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014
*See Appendix on last page for reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP equivalents. **Total Shareholder Return for the Company was calculated on an annualized basis, assumes quarterly reinvestment of dividends and takes into account the value of
TimkenSteel common shares distributed in the Spinoff on June 30, 2014.
ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE* $3.04 $3.06
$2.55
 TO OUR VALUED SHAREHOLDERS:
The Timken Company of 2014 stands as a different company than it was just a year ago. We have concluded a period of strategic realignment, the core of which was the multi-year reshaping of our portfolio and the spinoff of our steel business. We have emerged a stronger, more focused Timken, performing at higher levels for customers and shareholders alike.
We are focused on the fundamentals. That means a decisive management team, operational excellence, global growth and solid margins. We are committed to our customers and to identifying and solving their most complex friction management and power transmission needs.
For the year, Timken revenues were $3.1 billion, up modestly from 2013. We fell short in achieving our aspirations for top-line growth, yet the company’s profitability and overall performance improved significantly over 2013. Operating margins were
12.2 percent, with adjusted EBIT of $376 million. We increased adjusted earnings per share by 23 percent over 2013 by improving our mix and reducing our cost structure. We returned $360 million of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our 92 years of uninterrupted quarterly dividend payouts remains one of the longest on the New York Stock Exchange. Our cash flow and balance sheet are strong. Our global pensions are essentially fully funded and we continue to take actions designed to reduce risk in this area. Company shares closed up for the year at $42.68, representing share price growth of 8.3 percent and a market capitalization increase of $110 million compared to 2013.

A FUNDAMENTAL FOCUS
Stronger and leaner
than before, we
have more to
achieve together.
business. We launched DeltaX, a multi-year initiative to accelerate growth that includes redesigning our product management, engineering and business systems resources. This drives product development to commercialization more efficiently, so we can better meet customer needs.
We invested in talent to expand our geographic reach in 2014, adding key resources to our sales and marketing teams. To serve our customers in a more coordinated and efficient way, we also opened our new World Headquarters in North Canton, Ohio. This facility brings our product and business management teams together with engineering, research and product development, allowing us to engage collaboratively and more easily share complex product knowledge.
Many have contributed to our success this year and we thank you – our shareholders, directors, customers, communities and especially Timken associates – for your support. Stronger and leaner than before, we have more to achieve together.
Sincerely,
Richard G. Kyle
President & Chief Executive Officer March 2, 2015
1
   In 2014, our Process Industries business grew sales 10 percent over 2013 and has now achieved a compound growth rate of 12 percent since the 2009 recession. The business delivered an EBIT margin of nearly 20 percent and is well-positioned to continue its growth trajectory at this level of performance. This year we also concluded the final stages of our Mobile Industries portfolio changes. As a result of this seven-year process, Mobile Industries is generating excellent returns and is now positioned to begin to grow. To spur better performance within Aerospace, we integrated it within our Mobile Industries business. While still early, we have already begun to see improvements from this segment reorganization.
Midyear, we spun off our steel business as an independent company. Doing so allowed us to fully focus on our global bearings and power transmission business. We completed this work on time and within our planned budget, all without interruption to our core business or customers.
During the year, we transitioned leadership and quickly developed a cohesive, action-oriented and aligned management team
who shares a clear vision of our priorities: excellence, growth and knowledge-based product leadership. The team launched several new growth initiatives, improved operating margins and delivered solid returns to shareholders.
We also pursued a number of strategic acquisitions, introduced new products, expanded existing product lines and won new
 
FOCUSED LEADERSHIP 2
 Strong + Ready
An exceptionally strong executive leadership team sharpens Timken know-how with deep experience across specialties – from manufacturing to finance to technology. Each member of this team brings a seasoned understanding of our proven engineering approach, the customers we serve and where
we must win. They are focused on a singular destination: reliable global growth across our diversified markets, driven by operational excellence.
Aligned + Driven
With company strategy clearly articulated, the Timken leadership team manages for disciplined execution across businesses, operations, markets and geographies. This year the team invested in sales initiatives to advance organic growth meaningfully in
the future and positioned Timken to continue 2014’s progress in
sectors such as wind energy and in emerging markets such as China. Combined, their efforts provide the fuel for Timken to deliver future growth and value. Whether at the edges of space or at the borders of an emerging economy, the Timken leadership team is focused on engineering what comes next.
Clear + Decisive
Markets emerge larger than ever. Needs develop faster than ever. Customers demand solutions sooner than ever. Winning
in this environment requires moving at the speed of opportunity. This is where the Timken team thrives – in the midst of complexity. Throughout 2014, Timken leadership set clear priorities, took more decisive actions and moved with greater velocity. We did this because our customers value it, our shareholders expect it and our mission demands it.
Winning in this environment requires moving at the speed of opportunity.
 With CEO Richard Kyle, company officers Philip Fracassa, executive vice president and CFO; Christopher Coughlin, executive vice president and group president; and William Burkhart, executive vice president, general counsel and secretary, work together to turn the promise of Timken into the performance shareholders expect.

JOHN M. TIMKEN, JR.
Chairman, Board of Directors, The Timken Company
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Timken Company of the future came sharply into focus in 2014. We see exciting times ahead, filled with opportunities to prove and realize our full value. We have reached this important time because of the remarkable leadership and vision of
those who preceded us. Both Jim Griffith, who retired as president and CEO midyear, and former Chairman Ward J. “Tim” Timken, Jr., as much
as anyone in Timken history, set a course for what this company can truly be and the value we can create.
We recognize and thank former Directors Phillip Cox and Diane Creel, who assumed seats on the
new steel company board. And we welcome our newest Directors Maria Crowe, Christopher Mapes and
Ajita Rajendra, who bring
an enormous wealth of experience and fresh perspective to our boardroom.
Our Board of Directors is energized by the work that lies ahead. The world through which we now navigate is more complex and connected
than ever, making it more unpredictable. The Timken Company, though, is steady, strong and sure. What we know today will change what we make tomorrow, ensuring we remain a vital part of industry around the world. We will continue to be guided by our founding vision and philosophy, removing friction and smoothing the progress of business.
John M. Timken, Jr. Chairman
3
    JOHN A. LUKE, JR.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, MeadWestvaco Corporation
JACQUELINE F. WOODS
Retired President, AT&T Ohio
WARD J. TIMKEN, JR.
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President, TimkenSteel Corporation
FRANK C. SULLIVAN
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, RPM International Inc.
JOSEPH W. RALSTON
Retired General, USAF;
Vice Chairman, The Cohen Group
JOHN M. TIMKEN, JR.
Chairman, Board of Directors, The Timken Company
RICHARD G. KYLE
President and Chief Executive Officer, The Timken Company
AJITA G. RAJENDRA
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, A. O. Smith Corporation
JOHN P. REILLY
Retired Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Figgie International
CHRISTOPHER L. MAPES
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc.
MARIA A. CROWE
President of Manufacturing Operations, Eli Lilly and Company
