To Our Shareholders
2008 was a year of extremes. The Timken Company achieved its highest highs in numerous financial
measures, including sales, earnings and cash flow. Still, we were not immune to the economic crisis
that hit last year, weakening investor confidence in the entire stock market. Shares of Timken fell
dramatically – 40% for the year. We were far from alone as most public companies experienced similar
sharp drops in share price.
The story of the global economic crisis continues to be written, and it will have an ongoing impact on
Timken and our customers. Even so, it’s important to highlight both the outstanding results we achieved
in 2008 and the strategy model that has positioned us to deal with today’s uncertainty in world markets.
SETTING RECORDS
In 2008, sales reached a record $5.7 billion, up 8% over the previous year. Income from continuing
operations was a record $267.7 million, 22% higher than in 2007, with earnings at $2.78 per diluted
share. We generated a record level of cash flow, allowing us to pay down debt and strengthen
our balance sheet.
In the first nine months of the year, we seemed unstoppable. We leveraged strong global industrial
markets and executed our strategy to reposition the company for more profitable and diversified
industrial growth. Then in the fourth quarter the turbulent world economy changed all the rules. One of
the benefits of being a 110-year-old company is our experience in navigating through good times and
bad. This gives us confidence in our ability to weather current economic circumstances. What grounds
us today, and will lead us through an uncertain tomorrow, is our multiyear strategy to both grow and
optimize our business. It was the basis for many of our accomplishments in 2008, which included:
A STRONG BALANCE SHEET.
We lowered our net debt-to-capital ratio
from 26.1% to 23.6% by year-end, reflecting our conservative financial philosophy and gaining
important flexibility.
INVESTMENTS FOR THE FUTURE
We completed investments in sectors
and regions with the best prospects for long-term, profitable growth. They include industrial
aftermarkets, aerospace, energy and further expansion in China and India.
STREAMLINED WAYS OF WORKING
We improved our operational
effectiveness. The third installation of our Project O.N.E. initiative was completed, streamlining
global business processes and information systems. We also drove improvements through a
Lean Enterprise initiative. The combination of these efforts allowed us to lower inventories in
the fourth quarter while achieving high levels of customer service.
GREATER VALUE
We made significant progress in shifting more business to
opportunities where we can create greater value in the products and services we provide
and achieve better returns. Despite the economic downturn, we will continue these
efforts in 2009.
FINANCIALLY STRONG FOR
CHALLENGING TIMES
As the depth of the economic crisis became clearer, we took further actions to optimize our
performance. We curbed expenditures and investments and curtailed operations. We intend to
maintain our tight control on expenses and operate in a lean fashion to preserve profitability
during this period of weak demand.
Timken remains financially strong, with ample liquidity and stability to manage through these
current economic challenges. Our balance sheet is healthy. We have committed credit facilities
of $675 million, with no material debt obligations due for repayment in 2009. Moody’s upgraded
Timken’s credit rating in 2008 to Baa3, joining Standard & Poor’s in placing an investment grade
rating on company debt.
With our confidence in the company and our commitment to returning long-term value to
shareholders, we increased our dividend in the third quarter. The past year marks our 86th
consecutive year of paying dividends to Timken shareholders.
A STRATEGY FOR LONG TERM
VALUE CREATION
Our strategy model takes a two-pronged approach. We grow in specific industrial markets and
geographies by offering differentiated products and services that create value throughout the total
lifecycle of applications. We optimize performance by further transforming our business portfolio
and improving execution across the enterprise.
Over the past several years, we have diversified Timken beyond our historic core lines of bearings
and steel. We now operate in a broader cross-section of industrial products, which gives us access
to a greater share of the attractive aftermarket in aerospace, heavy manufacturing and mobile
industry market sectors. Concurrently, we have divested businesses prone to high cyclicality or
commoditization. These moves have made us a better company. Given the current economic
environment, we are increasing our focus on optimization while carefully selecting opportunities
to grow in targeted sectors.
As a result, we are:
GROWING IN AEROSPACE
Sales have doubled in the past three years.
In this industry, we can deliver greater value to our growing customer base by developing
products and services beyond our traditional bearing offerings, in both original equipment
and aftermarket sectors. In recent years, we expanded into transmissions, gears and
rotorhead systems for helicopters and engine components for fixed-wing aircraft. In 2008,
by acquiring assets from EXTEX Ltd., we added nearly 600 aircraft
engine replacement parts to our existing portfolio of 1,400 qualified
parts. Our newly opened facility in Chengdu, China, positions us to
become a leader in this rapidly growing commercial aerospace market
with a variety of high-performance bearings and other components.
EXPANDING IN ASIA
Since 2002, our sales in Asia have
grown more than two and a half times. Our investments in industrial
bearing capacity in Asia have positioned us to supply the needs of these
markets. Asia is projected to account for 50% of the world bearing
market by 2015. As China and India become more industrialized, their
need for steel, power generation, cement, transportation systems and
construction equipment will grow, creating opportunities to support
this infrastructure development.
GROWING IN HEAVY INDUSTRY
We have
targeted as key growth areas the heavy industries that support
infrastructure development. We have installed new capacity and
expanded distribution capabilities in Asia. Newly opened plants in
China and India will serve these industrial markets. Further, we created
an innovative distribution venture in China, providing a unique channel
to supply top-quality replacement power transmission products to
end users there.
GROWING IN ENERGY APPLICATIONS WITH MORE DIVERSIFIED PRODUCTS
Helping us expand market share in the energy sector are offerings
such as advanced tapered roller bearings from our new factory in
Chennai, India; a rapidly growing line of spherical bearings from our
new factory in Wuxi, China; and heavy steel products from our Faircrest
mill in Canton, Ohio. With our 2008 acquisition of Boring Specialties in
Houston, Texas, we gained additional custom products for oil and gas
exploration.
In 2008, we announced plans to expand our Tyger River plant in
Union, S.C., to support wind energy applications. Another plant under
construction in China is part of our wind energy joint venture with
Xiangtan Electric Manufacturing Co., Ltd. The new company will help
China meet growing demand for alternative energy by using advanced
technology to make bearings for large-scale wind turbines. Renewable
energy is an emerging technology where Timken®
bearings can play a
significant role in improving reliability.
DIFFERENTIATING IN MATURE INDUSTRIES
Investments in existing Timken facilities are helping to distinguish our
capabilities and diversify our portfolio in more mature industries. We
completed expansions of thermal treating capabilities and a new small bar
mill in our Canton, Ohio, steelmaking facilities. We now offer the widest
variety of custom engineered high-quality forging bars in the industry.
OPTIMIZING OUR PERFORMANCE
During 2008, we focused on improving
customer service and achieved strong results. Now, we have turned our focus to freeing cash by
reducing the level of inventory needed to run the business. We continue to make improvements in
such critical areas as managing workplace safety and quality control. We expect to complete the
rollout of the Timken Quality Management System at all facilities worldwide by the end of 2009.
LOOKING AHEAD
Two long-serving members of the Board of Directors will retire in May. Joe Toot began his relationship
with the company in 1962 and served as an officer for 30 years, including several years as chief executive
officer and 18 years as president. Joe has been a director for more than four decades, and his counsel
has been invaluable. His long and successful record is a testament to his outstanding leadership
throughout the company’s history. At our request, Joe stayed on the board beyond the normal retirement
age to assist in analyzing several strategic issues. Now, his work complete, he has chosen to retire, and
we will feel his absence for a long time to come.
Bob Mahoney has been a director since 1992, serving on the Audit Committee and as chairman of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee in recent years. With his leadership, the company
made tremendous progress in strengthening its governance practices.
Both Joe and Bob leave with our gratitude. We shall miss them and wish them the best in their
future endeavors.
While 2009 promises to be one of the most challenging years in our history, we are well-positioned to
manage through the rough spots. Our new enterprise is sharply focused on delivering greater value
for all our stakeholders.
To our associates worldwide, we extend our thanks for your dedication in delivering record results in
2008. Nice work.
To our shareholders, we appreciate your continued investment and confidence in Timken. Rest
assured that we are aligned with the right strategy, and we expect to emerge from this economic
downturn a stronger and more resilient companany