In 2006, we embarked on one of the most sweeping series of changes in the history of The Timken Company.
The path we have charted is intended to improve the creation and delivery of both customer and shareholder
value– and enhance our leadership position in selected market spaces. With the assistance of strong
markets and dedicated associates, we have made meaningful progress in transforming our company and value
proposition. We delivered a strong financial performance in 2006, despite rapidly declining demand
from North American automotive customers. We entered 2007 better positioned to grow and to consistently
achieve
stronger
profits.
In
2006, we set a number of performance records and improved our balance sheet.
• Net sales reached $5 billion, reflecting continued high demand in energy, aerospace, heavy
industrial and aftermarket sectors.
• Net income per diluted share was $2.36, among the highest in
Timken’s107-year history. Supporting this result was exceptional
performance in our steel business with record sales, profits and productivity.
•
Our actions strengthened the balance
sheet significantly, with the net debt-to-capital ratio dropping to 25.2 percent,
down from 30.5 percent.We improved leverage even with significant capital expenditures
to support our growth initiatives and contributions of $243 million to fund our domestic
pension plans.
•
Across the company, we made major changes in our portfolio, growing in focused
areas, exiting non-strategic businesses and restructuring to improve effectiveness.
•
Around the world, Timken employees rededicated themselves to improving execution,
achieving record levels of safety performance and making significant advances in
customer service. Timken is becoming a better company.
We have a more balanced portfolio, and we are better positioned to proceed with the
next step in our transformation.
We are moving forward confidently, focused on increasing shareholder value
by strengthening our leadership in chosen markets. Investing in growth 
Our growth efforts are focused in Asia and in specific markets where we have a
demonstrated ability to create customer value and, therefore, expand profitably. These
include investments in our core businesses and in extending the Timken brand into new markets
where we can leverage our capabilities to improve customers’ performance. We added manufacturing
capacity in the aerospace and heavy industry segments of our business, with the most
comprehensive program of new plant investments in our history. We expanded bearing capacity
at five North American and European sites, opened a new spherical bearing facility in China
and broke ground on three more Asian facilities. We expect these investments to position
us for leadership in these markets. More than capacity, we are building additional
capabilities in our aerospace business, which is growing at a compound annual rate
exceeding 25 percent. We completed two small acquisitions and opened a new Aftermarket Solutions
headquarters in Mesa, Arizona, as we strive to better serve customers over the lifecycle
of our products. We expect to continue to look for acquisitions that
create value for customers and shareholders. In Asia, our presence continues to grow.
In addition to manufacturing facilities, we have opened new distribution facilities, sales
offices and training centers across the region. We ended the year with 4,400 associates
in Asia, nearly 18 percent of our worldwide total and up 25 percent from
the prior year.
Improving Our Portfolio
In 2006, we made a concerted effort to improve our corporate portfolio, shifting our
emphasis to segments where we can provide differentiated value for our customers. We
divested businesses with sales totaling $482 million, freeing management attention and
financial resources to pursue important strategic initiatives. By selling our Latrobe
Steel subsidiary in December and our European precision steel components business earlier
in the year, we exited segments where we have been unable to achieve consistent levels
of profitability. This allows us to focus our steel investments in places where we can provide
differentiated capabilities. We also divested our automotive steering business in December,
as part of the automotive structural changes aimed at focusing in areas where we can be
rewarded for customer value creation. We thank our associates in those businesses for their
efforts over the years and wish them well with their new companies. We made solid progress
on restructuring activities across the corporation, as we transform ourselves to be
more effective and more consistently profitable.
• In our automotive business, we are on track to achieve $40 million in savings by2008
through our restructuring program, with closures complete at two facilities and closure
or downsizing under way at three more facilities. An additional workforce reduction program
begun in 2006 is on target to deliver $35 million more in savings by 2008.
Actions taken in 2006 reduced Automotive Group employment by approximately 16 percent.
• In our steel business, in addition to the divestitures previously described,
we announced plans to exit steel tube manufacturing in the United Kingdom.
•In our industrial business, we have continued to benefit from strong market demand, which
has slowed our efforts to rationalize our Canton, Ohio, bearing facilities as we respond
to this favorable market dynamic. These actions are critical steps in improving the
ongoing profitability of the company.
Increasing Differentiation
Across the company, we are investing significantly in the capability
to create unique value for our customers:
• Steel investments will increase the size range of our engineered alloy forging bar to the widest
range in the industry– from one inch to 15 inches. We also expanded our capability for specialized heat-treating
and extended our range of precision steel components.
• In our automotive business, we launched new value-added applications worth more than $170
million, while exiting other applications that were not profitable.
•
We extended the range of our industrial aftermarket products and services, adding a new line of large
bore seals and multipoint lubricators.
Improving Capabilities
Beyond our investments to leverage specific market opportunities are a series of initiatives that
are all aimed at constructing a foundation for the company’s future. Technology is the lifeblood
of Timken, and we spend nearly $60 million annually for research and development in areas
where we can create real value. Of more immediate impact is Project O.N.E. (Our New Enterprise),
an initiative aimed at redefining how business will be conducted in the future– and
employing an IT infrastructure that better supports our business systems. We completed a
pilot launch in our Canadian operations in July 2006 and plan to complete our first major U.S. implementation
in 2007. During 2006, we added valuable expertise to the governance of the company. John P. Reilly
was elected to Timken’s board in July and brings extensive experience in both industrial and
automotive sectors. We welcome him and value his counsel.
Boldly Moving Forward
The pace of change at Timken is intense. Our investments in new capacity, growth opportunities and
restructuring initiatives, when combined with the fall in demand from North American automakers,
had an impact on our 2006 financial results. Taking the longer- term view, we believe we made the
right choices for redefining Timken to provide better prospects for growth and consistent profitability.
The considerable equity we have built in the Timken brand continues to differentiate us from our
competitors. We are leveraging the strength of our brand to grow the business, both organically
and through acquisitions. We believe Timken is well-positioned for the challenges ahead. The course we
have charted is shaped by an unyielding commitment to managing for value creation. It is a transformational
course that we believe will lead to a stronger focus on industrial markets, a more global presence
and to unprecedented levels of sustainable and profitable growth. We thank you for your continued confidence
and investment in The Timken Company, and we look forward to crossing new territory together in 2007.
Ward J. Timken,
Jr. James W. Griffith
Chairman President
and
Chief Executive Officer