$5.42 $4.94

$4.16

$3.43 $2.92

Marc N. Casper President and Chief Executive Officer
'09 '10 '11 '12 '13

Dear Shareholder:

Adjusted EPS* Growth (in dollars)

The past year was nothing less than outstanding for Thermo Fisher Scientific. I'm pleased to report that we met or exceeded our financial goals and continued to make significant progress in meeting our ongoing commitments to our customers and our employees. Furthermore, we did so in a global economy that continued to challenge our customers and test the determination of our teams. But we didn't let that get in our way. We made solid plans, we executed very well and we remained intensely focused on our customers to help them achieve their goals.

Consistently Delivering on Our Financial Commitments
During my past four years as CEO, I've stressed among our teams the importance of credibility. It means doing what we say we're going to do regardless of the environment we're operating in. We have established a reputation for operational excellence, and 2013 was a great example of how we leveraged this capability to deliver a year for which we can be incredibly proud. Once again, we clearly demonstrated what it means to be The World Leader in Serving Science. With sequestration in the United States, the steep decline in value of the Japanese Yen and a slow economic recovery in Europe, 2013 brought its share of challenges. Our customers felt the effects, and it had an impact on some of our businesses. But we effectively managed our costs while staying focused on meeting our customers' needs to drive growth. As a result, our revenues for the full year grew by 5 percent to a record $13.09 billion.

*Adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating margin, adjusted operating income and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see the accompanying consolidated statement of income on pages 6 and 7 of this annual report.

2013 Annual Report | 1

Four Complementary Segments*
Analytical Instruments

18 %
Specialty Diagnostics

19 %

BUSINESS SEGMENTS

37%

Laboratory Products & Services

26 %
Life Sciences Solutions

On the bottom line, we expanded our adjusted operating margin by 50 basis points, and we did so while continuing to invest for a bright future. Our strong performance here was the result of two factors. First, we continued to deliver strong productivity through the operational discipline ingrained in our PPI Business System. Second, we closely monitored the environment and responded by implementing solid contingency plans to offset headwinds that emerged during the year. Thanks to outstanding operational execution by our teams, we delivered a record $5.42 of adjusted earnings per share (EPS) in 2013, for 10 percent year-over-year growth. This performance extended our long track record of delivering strong growth in adjusted EPS, demonstrating that we not only meet our commitments, but that we do so consistently, year after year. We have also consistently deployed capital to create shareholder value, whether we're funding opportunities that meet our strict criteria for strategic M&A or returning capital in the form of buybacks and dividends. In 2013, we saw the opportunity to strengthen our company by acquiring Life Technologies. This acquisition squarely meets our three criteria. First, it strengthens our strategic position by creating an unrivaled leader for research, specialty diagnostics and applied markets. Second, it expands our offering by bringing together complementary technologies for our customers. Third, as a combined company, we will have even stronger cash flow and adjusted EPS growth, resulting in attractive returns for our shareholders.

Attractive Revenue Profile*

Diagnostics & Healthcare

25 %
END MARKETS

27 % & Biotech

Pharma

Industrial & Applied

21%

27 % Government

Academic &

Services

13 %
Instruments, Equipment & Software

Focused on Our Customers to Accelerate Growth
There are many ways to measure success, and meeting our financial commitments is an important component of our annual goals. But for Thermo Fisher, one of the most important metrics is our Customer Allegiance Score (CAS). It tells us how well we're meeting our customers' expectations for quality, order fulfillment and service, among others, and is a leading indicator of our future growth. Since we implemented this process and metric five years ago, we have continued to increase our CAS every year and set a new record in 2013. In today's environment, our customers expect more from us, and the insight we gain from their feedback is invaluable. As the world leader, we set the highest standards for ourselves and our businesses. We continuously use our PPI Business System to make improvements so we can build on our customer allegiance and strengthen our company overall. Our customers' needs define our growth strategy, which is based on developing innovative technologies, expanding in high-growth emerging markets and strengthening our unique customer value proposition. We carefully manage our costs so we can continue to invest in these three elements and position our company as the unrivaled leader in our industry. We had many examples in 2013 of the significant progress we are making in driving growth.

26 %

PRODUCTS

61%
Consumables

ROW Asia-Pacific

18

4%
%

GEOGRAPHIES

51% North

America

27
Europe

%

*Percentage estimates are based on unaudited FY 2013 combined revenues of Thermo Fisher Scientific and Life Technologies. Percentages calculated in the segment chart are based on estimates for intercompany eliminations and other accounting policy adjustments.

2 | Thermo Fisher Scientific

Technology Innovation
An ongoing commitment to innovation is essential to advancing our industry leadership, and we had another strong year in developing new high-impact Thermo Scientific products across our portfolio. All were great examples of how we innovate to fulfill our mission, which is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Among the highlights, it was an exciting year for advances in our analytical instruments business, and our new Orbitrap Fusion Tribrid mass spectrometer took center stage. We combined the "best of the best" Thermo Scientific mass analyzers ­ our flagship Orbitrap, our linear ion trap and our triple quad technologies ­ to develop an entirely new class of instrument. Since its mid-year 2013 launch, the Orbitrap Fusion has been rapidly adopted by customers who require faster and deeper analysis of proteins to accelerate life sciences research. For our customers working in applied markets, such as food safety, forensics and pharmaceutical QA/QC, we further enhanced our mass spectrometry portfolio during the year with our new Quantiva and Endura triple quadrupole systems. We also strengthened our highly successful iCAP elemental analysis platform with the new iCAP 7000 for environmental markets. In chromatography, we launched a significant upgrade of our gold-standard Chromeleon data system, which gives our customers the ability to control their mass spectrometry and chromatography systems on a single data platform. In bioproduction, we launched a new single-use bioreactor to improve productivity during biopharmaceutical manufacturing. Finally, in specialty diagnostics, we introduced new tests and immunoassays to improve patient care. One example is our Brilliance GBS test, which is now available in Europe for rapid identification of Group-B Strep to protect the health of newborns during delivery. Every year, at least one of our products is recognized on the R&D Magazine list of the top 100 technologies. But in 2013, five of our Thermo Scientific products made the list, including the TruNarc handheld drug detector, the iS50 and iCAP Q spectrometers, along with the Dionex ICS-4000 system and the Easy-Spray LC-MS accessory from our chromatography portfolio. We are clearly a company that is committed to innovation, so we can constantly strengthen our offering for our customers and gain market share.

Thermo Fisher is a company that constantly innovates to help customers push the boundaries of scientific research.
At Harvard Medical School, for example, exciting progress is being made in protein research using mass spectrometry analysis. In a recent collaboration, Harvard established the "Thermo Fisher Center for Multiplexed Proteomics" to accelerate the discovery of new treatments for disease, such as cancer. Using Thermo Scientific Orbitrap mass spectrometry systems, including the new Fusion Tribrid launched in 2013, researchers can run parallel experiments for faster and deeper analysis of proteomes and up to a twofold increase in low-level protein identification. Our protein reagents and kits are used in the workflow as well to improve the accuracy of results. Harvard is also offering training courses for the scientific community to increase the use of these important new methods and tools for advancing life sciences research.

Emerging Markets
Turning to our second growth driver, emerging markets, we made excellent progress building on our leading presence in these high-growth regions. Throughout 2013, our teams in China again performed extremely well, delivering 20 percent growth for the year. We've continued to invest to strengthen our R&D, manufacturing and commercial capabilities, including a $10 million expansion of our China Innovation and Technology Training Center

2013 Annual Report | 3

in Shanghai. This new center significantly enhances product engineering and development to meet the specific needs of our Asia-Pacific customers. It also provides the capability for us to train several thousand customers every year in the use of our analytical instruments and other technologies. This is an example of how we use our scale and depth of capabilities to differentiate Thermo Fisher in the region and meet the growing demand for better healthcare, cleaner air and safer food supplies. As China's population expands toward tier two and three cities in the Western Provinces, we continue to see many new opportunities to broaden our scope. For instance, a major Chinese manufacturer turned to Thermo Fisher last year to help ensure that the food it supplies to its large employee population is safe.

Thermo Fisher's unique customer value proposition, which is supported by its premier brands, is a key differentiator
in the markets we serve. Major pharmaceutical and healthcare companies rely on Thermo Fisher's scale and depth of capabilities to significantly increase laboratory productivity. Their goal is to make resources available for the important work at hand, whether they're developing new drugs or improving healthcare. One example is a leading provider of diagnostic testing services. We provide this customer with a range of Thermo Scientific clinical diagnostics and microbiology products. We have also helped to simplify the ordering process through our Fisher Scientific channel. In addition, this partnership fuels important scientific exchange through technology forums and collaborations on exciting new opportunities. By working closely with this customer to understand their challenges and goals, Thermo Fisher continues to strengthen the relationship to create a win/win dynamic.

We also made great progress in 2013 in our efforts to expand in other emerging markets, such as Brazil and South Korea. These high-growth geographies will continue to be a key element of our emerging market strategy going forward.

Value Proposition
The third element of our growth strategy is our unique customer value proposition, which is supported by our four premier brands ­ Thermo Scientific, Life Technologies, Fisher Scientific and Unity Lab Services. We partner with our customers to help them effectively leverage our depth of capabilities to achieve their goals. This approach has resonated especially well with our customers in pharma and biotech, where our combination of scientific expertise, comprehensive laboratory products offering, channel capabilities and clinical trials logistics services helps them to be more competitive. As a result, these accounts have consistently grown well above the company average. We continue to target new accounts, and we're excited about the additional growth opportunities this represents. With the acquisition of Life Technologies, which we completed in early February 2014, our customer value proposition has become even stronger. In the largest transaction for our company since the merger that created Thermo Fisher Scientific, we added nearly $4 billion of revenue, 10,000 new colleagues and one of the world's leading life sciences research brands. This combination is even more compelling when you consider the value it creates for our customers and how perfectly it aligns with our growth strategy. In technology innovation, Life Technologies adds important new life sciences research products, such as genomics and next-generation sequencing. Our combined R&D budget is now by far the largest in our industry, at more than $700 million. Life Technologies also fortifies our presence in high-growth emerging markets, including China, South Korea and Brazil. In China alone, we now have a business with more than $1 billion in revenues and an outstanding team of 3,800 colleagues. And with the addition of Life Technologies' substantial e-commerce and cold chain capabilities, we are the ultimate partner for our customers.

4 | Thermo Fisher Scientific

Enhancing Our Culture to Become World's Most Admired
Turning to our employee goals, I always remind our colleagues that as our company grows, we can never lose sight of who we are as individuals and as a global team. Our 4i Values of Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement connect our employees globally. At Thermo Fisher, our values have always been much more than just words. They're the foundation of our culture and are essential for us to achieve our long-term vision to become one of the world's most admired companies. They are the guiding principles that drive our teams to be the best they can be, and inspire our leaders to be role models. To use Involvement as an example of our commitment to our values, I'm proud of the great work we're doing to give back to the communities in which we live and work. Through the Community Action Councils we've established at our larger sites, employees continue to log thousands of volunteer hours at local charities and schools. In keeping with our commitment to STEM education (science, technology, engineering and math), we established a scholarship program with some of the world's leading academic institutions to support students who are pursuing a STEM degree. These initiatives complement our existing philanthropic activities, such as our matching gift programs and support for teacher training in STEM subjects from grades K-12. Our 4i Values are another important differentiator for Thermo Fisher and help us attract and retain the best talent so we can enhance our industry leadership. These are very exciting times for our company. Our achievements in 2013 position us well for the coming year, and our continued growth investments have set us up for an even brighter future. Looking ahead, here is how we will define success. Financially, we will meet our commitments to ensure the long-term health of our company while continuing to deliver strong returns for our shareholders. For our customers, we will successfully integrate Life Technologies and fully leverage the combination to strengthen our value proposition for them. And for our employees, we can claim success if they are intensely engaged and involved in what they do because they understand that, when we fulfill our mission, we can truly make a difference in the world. If our past is any indication of our future, I'm confident that we have what it takes to achieve these goals and advance our position as the unrivaled industry leader.

China is one of Thermo Fisher's fastest-growing markets, and we have continued to build on our strong presence
in the region by establishing the China Innovation Center in Shanghai. The new center significantly expands research, development and training capabilities to support the specific needs of customers in high-growth Asia-Pacific markets. The $10 million investment includes biology, designverification-test and application laboratories to support local product development. It has the capacity to accommodate a rapidly growing R&D organization that is expected to add 200 engineers in the next few years. The new facility also includes a Technology Training Center for instructing several thousand customers every year in the use of our analytical instruments and other technologies. The center, which followed the 2012 opening of our fifth manufacturing facility in China, is another important milestone and aligns product development efforts with investments in manufacturing infrastructure.

Sincerely,

Marc N. Casper President and Chief Executive Officer February 25, 2014

2013 Annual Report | 5

