                Dear Shareholder,
Marc N. Casper
President and Chief Executive Officer
Looking back on 2015, we had many highlights that demonstrate how we continue to strengthen Thermo Fisher Scientific’s position as the unrivaled leader in our industry. I will share several great examples in this letter, but what really stood out to me is this: no matter what our customers face in the macro-environment, they depend on us to help them achieve success. We create tremendous value for them by leveraging our unique scale and depth of capabilities. This differentiates our company in today’s highly competitive landscape and will remain our foundation for growth in the years to come.
We begin every year by establishing a set of goals that our team, down to the individual colleague, is accountable for achieving. When we meet our annual objectives, we get another step closer to our Vision for 2020, and I’m pleased to tell you that we made significant progress in 2015.
   Adjusted EPS* Trend
(in dollars)
* Adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating margin and adjusted operating income are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see accompanying consolidated statement of income on pages 6 and 7 of this annual report.
$4.94
$5.42 $4.16
   11 12
13 14 15
$7.39
$6.96
       2015 Annual Report
 1
  
                 To remind you, our Vision outlines our goals for the decade. In essence, we are striving to:
• Deliver consistent and strong financial performance
• Meet the needs of our customers by developing innovative tech- nologies, leveraging our global presence and harnessing the power of our value proposition
• Create an environment where our colleagues are inspired by what we do and involved in our success
• Achieve all the goals above to become recognized as one of the world’s most admired companies
I will use these elements of our Vision
to highlight accomplishments from 2015 that remind me every day why I’m so proud to lead Thermo Fisher Scientific.
I think they’ll give you a sense of our priorities as a company and what motivates us to not only achieve our near-term goals, but also ensure an even brighter future.
Consistent Performance
We have a long track record of consistently delivering strong financial performance, and 2015 was no
exception. We grew revenue to a record $16.97 billion. Our adjusted operating income increased 3 percent to $3.82 billion, and we expanded
our adjusted operating margin by
60 basis points to 22.5 percent. We also delivered $7.39 of adjusted earnings per share – a 6 percent increase year-over-year. In addition, we continued to reduce our debt following our acquisition of Life Technologies
two years ago and achieved our target leverage ratio sooner than we
originally planned.
The economic environment certainly didn’t make our job easy. The strength- ening of the U.S. dollar created a significant headwind on both our top- and bottom-line performance, the global industrial economy has not improved and certain emerging markets, such as Russia and Brazil, have deteriorated.
This is the reality that all multinational companies – including our customers – are facing. But those who step up
and create value will have the advan- tage. Our team identified the right opportunities, delivered our value proposition to our customers and executed very well to achieve our goals.
At the same time, we leveraged our PPI Business System – including our global sourcing and operational efficiency initiatives – to drive the productivity that helps to fund our growth.
We achieve solid performance year after year by staying true to our growth strategy and making sure that our customers are at the center of every major decision we make.
Enabling Customer Success
Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner
and safer. It defines our purpose as a company and inspires our colleagues
to take pride in what they do. We fulfill our Mission by developing innovative technologies, increasing our presence
in Asia-Pacific and emerging markets, and delivering our unique value proposition. These are the elements of our growth strategy, and they enable our customers’ success as well as our own.
Innovative Technologies
Year after year, we reinforce our technology leadership by putting our R&D dollars and expertise to work
to have the greatest impact. We’re committed to innovation, and invested
Attractive Revenue Profile
25%
Diagnostics & Healthcare
20%
Industrial & Applied
30%
Pharma & Biotech
25%
Academic & Government
13%
Services
Products
18%
4%
Rest of World
Regions
     Markets
62%
25%
Instruments, Equipment & Software
Asia-Pacific Consumables
25%
Europe
  53%
North America
 2 2015 Annual Report
  
                approximately $700 million in 2015 to develop exciting new products that help our customers advance their work.
For example, we’re not only expanding our leading Thermo Scientific technol- ogies for life sciences researchers,
but increasingly adapting them for use in other applications. This year, we marked the 10th anniversary of our Orbitrap mass spectrometry platform by launching the Orbitrap Fusion Lumos Tribrid system for protein research.
We then combined the power of Orbitrap technology with our leading chromatography capabilities to develop the Q Exactive GC-MS/MS and the
Q Exactive Focus LC-MS systems for customers working in food safety or forensics. For the first time, three of our analytical instruments were listed as medical devices in the U.S. and Europe, giving our clinical customers more advanced tools for analyzing patient samples.
We also expanded our genetic analysis offering by launching our new Ion S5 and Ion S5 XL systems, making targeted next-generation sequencing more accessible to a broader set
of customers. With many of these
advances comes the need to manage vast amounts of data, and our new QuantStudio 3 and 5 Real-Time PCR systems are now connected to the Thermo Fisher Cloud. This capability allows clinical and applied researchers anywhere in the world to access, analyze and share data within a single platform – a key enabler that will help to redefine scientific collaboration.
Our breadth of technologies gives us a clear advantage in partnering with our customers. One of my favorite examples from the year was our collaboration
with the Karolinska Institute in Sweden. Using our proteomic, genomic and assay technologies, the institute published the results of a clinical study aimed at developing a more effective prostate cancer test. This breakthrough would not have happened without the ability to leverage our technologies across the company, and is a great example of how we fulfill our Mission.
Leading Global Presence
To serve our customers well, we need to be a local partner that can fully understand the challenges they face. And at the same time, our global scale gives us a key competitive advantage in
serving higher-growth Asia-Pacific and other emerging markets.
Thinking back on our achievements
in that region during the past year, China really stood out. The country is undergoing a period of historic change, yet our team achieved strong double- digit growth. Our strategy in China is based on targeting market segments that align with our capabilities in biopharma, diagnostics, environmental monitoring and food safety.
When I travel to China, I spend much of my time meeting with customers.
It’s great to see our high-end mass spectrometry and next-generation sequencing instruments being used
to advance cancer research, or our environmental analyzers helping to address air and water quality concerns. We even helped during the widely publicized chemical warehouse explosion in Tianjin by providing monitors to make sure the air was
safe to breathe.
In addition, the investments we’ve made in our China Innovation Center are bearing fruit. A recent example was our introduction of the new
  Healthier: Advancing personalized medicine
The pursuit of a world without cancer requires an all-in effort. That’s why Thermo Fisher is partnering with pharmaceutical customers to enable the advancement of personalized medicine. Our Ion PGM Dx next-generation sequencing system and Oncomine assays are being used to develop a multi-marker, universal oncology test designed as a companion diagnostic for non-small cell lung cancer. The goal is to deliver more-targeted treatments for better patient outcomes.
2015 Annual Report
 3
  
                 Thermo Scientific Orion 3106 COD water analyzer to help our customers address new regulations for controlling pollutants in wastewater. China’s 13th five-year plan, which is its roadmap for development and investment, takes effect this year. With the country’s continued focus on improving health- care and the environment, we are well-positioned to serve our customers there and capture new opportunities for growth.
At the same time, we continued
to expand our presence in other emerging markets, such as India, the Middle East and Southeast Asia. The commercial investments we’ve made
in India have contributed to good growth in our pharma, biotech and food safety markets. We opened our first Customer Experience Center in Dubai to showcase our depth of capabilities and provide opportunities for training and collaboration. In Singapore, our new biopharma services facility will support the growing number of clinical trials in the region. We also acquired two commercial channels earlier in the year to expand our direct access to customers in Singapore, Malaysia and South Korea.
Our strong performance across these geographies demonstrates that we’re effectively leveraging our global scale to serve our customers and drive growth.
Unique Value Proposition
As I’ve highlighted, our depth of capabilities puts us in a unique position to help our customers accelerate innovation and enhance productivity so they can achieve their goals. This is the core of our customer value proposition, and we continue to make it stronger.
For instance, during the year we expanded our offerings with two strategic bolt-on acquisitions. Advanced Scientifics, Inc. increased our presence in the high-growth bioproduction market, and Alfa Aesar broadened
our portfolio of chemicals for the research laboratory.
I think the best example of strengthening our customer value proposition is our very successful integration of Life Technologies, now part of our Life Sciences Solutions segment. We had high expectations when we acquired the business and we couldn’t be more pleased with
our progress, not only in terms of enhancing our portfolio, but also in strengthening the overall strategic position of our company.
Our combined bioproduction and biosciences businesses are now growing faster than they were independently. Having genetic and protein analysis technologies in one company is creating exciting new opportunities, like the prostate cancer test I referenced earlier. And the commercial presence we now have by leveraging our Fisher Scientific channel and combined e-commerce platforms is giving customers even greater access to our products and services.
We brought our teams and capabilities together to make them stronger. It’s clear the combination has created tremendous value for our customers and is delivering strong returns for
our shareholders.
Involving Our Colleagues
As I travel to our sites and interact with our teams, I’m very proud of the level of involvement I see from my colleagues around the world. Our goal
     Cleaner: Sustainability without sacrifice
Thermo Fisher is committed to helping our customers achieve their goals. To support their increasing focus on sustainability, we introduced the Thermo Scientific TSX Series ultra-low temperature freezer. It uses innovative technology to reduce energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions by
50 percent compared to conventional laboratory freezers.
Now customers can better protect the integrity of their samples and the environment at the same time.
4 2015 Annual Report

                to become one of the world’s most admired companies is a journey, and while we’re making good progress, we know there is still a lot more we can do. We want Thermo Fisher to be a place where our colleagues are passionate about the difference they can make – for our customers, our company, and the communities where we live and work.
Starting with our customers, I’ve given many examples of the role we play in fulfilling our Mission, and they’re only possible because our colleagues are inspired by what we do and determined to enable our customers’ success.
In our company, we have a culture that is rooted in our 4i Values of Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement, and we continue to build on that strong foundation. I’m especially pleased with the great progress we made during
the year to enhance our culture of diversity and inclusion by creating an environment where different ways of thinking are respected, and encouraged. For example, we now have six employee resource groups (ERGs) after adding two in 2015, and we achieved
a perfect score of 100 on the Human
Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index during the year. Thousands of our colleagues actively participate in our ERGs, and their involvement is clearly making our company even better.
In our communities, our colleagues
are donating to charities through our matching gift programs, volunteering their time and taking part in Community Action Council activities at our sites around the world. The charter of our philanthropic program is to inspire students to pursue the STEM subjects: science, technology, engineering
and math. We do this by offering scholarships at five prestigious universities in the U.S., Europe and China. We’re also involved in the elementary school classroom, because there’s nothing like the curiosity of
a child who sees what the “magic”
of science can do. For example, we packaged, distributed and donated thousands of our STEM-credible science safety kits last year to give students tools that may help to shape their future careers.
These are just a few examples that demonstrate our commitment to making
a difference. We believe that when our colleagues are inspired and involved, our customers will be too.
We live in extraordinary times, where the pace of change is accelerating and the impact of science is exhilarating. Our key stakeholders – customers, employees and shareholders – expect even more of us in times like these, and Thermo Fisher Scientific continues to deliver. Our success in 2015 was the result of a clear growth strategy and outstanding execution by our team. And while we’re proud of all that we accomplished during the year, what’s more important is that we’ve prepared our company – and our customers – for an even brighter future.
Sincerely,
Marc N. Casper
President and Chief Executive Officer February 25, 2016
   Safer: First lines of defense
By adapting technologies for the field, Thermo Fisher is literally putting analytical tools in the hands of first responders to protect public safety. Law enforcement officers in Mexico, for example, are using Thermo Scientific FirstDefender RMX, TruDefender FTX and TruNarc handheld analyzers to identify potentially hazardous materials or illegal drugs. And in Chile, TruNarc is playing a role in supporting the “Zero Micro-traffic” national anti-drug program.
2015 Annual Report
 5
  