                Continuing record of financial growth
 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
Marijn E. Dekkers President and Chief Executive Officer
  It’s not often a company can claim a truly exceptional year, but 2006 clearly fits that descrip- tion for us. On May 5, we hosted a life sciences symposium to celebrate the 50th anniversary of our founding. Three days later, we announced our intent to merge with Fisher Scientific
– transforming not only our corporation, but also the way our customers will approach their work from now on. Through the merger, we created Thermo Fisher Scientific, the world leader in serving science. With that distinction comes great responsibility – to meet the needs of our customers, employees and shareholders. Leadership also brings great opportunity – to leverage our unmatched breadth of technologies and services as we enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.
The merger closed on November 9, 2006, but the important work involved in planning
the integration of Thermo and Fisher began months earlier. I was extremely pleased with how quickly employees from both companies began working together and, because of their efforts, the integration is progressing better than I could have imagined. On Day One, employees were able to share a sense of pride as site managers around the world presented our new company and the vast opportunities for both individual and business growth that come with working for a $9 billion organization. Our new name – Thermo Fisher Scientific – became the symbol of two strong businesses joining forces to reshape the life, laboratory
and health sciences industry.
An important trait of a world leader is to consistently deliver on financial commitments.
In that regard, 2006 was no exception, as we continued to meet or exceed our growth goals. Our reported revenues grew 44% in 2006 to $3.79 billion. That figure included $849 million of Fisher revenues from the merger date to the end of the year. Adjusted earnings per share* grew 30% in 2006 to $1.91 – even better than we’d expected. Adjusted operating income
  $3.79
$2.63
$2.21 $1.90
$2.17
$1.36
$.84
$1.91
$1.47 $1.18
      $1.20
   $1.00
      {12}
‘03 ‘04 ‘05 ‘06
‘03 ‘04 ‘05 ‘06
‘03 ‘04 ‘05 ‘06
   REVENUES (IN BILLIONS)
GAAP EPS
ADJUSTED EPS*

                 Exceeding our customers’ expectations
increased 63%, and adjusted operating margin expanded 180 basis points over 2005 to 15.1%, well above our goal of 100 basis points for the year. In addition, we reported very strong cash flow, generating $407 million from continuing operations for a 49% increase over 2005.
Looking at our year-end results on a pro forma basis, as if the merger had occurred at the beginning of 2005, revenues grew 10% to $8.87 billion. Pro forma adjusted operating income in 2006 rose 21% year to year, and pro forma adjusted operating margin expanded 130 basis points over 2005 to 14.7%.
Several key factors drove our excellent performance in 2006: strength in our major end markets, significant new product introductions and our successful integration of acquired businesses. Our ongoing efforts to improve efficiency and productivity on the job every
day, using our Practical Process Improvement (PPI) methodology, also contribute to growth. Looking ahead, we expect to meet our growth goals by continuing to build the best tech- nology and service portfolio, through both internal development and acquisitions, as well as by delivering it more efficiently through our extensive customer channels.
To be the world leader, it’s no longer enough to offer the best products and services. We also have a responsibility to deliver them the way customers expect, in the most convenient manner possible. Through our new customer channels network serving research, healthcare and safety markets, Thermo Fisher can now do that much more effectively than any of our competitors – and that’s where the merger brings tremendous value.
* In addition to the financial measures prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), we use cer- tain non-GAAP financial measures throughout this annual report, including adjusted EPS, adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin, which exclude restructuring and other costs/income and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. These adjusted results also reflect the pro forma effect of stock-based compensation expense as if it had been required in all periods presented. Adjusted EPS also excludes certain other gains and losses, tax provisions/benefits related to the previous items, benefits from tax credit carryforwards and the impact of significant tax audits or events. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see the accompanying consolidated statement of income on pages 19 and 20 of this annual report.
   15.1%
13.3%
11.9% 11.4%
$407
$273 $250
$200
         ‘03 ‘04 ‘05 ‘06
‘03 ‘04 ‘05 ‘06
{13}
  ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGIN*
CASH FLOW FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS (IN MILLIONS)

                 {14}
Technology that sparks new discoveries
 Guy Broadbent, Senior Vice President and President, Laboratory Products
Marc Casper, Executive Vice President and President, Analytical Technologies
  We now have two premier brands: Thermo Scientific and Fisher Scientific. Simply put, Thermo Scientific stands for technology – the integrated workflow solutions that address today’s most complex analytical challenges. Fisher Scientific stands for convenience – the most extensive channel network in the industry, consisting of catalogs, e-commerce and supply-chain services options. It also includes a range of services, such as the specialized packaging of drugs for clinical trials or the safe management and storage of biospecimens, which are increasingly outsourced by our big pharma and biotech customers. Together, these well-known brands offer the “best of both worlds,” giving customers tremendous access
to the greatest breadth of technologies, consumables, software and services on the market.
We’ve made significant investments over the past few years to more effectively reach our customers in 150 countries around the world, especially those in growing Asian markets. Our extensive portfolio of offerings is ideally suited to help countries like China and India meet public demand for broader healthcare, better generic drugs, higher-quality food and water supplies, and cleaner air, as evidenced by an 11% increase in sales there in 2006.
I’ve often said that what excites me most about working for this company is seeing what our customers are able to do with our technologies. Every day, our innovations spark new discoveries, enabling researchers, healthcare providers, industrial workers and first responders to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Some great examples are highlighted on
the opening pages of this annual report.
As Thermo Fisher Scientific, our focus on technology development will not change. Over the past five years, we have worked hard to improve our R&D process. We are now very disciplined – in how we execute R&D projects and how we learn what our customers want and are willing to pay for. Our discipline has paid off, with our Product Vitality Index nearly doubling in three years to 29% in 2006. This means that almost one third of our product revenues came from new introductions in the last two years – products like the LTQ OrbitrapTM mass spectrometer, iCAP spectroscopy system, Mercury FreedomTM air-quality monitor
and NITON® portable elemental analyzer, all from our Thermo Scientific brand.
As the world leader, we are known for constantly raising the technology bar. But just as important today is how we put these technologies together to create a total workflow solu- tion. I regularly visit customers, and while they may be impressed by the science, they

                 Pete Wilver, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Alan Malus, Senior Vice President and President, Customer Channels
  are also under pressure to run their labs more efficiently. We offer the best technologies and we can integrate them in a way that allows our customers to be more successful – not only by improving their results, but also their productivity.
For example, researchers can perform an important scientific technique, called Electron Transfer Dissociation (ETD), with greater precision and speed now that we’ve combined it with a 2-D linear ion trap system for the first time. Our Thermo Scientific LTQ XLTM mass spectrometer with ETD allows scientists to better understand how proteins are modified
as they continue to expand their search for biomarkers of disease. By using our Pierce® bioreagents during the sample preparation process, scientists can achieve even better results, and they can more easily interpret all the data by applying our Thermo Scientific SIEVETM software.
As our customers’ needs evolve to address the emerging complexities of our society, provid- ing world-class solutions will become more and more important. We anticipated this trend years ago when we began to better integrate our systems and add more comprehensive services. The merger has dramatically strengthened our ability to be a total solutions provider, as well as our ability to deliver those solutions more efficiently.
At Thermo Fisher Scientific, our focus is on putting our customers first. If we do that, employ- ees and shareholders will be rewarded. Our strong company values – Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement – define who we are and how we interact with customers, with partners and with each other. They are the very foundation of our culture, which has guided our 30,000 employees through a challenging, but very rewarding, year. I am grateful for their support, and I believe our shared values will unite and energize us to pursue the many opportunities we have as the world leader in serving science.
Sincerely,
Marijn E. Dekkers
President and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2007
 {15}
 