 ... we enable our customers to make the world
healthier, cleaner
company profile
Thermo Fisher Scientific is the world leader in serving science. We provide the technologies, products and services that enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. With annual sales of $10.5 billion, we employ approximately 34,000 people and serve over 350,000 customers within pharmaceutical and biotech companies, hospitals and clinical diagnostic labs, universities, research institutions and government agencies, as well as in environmental and industrial process control settings.
DeAR shAReholDeR:
I’m very pleased to report that we strengthened our position as the world leader in serving science by achieving our goals for 2008 – the result of an unwavering focus on our customers, on our employees and on delivering strong financial performance for our shareholders. Thermo Fisher Scientific reached an incredible milestone at the end of the year, with an
8 percent increase in annual revenues that put us over the $10 billion mark, to a record $10.5 billion. No question, we are the industry leader by virtue of our size. But, more important, we continue to lead through innovation, with the resources to invest in new technologies that trigger breakthroughs for our customers as they work to achieve their goals.
DeliveRing stRong finAnciAls AcRoss the boARD
As I’ve outlined in the past, we run the company by achieving a balance of four key finan- cial metrics: top-line growth, operating margin, earnings per share and free cash flow*. We delivered solid results for 2008 in each of these metrics. In addition to our record revenue performance, adjusted operating income in 2008 increased 14 percent over 2007, and we were able to expand our adjusted operating margin by 100 basis points, to 17.8 percent from 16.8 percent a year ago. This led to a 19 percent increase in our adjusted earnings per share, to $3.16. In addition, we continue to maintain a very strong balance sheet, and generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow in 2008 that will help fuel our future growth.
These results would be impressive in a good economy, but are even more so considering the global financial turmoil that began to escalate in the third quarter of 2008. Three key advantages led to our strong finish for the year. First, we have continued to invest in building our industry-leading portfolio, which includes an attractive mix of technologies, products and services. Second, two-thirds of our revenue comes from recurring sales of consumables and services, while only one-third is derived from capital items, such as instruments and equipment. In a tough economy, customers typically continue to buy necessary consumables and services, while they might delay higher-priced capital purchases. Third, our primary end markets are life sciences and healthcare, which tend to be less sensitive to economic cycles.
Of course, our strong performance would not have been possible without the intensity demonstrated by our 34,000 employees. I am extremely proud of their individual commit- ments to achieving our goals, as well as their drive to work in teams across the company to ensure that our customers have the best possible experience when partnering with

 and safer.
Thermo Fisher. A key element of that involvement is our focus on continuous improvement through our company-wide Practical Process Improvement (PPI) tools. The PPI methodol- ogy is in the fabric of our company culture, bringing employees together to streamline the processes they use every day.
At this point, nobody knows exactly how 2009 will play out. But what we know for sure is that our customers are facing more challenges than ever. Today’s environment demands an even greater focus on overall productivity and efficiency. At the same time, our customers continue to require more advanced tools in order to achieve their specific goals, whether they’re discovering a treatment for cancer, monitoring the air for pollutants or screening food for contaminants. As we strive to fulfill our company mission – to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer – Thermo Fisher continues to invest to support emerging needs. The world economy may have changed, but our growth strategy remains constant – a unique combination of continuous innovation and global expansion that will strengthen our position as the industry leader.
Building on our leading technology portfolio
Very significant advances are being made to improve healthcare, and many of them are taking place in laboratories all over the world, using products developed by thermo fisher.
No company in our industry can claim leadership in as many areas of technology as Thermo Fisher. From bioreagents to mass spectrometry analysis to specialty diagnostics and air quality monitoring, the breadth of our technology portfolio differentiates us in the market- place. Moreover, we are building on our position, having spent approximately $250 million on R&D in 2008. Our ongoing investment will lead to the next breakthroughs, as we con- tinue to leverage our expertise across the company to develop new products that literally transform the way our customers approach their work.
Our major end markets, life sciences and healthcare, may be less cyclical than basic indus- trial markets. But they too are feeling the pressure, and even scientists are being asked
to do more, with less. The goals of these customers – improving patient diagnostics and treatments – are lofty, and the hurdles to achieving them are getting higher all the time.
Yet very significant advances are being made to improve healthcare, and many of them are taking place in laboratories all over the world, using products developed by Thermo Fisher.
For example, our technology is allowing researchers to gain a deep understanding of pro- teins, the basic components of all living cells. Most drugs work by interacting with proteins. The discovery of protein biomarkers – biological signals that may indicate disease – can help speed drug development and ensure that the right drugs get to the patients who can benefit the most. Using advanced Thermo Scientific mass spectrometry systems, such as our leading LTQ Orbitrap® platform with new ETD (electron transfer dissociation) capabilities
*Adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin, adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see the accompanying consolidated statement of income on pages 4 and 5 of this annual report.
-------------------- 1 - TMO-08-AR --------------------
Marijn E. Dekkers
President and Chief Executive Officer

                     introduced in early 2008, scientists can now analyze proteins at resolution levels previously unheard of. While we continue to push the performance envelope to support research, we are also developing new instrumentation specifically designed for the non-scientist, for applications that are more routine but still require a high degree of analytical sensitivity.
In the future, these advanced technologies may become simple tools for diagnosing disease.
Some researchers are working to tackle disease even earlier by blocking specific genes in diseased cells. This is the promise behind rNA-interference technologies (rNAi), which are delivered into a cell to interfere with, or silence, these genes before they can do damage. Strengthening our leading position in rNAi, we launched a breakthrough gene-silencing tool in 2008 under our Thermo Scientific brand, called dharmacon AccellTM sirNA, which makes it easier for rNAi to be introduced into a cell and also expands the use of these bioreagents to many more cell types. An example of the potential impact of rNAi was the groundbreak- ing study announced last year at harvard medical School, where researchers used our technologies to identify human cellular proteins linked to hIv infection – an exciting discov- ery that could lead to more effective treatments. We expanded our bioreagents platform with two acquisitions in 2008 that brought complementary rNAi products and a library of antibodies that will help to advance numerous protein-research applications.
New threats to our health and well-being are making headlines all the time. One of these
is mrSA, better known as the “superbug,” which causes well over 100,000 deaths annually just in the u.S. last year, we received clearance from the u.S. Food and drug Administration (FdA) for our SpectraTM mrSA test, an efficient tool that can be easily adopted in any health- care facility to accurately screen patients when they are admitted. This cost-effective test gives healthcare providers high confidence in the results, and allows them to take a more proactive approach to patient care and safety. Another hot topic is food contamination, with melamine in milk-based products from China and salmonella in peanut butter here in the u.S. serving as the latest examples. Thermo Fisher is again leading the way, with new work- flow solutions that combine testing methods, analytical instrumentation and equipment to meet FdA guidelines for screening foods that may contain these life-threatening contaminants.
expanDing our preSence in growing MarketS
As the world leader in serving science, we also benefit from the most extensive commercial and operational footprint in our industry. more than ever, it’s vital to deliver products and services when and where customers need them. Our global presence spans 150 countries around the world, and, through our Fisher Scientific catalogs and other channels, we gain access to approximately 350,000 customers. even with this broad reach, we still have the opportunity to strengthen our presence in geographies where more coverage offers a com- petitive advantage.
The best example is in Asia, where we are underpenetrated for a company of our size.
We began manufacturing products in China in 2000, and significantly expanded our footprint there in 2005 by opening a major operation in Shanghai. We now have five facilities and approximately 1,000 employees in that country. We also launched our first Chinese-language Fisher Scientific catalog in 2008, designed to serve those customers’ specific needs in life sciences, environmental and food safety testing markets. The investments we’ve made in China have paid off significantly, with a long track record of double-digit growth. We were recently named one of China’s top-10 fastest growing companies by a leading Chinese busi- ness magazine. In addition to our commitment to the market and ongoing expansion, we were recognized for our contributions to the local economy through disaster relief funding
  we still have
the opportunity
to strengthen
our presence in geographies where more coverage offers a competitive advantage.
        -------------------- 2 - TMO-08-AR --------------------

                     and technologies we provided to support the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Our strong presence in China positions us well for future growth as the country continues to invest in consumer product safety, environmental quality and infrastructure.
We now look to India as our next major growth market. We accelerated our expansion there beginning in 2005 with the opening of our demonstration laboratory in Mumbai. Since then, we’ve continued to build our commercial presence in the region. In November 2008, we opened a $17 million clinical packaging facility in Ahmadabad to support the growing number of clinical trials being conducted in India by both local and multi-national pharma- ceutical customers. We supplemented those activities by acquiring India’s largest laboratory chemicals supplier and, in 2008, acquired two divisions of Chemito Technologies, a local provider of instrumentation for analytical and environmental markets. We now have approxi- mately 20 facilities and sales offices in the country, and more than 600 employees, making Thermo Fisher the leading life sciences company in India.
leVeraging Breadth and presence to create Value
The ability to build on our leading position – through our technology prowess and tremen- dous commercial reach – sets Thermo Fisher apart in the marketplace. Our ultimate goal is to fully leverage our broad capabilities to offer a compelling value proposition for our cus- tomers and make their interactions with us the best experience possible. Every employee across the company has been asked to keep a fundamental question top of mind: How can I continue to improve the Customer Experience? From our back offices to the front lines, our employees are working hard to ensure that Thermo Fisher is the supplier of choice.
We can provide exceptional value for our customers on three fronts. First, through our Thermo Scientific brand, we deliver continuous innovation – our product developments serve as catalysts for the important discoveries our customers are making, and reinforce our position as the technology leader. Second, our Fisher Scientific brand makes us the ideal global business partner, whether our customers want to consolidate their purchases of equipment and supplies, or are looking to completely outsource their non-core activities. Third, we are committed to delivering products, services and support that help our cus- tomers to be more productive – increasingly important as competitive pressures continue to rise. This unique combination allows us to create tremendous value for our customers, and by doing so, we are creating value for our shareholders now and in the future.
The current world economy poses some tough challenges, but Thermo Fisher has incredible cause for optimism. As the world leader, we have unmatched capabilities and reach, along with the resources to drive growth. Our employees also have the talent to leverage these advantages to best serve our customers. Inspired by our mission, and grounded by four values that guide us in everything we do – Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement – I am confident that we, as a company, will emerge from these uncertain times an even stronger industry leader.
Sincerely,
Marijn E. Dekkers
President and Chief Executive Officer March 2, 2009
   -------------------- 3 - TMO-08-AR --------------------
 our ultimate
goal is to fully leverage our
broad capabilities to offer a compelling value proposition for our customers and make their interactions with us the best experience possible.
           