                  Marc N. Casper
President and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholder,
I’m very pleased to report that 2014 was another outstanding year for Thermo Fisher Scientific, with strong performance by all measures. We set clear goals at the beginning of the year, and our team executed well to deliver on our commitments to our customers, employees and shareholders. At the same time, we successfully completed the largest acquisition in our history and positioned our company for an even brighter future.
When I became CEO a little more than five years ago, I felt it was important to articulate a Vision for the decade to align and involve our colleagues around the world. Our Vision for 2020 is all about serving our customers to drive growth and, as I constantly remind our team, we all own it and are accountable for success. At a high level, our Vision requires us to:
• • •
•
• • •
Deliver consistent and strong financial performance Strengthenourpremierbrandstobethemostpowerfulinourindustry Develop innovative technologies to profoundly benefit life sciences, healthcare and the environment
Significantly increase our presence in high-growth emerging markets Become recognized as one of the world’s most admired companies Advance our position as the unrivaled industry leader
We’re now at the halfway point on this journey, and the terrific progress we’ve made is a reflection of the talent and dedication of our team. We’re another step closer to achieving our Vision, and I’ll use it as a scorecard to highlight our performance in 2014.
Consistent and strong financial performance
A true indicator of a healthy, growing company is its ability to deliver strong financial results – year after year. This is a hallmark of Thermo Fisher, and we again reinforced our commitment to achieving our financial goals.
Our revenue grew 29 percent over the previous year to $16.89 billion. Our adjusted operating income* increased 45 percent, and we
 $6.96
$5.42
$4.94
$4.16 $3.43
10 11 12 13 14
Adjusted EPS* Trend (in dollars)
* Adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating margin, adjusted operating income and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see accompanying consolidated statement of income on pages 6 and 7 of this annual report.
           2014 Annual Report 1
 
                 Complementary Business Segments*
Analytical Instruments
19%
Business Segments
25%
Life Sciences Solutions
Laboratory Products & Services
37%
     19%
Specialty Diagnostics
 expanded our adjusted operating margin by 240 basis points. This
led to adjusted earnings per share of $6.96 – a 28 percent increase over our strong results a year ago. We also finished the year with significant free cash flow of $2.25 billion. Given our strong performance across the board, we were able to resume capital deployment early in 2015 to strengthen our strategic position and create shareholder value.
The addition of Life Technologies in February 2014 contributed significantly to our results, along with intense focus on our customers and solid operational execution by our global team.
In an environment where we continue to see muted growth in some market segments, our operational discipline remains a key competitive advantage. We use our PPI Business System to improve the way we work across our global operations. PPI stands for Practical Process Improvement, and it not only helps us to be more productive, but also to deliver the highest-quality products and services to our customers and, ultimately, to gain their allegiance.
Our PPI Business System is the reason that our Center of Excellence in Asheville, North Carolina, for example, was recognized in 2014 as one of the best plants in the United States by Industry Week magazine. The site manufactures laboratory equipment, such as ultralow- temperature freezers used by clinicians and life sciences researchers to preserve biological samples. The Asheville team has aggressively used the PPI Business System to increase product quality, reduce landfill waste, set new safety records and drive profitable growth. This is not the first time one of our facilities has achieved this distinction, and it’s a great example of the positive impact PPI continues to have.
Most powerful brands in our industry
A major achievement for us in 2014 was our acquisition of Life Technologies, now called Life Sciences Solutions, and I’m pleased
to report that the integration is going very well. As you may know,
this business added highly regarded genetic analysis instruments and consumables, life sciences reagents and bioprocessing technologies. When combined with our Thermo Scientific portfolio, we created a broad and complementary offering that significantly strengthens our value proposition for customers working in research, clinical and applied markets.
As one company, we can now give customers greater access to these new products through our extensive commercial infrastructure, including our customer channels. We recently added about 14,000 Applied Biosystems and Invitrogen products from our expanded offering to our Fisher Scientific research channel in North America. Our commercial teams have been trained to sell these products, customers are taking notice and we believe this is just the beginning of many new opportunities we have to accelerate our growth.
By combining our technologies, customer channels and Unity Lab Services capabilities, we have created a very powerful value proposition that is truly unique in our industry. It is also a key driver
 Attractive Revenue Profile*
Diagnostics
& Healthcare 25%
End Markets
Industrial 22% & Applied
Services
13%
Rest of World
4%
Regions
Europe
  Pharma & 27% Biotech
    26% Academic & Government
61% Consumables
    26% Products Equipment &
 Instruments Software
   Asia-Pacific
     North America
  * Percentage estimates are based on unaudited FY 2014 combined revenues of Thermo Fisher Scientific and Life Technologies. Percentages calculated in the segment chart are based on estimates for intercompany eliminations and other accounting policy adjustments.
2 2014 Annual Report
  
 of our growth strategy because in today’s environment, our customers expect us to be more than just a supplier of products and services. Whether they’re working in research, healthcare, industrial or applied markets, our customers need to accelerate innovation and drive down cost. They turn to Thermo Fisher as a trusted partner, which has enabled us to gain market share and drive incremental growth.
Innovative technologies to benefit society
In our company, everything starts with our customers. Our mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer, and we’re proud of the work we do to help them tackle some of the most important societal challenges of our time.
Thermo Fisher is a company that was founded on innovation, and it is another key element of our growth strategy. We invest approximately $700 million annually in R&D to give our customers advanced tools
to meet their goals, whether they’re gaining knowledge about cancer cell growth, containing the spread of Ebola or identifying counterfeit medicines. Our investments led to significant product launches in 2014 that strengthened our technology leadership and provided our customers with innovative tools to improve the way they work.
To give you just a few examples, researchers are using our newest- generation Orbitrap mass spectrometer, the Thermo Scientific
Q Exactive HF system, to perform human proteome analysis in half the time it took with our predecessor model. Our newly developed bioinformatics tools are managing the vast amounts of data to further accelerate protein research and speed development of new biotherapeutics. We also made significant progress in adapting life sciences research tools to meet the needs of our customers in the clinic. We launched a new high-performance liquid chromatograph (HPLC), a mass spectrometer and software all listed as Class I medical devices with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. In addition, our new Ion PGM Dx instrument and reagents are now available for our next-generation sequencing (NGS) customers in the United States and Europe.
New advancements in NGS provide valuable patient information that can lead to more personalized care. Using our Ion Chef system launched in 2014, researchers can now prepare DNA samples for sequencing much faster than they could before. We also introduced the Oncamine Solid Tumor DNA Kit in Europe so cancer treatments can be more effectively targeted to the patient.
In applied markets, we launched the Thermo Scientific Vanquish HPLC system, which is used by customers in food safety or environmental labs to run high volumes of samples with a high degree of accuracy. Our gold-standard Chromeleon 7.2 software helps to manage all the data. In the forensics lab, customers are using our new Quantifiler Trio and HP quantification kits to improve analysis of highly compromised samples. Also worthy of note, our GlobalFiler PCR Amplification Kit is being used by the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation to generate DNA suspect profiles for a national database
Time to Heal
with the U.S. departments of Justice and Defense, as well as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, we supplied
2014 Annual Report 3

 Justice for All
used to help solve crimes. As the industry leader, our customers look to us for solutions to their greatest challenges. We are committed to using technology, and our deep applications expertise, to push the boundaries of what’s possible and make a positive difference in the world.
Increasing presence in emerging markets
Our scale is a key advantage in the global markets we serve. We’ve continued to optimize our footprint, creating new Centers of Excellence (COEs) that leverage our strengths in manufacturing, commercial capabilities and R&D. In 2014, we opened a new COE for specialty diagnostics in California. We also expanded our molecular biology and life sciences mass spectrometry COEs in Lithuania and Germany.
An important element of our growth strategy has been to replicate the scale and capabilities we’ve established in developed countries as
we expand in emerging markets. Our best example is China, where we’ve built a leading presence that has contributed significantly to our growth over several years.
As with many other multinationals, our growth in China slowed in 2014 as a result of the muted government funding environment. However, we continued to strengthen our presence, for example, extending our commercial reach to the western provinces, building our supply chain and services organizations, and continuing to recruit and develop the best talent. Our strategy to target select vertical markets is well aligned with key government priorities, including better healthcare, a cleaner environment and safer food, so we remain very optimistic about our long-term growth prospects in China.
We’ve been making good progress in other emerging markets as well, such as Southeast Asia, India and Brazil, by replicating our China strategy to meet the needs of these customers. For instance, we’ve significantly increased our presence in Singapore to create a new Center of Excellence primarily serving our life sciences customers in Southeast Asia. We now have more than 700 employees in Singapore supporting our world-class manufacturing and customer channel capabilities, localized product development, and comprehensive customer service and support. We also recently made an acquisition to increase our direct sales presence in the region.
I think our strong performance in 2014 shows that we’ve done an excellent job of leveraging our global footprint to serve our customers and capture new opportunities for growth.
One of the world’s most admired companies
A company that aspires to be recognized among the world’s most admired must set high expectations for performance and continually raise the bar. For Thermo Fisher, achieving this status is an important element of our Vision. In my mind, becoming a most admired company requires us to meet three criteria. First, we need to achieve all the goals outlined in our Vision. Second, we must meet or exceed the expectations of our customers. Third, our colleagues around the world must be inspired by and involved in what we do.
bring criminals to justice and set the innocent free. This is what it means to fulfill our mission.
4 2014 Annual Report

                 It’s clear that our colleagues are inspired by our Mission and are proud of the role they play in helping our customers to achieve great things. It’s also important that our colleagues understand their contributions are valued, that they are empowered to make a difference for our customers and are involved in our company’s success.
Our 4i Values – Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement – define our culture. Integrity is non-negotiable in our company. Intensity keeps us ahead of the competition. Innovation is our lifeblood. And Involvement is how we leverage our collective strengths. One way
that we encourage Involvement is by enhancing our culture of diversity and inclusion and creating a global environment that embraces differences to drive growth. We continued to make great progress here, including adding a Veteran’s Employee Resource Group to demonstrate our commitment to making Thermo Fisher a military-
and veteran-friendly employer of choice.
Being a good steward in our communities is another important part of our culture, and we demonstrate Involvement here in many ways. At the individual level, our colleagues have devoted thousands of hours to volunteerism activities coordinated by the Community Action Councils at our largest sites. And as a company, we partner with organizations and provide our own scholarships to encourage students to pursue careers in science, technology, engineering and math. Our goal is to inspire the next generation – who we hope will become our customers or employees down the road.
Advancing our industry leadership
To sum up 2014, it was an excellent year for Thermo Fisher Scientific across the board. We had outstanding performance financially, operationally and strategically, and have set our company up for a very bright future. First and foremost, we live up to our commitments; this is evident in the great progress we’ve made toward achieving our Vision for 2020. I’m confident that, with the many opportunities ahead, we will continue to advance our company’s industry leadership and take our place among the world’s most admired.
Sincerely,
Marc N. Casper
President and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2015
  Degrees of Change
 There’s a deeper story behind environmental impact. Climatologists are using ice core analytics to understand how seasonal
cycles have evolved over tens of thousands of years by drilling deep in the Antarctic tundra. Thermo Scientific Dionex ion chromatography technology has enabled layer-by-layer examination of how climate and environmental conditions have changed over time. Breakthroughs in ice analysis could one day lead to breakthroughs in understanding environmental change. This is what it means to fulfill our mission.
2014 Annual Report 5
   