        Reve
 L I
          Revenues by Product Line
           Marijn E. Dekkers President and
Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholder,
By all measures, 2007 – our first full year as Thermo Fisher Scientific – was a resounding success. We deliv- ered record revenues and operating performance and we positioned the company for future growth by investing in our employees, innovative technologies and growing markets. At the same time, we effectively integrated a business with $6 billion in revenues, following our merger with Fisher Scientific in late 2006. My sincere thanks to our 30,000-plus employees across the globe who rallied around our new company and worked hard to ensure a strong start right out of the gate.
When I joined the company in 2000, I was convinced that we could become the leader in the life and labora- tory sciences industry. The merger certainly accelerated our growth and solidified our position as the industry leader by virtue of our size. But, while size and scale do bring competitive advantages in the marketplace, you need more than that to sustain leadership for the long term. In 2007, we defined what it means to be the world leader in serving science by leveraging our unique combination of strong financial performance, size and breadth, continuous innovation and a relent- less commitment to serving our customers.
Consumables 50% Instruments 31% Software & Services 19%
Revenues by Geographic Region
North America 63% Europe 26% Asia/ROW 11%
nues by End Market
ife Science 45%
Environmental, ndustrial & Safety 35%
Healthcare 20%
1
            
 unmatched
 size
 &b
With $10 billion in revenues, more than 30,000 employees in 40 countries, and an unmatched portfolio of products
China
Netherlands
Norway Czech Republic
Japan
Delivering strong results
MexicoUSA
Denmark
Austria Ireland
Sweden
Spain
India UK
Italy Netherlands CanadaBelgium
Belgium
We’ve established a consistent track record of growth, and we continued that momentum in 2007. Our revenues grew to a record $9.75 billion in 2007, compared with revenues of $3.79 billion in 2006. Our adjusted earnings per share* in 2007 were also a record, rising 39% to $2.65.
Finland
For a better year-to-year comparison of our performance, we also report our 2006 revenues and adjusted operating results (except adjusted EPS) on a pro forma basis, as if Thermo and Fisher had been combined for the entire year. Revenues of $9.75 billion in 2007 grew 10% over pro forma 2006 revenues of $8.87 billion. Adjusted operating income for 2007 increased 25% over pro forma 2006 results, and adjusted operating margin of 16.8% in 2007 expanded by 210 basis points over pro forma adjusted operating margin of 14.7% in 2006.
I’m very pleased with the excellent progress we’ve made to significantly increase our profitability. As a matter of fact, we’ve been able to expand our margins by more than 100 basis points every year since 2005. This is a result of the strict operating discipline we have embedded in all our businesses. Our margin expansion comes from four key drivers: fully leveraging our top-line growth; strengthening our mix by investing in products that promise growth and rationalizing those that don’t; continuously improving productivity through our company-wide Practical Process Improvement Program, called PPI; and capturing synergies from acquisitions.
In 2007, our effective use of capital allowed us to generate more than $1.4 billion of cash flow from continuing operations. By successfully managing our cash, we have maintained a strong balance sheet, which gives us the ability to create value for our
Switzerland
France
Germany
Denmark
Finland
Malaysia
Switzerland
France Germany
Singapore
China
Brazil
*Adjusted EPS, adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items. For a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to comparable GAAP measures, see the accompanying consolidated statement of income on pages 10 and 11 of this annual report.
Australia
USA
Japan
        
 readth
2 3
and services, we have the size and scale to serve our customers in a range of industries, in more than 150 countries
   Analytical Technologies
Bioscience reagents Scientific instruments Clinical diagnostic products Microbiology products Environmental monitoring
instruments
Industrial process instruments
42% 58%
Revenues by
 Laboratory Products
and Services
Laboratory equipment
Laboratory consumables
Customer channels for research, healthcare and safety markets
Biopharma outsourcing services
Business Segment
shareholders through strategic acquisitions, stock buybacks or other investment opportu- nities. During 2007, we repurchased approximately $900 million of our stock and also completed a number of acquisitions that added $240 million to our annualized revenues.
Expanding our presence
Acquisitions are one way that we can enhance our broad portfolio of products and services for our customers. We continue to see numerous opportunities in our highly fragmented industry to add complementary technologies and new commercial capabilities, to expand globally or to accomplish any combination of these objectives. For example, we made it easier for our life sciences customers to work with micro-volume samples when measuring DNA and proteins by acquiring NanoDrop UV-Vis technologies. Our acquisition of Priority
   b
    
 continuous continuous continuous continuous
inn va
  around the world. We continue to strengthen our portfolio by developing advanced technologies that enable our
  Solutions extended our capabilities in biopharma services, specifically for the management of clinical trials that our biotech and pharmaceutical customers are increasingly looking
to outsource. And the addition of Qualigens Fine Chemicals made us the leading laboratory chemicals provider to the rapidly growing life sciences market in India.
With Qualigens, we now have nearly 2,000 employees in our operations throughout Asia, and we are steadily increasing our presence in those markets, which yielded double-digit revenue growth for us in 2007. We continue to make internal investments as well to expand our presence, including a new $17 million facility in Ahmadabad, India, that will be used
to package and distribute the pharmaceutical supplies needed by patients there who are participating in clinical trials. Industry analysts predict that nearly 25% of all clinical trials will be conducted in India by the year 2010. This operation, combined with our existing facilities, will give us the largest footprint in India of any company in our industry.
      Ensuring food safety
       Monitoring air quality
        t
           
  continuous continuous continuous continuous
ion
 Advancing biomarker research
4 5
  customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether they’re involved in high-end research or more
We’re large, we’re global and our portfolio is unmatched. But how we leverage our size
and breadth to best serve our customers is what will really differentiate us in the marketplace. In that regard, we have transformed the industry – combining the best-in-class technology of our Thermo Scientific brand with the purchasing choice and convenience of our Fisher Scientific brand. Through these two premier brands, we strive to fulfill our company mission – to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer – by providing
our customers with the tools they need to achieve their goals.
Solving today’s challenges
Today’s world poses complex challenges for our customers. Whether they are analyzing pro- teins to develop new drugs, reducing pollutants in the air we breathe, checking our food for contamination, or ensuring our children’s toys are lead-free, they look to us for solutions. And we continue to deliver them through our Thermo Scientific technology brand.
Our advancements in RNAi (RNA-interference) technologies, which allow researchers to better understand how our genes function, are leading to discoveries that may result in better treatments for lung cancer and HIV infection. We developed a new RNAi platform in 2007, called SMARTvector,TM that allows scientists to more effectively target genes in more cell types. This advance expands the applications for RNAi in key life sciences fields, such as neurosci- ence, immunology and stem cell biology, that will have a profound impact on human health.
We continued to reinforce our leadership in mass spectrometry with new instrument systems that extend the analytical capabilities of our revolutionary LTQ Orbitrap® platform. The Orbitrap XLTM and DiscoveryTM give life sciences researchers more options for protein analysis, whether their experiments are highly advanced or more routine. In chromatography, our new Accela® system greatly improved the speed and sensitivity of analysis for customers working not only in drug discovery, but also in environmental and academic laboratories, and food and beverage production.
 t
  
 intense
CUSTOM
routine applications, we strive to deliver the complete solutions our customers need to achieve their goals.Through
Our technologies are meeting challenges outside the lab as well, where customer demand is often driven by new regulations. We recorded significant growth in sales of our Mercury FreedomTM air quality analyzers to utilities in the U.S. for monitoring mercury emissions. And, our new handheld Niton® XRF analyzers, the XL3 Series, can quickly verify the elemental content of industrial materials for RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances) compliance, or screen toys for dangerous lead and other heavy metals.
In 2007, we spent $240 million on R&D to feed a continuous stream of new Thermo Scientific products, many of which will debut in 2008. From further leveraging our powerful Orbitrap platform to revamping our molecular spectroscopy portfolio with push-button simplicity,
we continue to fortify our position as the technology leader.
Delighting our customers
In addition to developing the best technologies and products for our customers, we are also committed to making it easier to buy them. Our Fisher Scientific brand allows us to offer both choice and convenience through an unparalleled network of catalogs, e-commerce
consumables...> equipment...> software...>
reagents...> analytical instrumentation...>
Complete Workflow for Protein Research

     FoCU
ER F US
6 7
 o
ur two industry-leading brands,Thermo Scientific and Fisher Scientific, we offer a unique combination of technology
Thermo Scientific: technology and innovation
 capabilities and supply-chain services. We are leveraging these channels to give our 350,000-plus existing customers more options when they need to make a purchase. And we’re creating new channels targeted to specific growth markets. For example, we’re introducing our first catalog designed for China, opening up a whole new market for
our Fisher Scientific brand and strengthening our overall presence in that rapidly growing part
of the world.
Customer focus is ingrained in everything we do
at Thermo Fisher Scientific. We work closely with our customers to design the right technologies and we partner with them to put our products to best use. We also ask them what it’s like to work with us by soliciting feedback through formal surveys that we conduct every quarter. Their responses highlight best practices that can be shared across the company, or form the basis of new PPI teams to address processes we need to improve.
Our combination of portfolio breadth and custo- mer reach puts us in a unique position. Effectively leveraging that position to the benefit of our customers is the major opportunity ahead of us, and it’s exciting to see how much this is already
  Fisher Scientific: choice and convenience
2 premier brands
      S
        
$tRo G
    and convenience that sets us apart in the marketplace. By understandin
happening across our businesses. Between our two premier brands, we are able to offer our customers everything they need for their labs, from workstations to equipment and consumables to advanced instrumentation. Through our extensive offerings, we can help them create complete application workflows that streamline their processes and improve results, whether they’re discovering drug treatments or analyzing pesticides in food.
Developing solutions like these requires constant collaboration among our employees across business lines – which is why Involvement is one of our four core values. We wouldn’t be where we are today without the other three as well: Integrity, Intensity and Innovation. Guided by these values, we’ve worked hard to meet our goals, and all of our employees should be very proud of the results. I also want to thank our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their ongoing support of our efforts.
While it’s always rewarding to celebrate success, even more important is that we’ve posi- tioned the company for continued growth. We are financially strong, we have a balanced mix of products and services, we continue to innovate and we never take our eye off
the needs of our customers. That is how we define the world leader in serving science.
Sincerely,
Marijn E. Dekkers
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2008
n
 g what our customers need for success,
           