                           COMPaNy PrOfilE
thermo fisher scientific inc. (nYse: tmo) is the world leader
in serving science. Our mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. With revenues of $12 billion, we have approximately 39,000 employees and serve customers within pharmaceutical and biotech companies, hospitals and clinical diagnostic labs, universities, research institutions and government agencies, as well as in environmental and process control industries. We create value for our key stakeholders through three premier brands, Thermo Scientific, Fisher Scientific and UnityTM Lab Services, which offer a unique combination of innovative technologies, convenient purchasing options and a single solution for laboratory operations management. Our products and services help our customers solve complex analytical challenges, improve patient diagnostics and increase laboratory productivity. visit www.thermofisher.com.
thrEE PrEMiEr braNds
Marc N. Casper
President and Chief Executive Officer
DEAR ShAREhOLDER We began 2011 with the clear expectation of deliv- ering strong double-digit growth in earnings per share (EPS), and I’m pleased to report that we achieved our goal, with a 20 percent increase in adjusted EPS* over 2010.
We all remember that this past year was marked by a number of challenges – natural disasters in Japan, a budget crisis in Europe and the possibility of a U.S. credit default. Yet we held true to our strategy of continuing to invest for growth while controlling our costs in line with the economic environment. I’m proud of the determination shown by our teams as they adapted to changing market conditions to achieve their goals. Our success was evident in our 2011 full-year financial results:
• Adjusted EPS grew 20 percent to $4.16
• Revenue rose 11 percent to $11.73 billion
• Adjusted operating margin expanded by 70 basis points to 18.1 percent • And we generated $1.42 billion of free cash flow for the year.
We’ve established our position as the world leader in serving science by consistently meeting our financial goals, and I’m pleased that we extended our track record of strong performance in 2011. We are laying the foundation for a very strong future, using our unique scale and depth of capabilities to meet the needs of our customers, the career aspirations of our employees and the expectations of our shareholders.
I’ll start my review of the year from a customer perspective, because meeting their needs is always our first priority. If I think about how we can help our customers to be successful in today’s business environment, I believe we have three distinct character- istics that give Thermo Fisher a clear market advantage: our commitment to innovation, our large and growing footprint in emerging markets and a customer value proposition that is second to none.
TEChNOLOGY INNOvATION We’ve maintained our innovation leadership by continuing to develop the products our customers need to address new challenges. Our mission is simple: to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. It speaks to our commitment, to the range of applications we serve and the many opportunities we have to use innovation to gain market share. We spent approxi- mately $340 million on R&D in 2011, and we are confident that we will generate a high return on that investment. Our past investments led to many exciting Thermo Scientific product launches in 2011, two of which – the Evolution 200TM spectrophotometer and the Dionex 5000 ion chromatography system – made the R&D Magazine list of the top 100 innovations of the year.
In our Analytical Technologies Segment, we innovate to help our customers solve complex analytical challenges, whether they’re working in a research laboratory, on a production line or out in the field. In 2011, we launched the Q ExactiveTM system, our latest innovation
in hybrid mass spectrometry. With this technology, our customers in both research and applied markets, such as food safety, can now identify, quantify and confirm all in one experiment, significantly improving productivity.
                                       * Adjusted earnings per share, adjusted operating margin, adjusted operating income and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude certain items. For a recon- ciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures, see the accompanying consolidated statement of income on pages 5 and 6 of this annual report.
  1 | 2011 Annual Report
 
In 2011, we established the Specialty Diagnostics Segment to highlight our growing portfolio of high-value diagnostic products for improving patient care, now a $2.5 billion business within Thermo Fisher. We developed a number of new tests that improve patient diagnoses while at the same time lowering the cost of care. For example, in Europe we launched a new version of our market-leading test for MRSA to make screening for this often deadly hospital-acquired infection more accurate.
Finally, in our Laboratory Products and Services Segment, our unmatched offering can help our customers increase productivity in virtually any laboratory setting. A great example is the new technology we developed within our ultralow-temperature freezer platform. By combining advanced performance with efficient operation, we are enabling our customers to meet their goals for both sample integrity and reduced energy consumption.
EMERGING MARKETS Another key competitive advantage is our presence in emerging global markets. In 2011, approximately 15 percent of our revenue came from high-growth geographies, and we continue to expand our footprint. China and India, two countries in which we’ve been increasingly gaining ground, each grew revenue by more than 20 percent in 2011. We attribute this to our clear understanding of what our customers need to support their growing economies.
In China, for example, the current five-year plan places emphasis on the environment and healthcare. Our leadership in air-quality monitoring and the water-analysis products we gained by acquiring Dionex in 2011 put us in an excellent position to benefit from strong government spending on environmental initiatives. Our China Technology Center is developing high-impact products geared initially to customers in academic and research laboratories. And we began construction of a new factory in China for life sciences consumables – our fifth manufacturing plant in the region. We also have a tremendous opportunity to increase our share in other high-growth markets, such as Korea and Brazil, where our initial focus is on increasing our commercial presence by leveraging our scale and depth of capabilities.
VALUE PROPOSITION Our scale and depth put our company in a unique position to help our customers improve productivity, no matter how they measure it: shorter development cycles, easier order fulfillment or streamlined asset management. We deliver on our value proposition through three premier brands. I’ve already high- lighted Thermo Scientific, which stands for technology innovation. Our Fisher Scientific brand is renowned for industry-leading logistics, e-commerce and comprehensive catalogs. And in 2011 we launched UnityTM Lab Services, which integrates our exten- sive instrument and equipment service organizations with our asset management and outsourcing services – all under a single brand. We are excited about the potential this new brand represents to customers who are looking for a comprehensive laboratory management solution to increase productivity and reduce costs.
ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE $4.16
  $3.06
$2.96
$3.46
   $2.57
  ’07
’08
’09
’10 ’11
“We’ve established our position as the world leader in serving science by consistently meeting our financial goals, and I’m pleased that we extended our track record of strong performance
in 2011.”
2011 Annual Report | 2

REVENUE BY END MARKET
23% 24% 28% 25%
Healthcare
& Diagnostics
Pharma & Biotech
Academic & Government
Industrial & Applied
Our customers are taking notice of the unique value we can provide, and have recognized us on many occasions during the year. For example, our Research and Safety Market channel received the Excellent Supplier award from PPG Industries based on the quality, innovation, responsiveness and value that we delivered to help this leading coatings and specialty products company meet the needs of its own customers. We also received a Supplier Excellence Award from Texas Instruments for the third consecutive year based on the professionalism of our teams and the innovative design of new programs that help the company meet its goals for cost, environmental responsibility, technology responsiveness, and assurance of supply and quality.
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT Delivering on our value proposition is made possible through the determination of our employees, and we are committed to creating an environment where employees can grow and advance in their careers. Our Employer of Choice actions implemented during the year in many of our businesses led to stronger employee engagement, and we believe this will give us a critical advantage in the war for talent. We established new career development opportunities, such as our Develop- ing Emerging Leaders program for high-potential employees in Europe and Asia, which complements our existing Role of the Leader program for employees globally. And we continue to build on our Performance Management and Development process for every one of our 39,000 employees to help them set aspirational goals that are aligned with company objectives, and to achieve their goals while demonstrating our 4-I values of Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement.
I’m especially proud of the great progress we’ve made with our Corporate Social Respon- sibility strategy, which is based on a foundation of innovation, operations, service and philanthropy. Our commitment here extends from developing new energy-efficient and environmentally responsible products to running our operations in a way that removes waste through our Practical Process Improvement business system, or PPI. Our employ- ees devoted thousands of hours to community service through our growing number
of Community Action Councils, which encourage volunteerism at our major locations around the world. Through our philanthropic giving, we support strategic grants focused on inspiring students to pursue careers in science, technology, engineering and math. Our mission is, in fact, our greatest statement of Corporate Social Responsibility, and I’m grateful to our employees for their commitment to enabling our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer.
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE We’ve always been a company that is highly focused on leveraging operating efficiencies to deliver better products and services for our customers and strong performance at the bottom line. Our proven formula for operational excellence – a combination of PPI and PPI-Lean, global sourcing programs and optimizing our global footprint – is a core competency of our leadership. We implement these operational levers during the course of every year to varying degrees, depending on the business environment.
To manage through the challenges of 2011, we employed our PPI continuous improve- ment methodologies to drive out considerable operating costs. In global sourcing, we generated significant savings on our major contracts by leveraging our size and scale. In addition, we constantly evaluate our global footprint to align our operations
      REVENUE BY PRODUCT CATEGORY
  14% 33%
53%
Services Consumables
Instruments, Equipment & Software
  REVENUE BY GEOGRAPHIC REGION
  4% 15%
56%
ROW Asia-Pacific North America Europe
  25%
  3 | 2011 Annual Report

      with market dynamics, customer needs and labor costs. We have steadily improved our manufacturing productivity from a revenue-per-facility perspective by more than
35 percent over the past five years. The result of all of these efforts is that we were able to save more than $200 million in 2011 and expand our adjusted operating margin to record levels at a time when the global economy put added pressure on our top- and bottom-line results.
CAPITAL DEPLOYMENT The last key contributor to our strong earnings growth is our ability to effectively deploy capital. Here we focus on our long-term growth investments, such as strategic acquisitions, as well as returning capital to our shareholders.
We completed a number of strategic acquisitions in 2011, adding $1.1 billion in annual- ized revenues and, more importantly, expanding our offering in several high-growth markets. Dionex and Phadia were the most significant in terms of both size and market access. The addition of Dionex created a leading chromatography offering, including
ion and liquid chromatography instruments, software, consumables and services, that significantly strengthens our presence in growing applied markets and in the Asia-Pacific region. Phadia brought leading specialty in vitro diagnostic products for allergy and autoimmunity testing, greatly enhancing our position in high-growth specialty diagnostics for improving patient care.
From the standpoint of returning capital to our shareholders, we deployed $1.3 billion in 2011 to buy back more than 24 million shares of our stock. Even in a year that
was very active on the acquisition front, we were able to use our strong cash flow and balance sheet to increase shareholder value while maintaining financial flexibility.
As I stated in my opening thoughts, our primary financial goal is to consistently deliver strong EPS growth, and we managed through the economic uncertainty to accomplish that in 2011. A lot of hard work contributed to our performance, but our overriding mandate was simple – create value. For customers, it meant enabling productivity for greater results. For employees, it meant fostering a culture of engagement and growth. And for shareholders, it meant strengthening our company to generate a higher return on their investment. I’m proud of our achievements in 2011 and excited about
the opportunities we have for an even brighter future. Thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Best regards,
Marc N. Casper
President and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2012
THREE COMPLEMENTARY SEGMENTS
       Specialty Diagnostics
 20% Products
 Laboratory and Services
49%
  31% Technologies
 Analytical
           “Our primary financial goal is to consistently deliver strong EPS growth, and we managed through the economic uncertainty to accomplish that in 2011. A lot of hard work contributed to our performance, but our overriding mandate was simple – create value.”
                   2011 Annual Report | 4
  