TOLL BROTHERS 2014

P. 7

DEAR SHAREHOLDER
"TOLL BROTHERS HAS TRANSFORMED ITSELF INTO A NATIONAL MULTI-THREAT REAL ESTATE POWER BRAND, WITH A COMPLEMENT OF SUBURBAN, CLOSER-IN, AND URBAN OPTIONS FOR AFFLUENT HOME BUYERS AND RENTERS." -- BUILDER magazine, 2014 National Builder of the Year Award

As the housing market progresses through the early stages of what we believe will be an extended and uneven recovery, we are pleased to report significant progress in growing our revenues and profits. Since the recent low point in FY 2011, our revenues and net income have increased at compound average annual growth rates of 38% and 104%, respectively. In FY 2014, revenues rose 46% to $3.91 billion and net income nearly doubled to $340 million, compared to one year ago. Gross and net profit margins improved and stockholders' equity grew 16% to $3.85 billion. We ended FY 2014 with over $1.5 billion of liquidity: $598 million in cash and marketable securities, and $940 million available on our multiyear, 15-bank credit facility. While FY 2014 sales contracts were generally flat compared to FY 2013, recent trends have been encouraging. FY 2014 fourth-quarter contracts grew 16% in dollars and 10% in units versus FY 2013. The momentum has continued into FY 2015, with contract growth of 16%, deposit (nonbinding reservations) growth of 15%, and traffic growth of 37% through the first six weeks of FY 2015, compared to FY 2014's same period. We remain optimistic about the upcoming spring selling season, which begins in late January. We ended FY 2014 with a backlog of $2.72 billion and 3,679 units, up 3% in dollars and flat in units, compared to FYE 2013. Since our homes take an average of seven to nine months to build, we expect that FY 2015 unit volume deliveries will be similar to FY 2014. We believe we will deliver between 5,000 and 6,000 homes in FY 2015 at an average price of

between $710,000 and $760,000 per home. If the improvement in demand we have seen since August continues, we believe the higher end of that range would be more achievable. Looking to FY 2016, we are optimistic. With agreement volume up 16% year-to-date in FY 2015, continued community count growth, and model openings planned in key California and Texas communities, we are looking forward to improving core home building deliveries and operating margins in FY 2016. We also have some exciting major projects in New York City that will be delivering units that should boost income in FY 2016.

A Recovery with Room to Run
We believe the housing recovery has many years to run. Housing starts, through ups and downs from 1970­2007, have averaged about 1.6 million annually. According to Harvard University's Joint Center for Housing Studies, "Despite their rebound in the last two years, home sales and starts are still nowhere near normal levels. ... This was the sixth consecutive year that starts failed to hit the 1.0 million mark -- unprecedented before 2008 in records dating back to 1959." Meanwhile, the country has continued to grow. In 2005, the peak of the last housing cycle, U.S. population stood at 295 million. That number reached 316 million in 2013, an increase of 21 million people. Even with the well-publicized recession-driven lag in household formations (compared to population growth), there were still 4.6 million more households in 2013 than in 2006.

P. 8

TOLL BROTHERS 2014

"LOOKING TO FY 2016, WE ARE OPTIMISTIC. WITH AGREEMENT VOLUME UP 16% YEAR-TO-DATE IN FY 2015, CONTINUED COMMUNITY COUNT GROWTH, AND MODEL OPENINGS PLANNED IN KEY CALIFORNIA AND TEXAS COMMUNITIES, WE ARE LOOKING FORWARD TO IMPROVING CORE HOME BUILDING DELIVERIES AND OPERATING MARGINS IN FY 2016."
Against this backdrop of increasing population and underproduction, the luxury market remains quite fragmented. We are the only major publicly-listed home building company that focuses on the luxury market on a nationwide basis. Our primary competitors, the small and mid-sized local builders, remain constrained by limited access to capital. With 47,200 home sites owned and controlled, we believe we have an attractive portfolio of well-bought and attractively located current and future communities. We believe these communities should support our growth as housing continues to recover, pent-up demand is released, and the industry returns to historical levels of production and demand. February. It boosted our California community count significantly, particularly in the San Francisco suburbs, where our land supply had dwindled due to cautious buying as home site prices escalated. With Shapell, at FYE 2014, we were selling homes from 25 communities in California representing 9.5% of the Company's total selling communities, compared to 9 communities representing 4% of our total a year before. We have also targeted the state of Texas for growth. Dallas is our largest market in Texas, and we have expanded in both Houston and Austin as well as maintained steady operations in San Antonio. Since land in Texas is more plentiful and approvals are more easily obtained than in California, we have developed a three-pronged strategy: building homes in established master plans where we can buy finished lots or sites with infrastructure in place, developing our own communities, and creating large master plans ourselves -- some on our own and some in joint venture -- that we can distinguish with their quality, location, and amenities. We now have four large master planned communities, ranging from 900 to 7,000 home sites, where we will build homes and sell lots to other builders, which will generate additional income. Two of these are in joint venture, and two are wholly owned. Our City Living Division, which is heavily concentrated in the metro New York City market, remains a key engine for growth and profits. We entered this market a decade ago and began building our for-sale condominium brand: Toll Brothers City Living. In FY 2014, we continued to add to our pipeline of projects. Currently we have 837 units in projects open or soon to open for sale, with another 1,203 units we control that are in the approval process. In FY 2016, deliveries from Toll Brothers' City Living Division, particularly from Manhattan's 400 Park Avenue South and 1110 Park Avenue, should provide substantial income and

Growth in High Barrier-to-Entry and High-Growth Markets
Since the 1990s, we have been the dominant luxury home building company in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic suburban corridor stretching from metro Washington, DC, to metro Boston, the most affluent and densely populated corridor in the United States. In recent years, we have focused on diversifying and expanding our presence within several other high barrier-to-entry and high-growth markets, most notably coastal California, Texas, and urban metro New York City. In FY 2014, we continued to strategically grow our land holdings in key markets, extend our product offerings across geographies, diversify our business lines, and strengthen our financial position. In February 2014, we completed the $1.6 billion acquisition of Shapell Homes, which had operated in California for over 50 years. With the acquisition, we gained 5,000 home sites in established communities in the very desirable coastal California markets surrounding Los Angeles and San Francisco. We were able to raise the $1.6 billion for the acquisition in a matter of days and were thrilled to close the transaction in early

The Marywood | Liseter | Newtown Square, PA

The Branell Versailles | The Enclave at Longview | Weddington, NC

TOLL BROTHERS 2014

P. 11

(left to right)

RICHARD T. HARTMAN , President, Chief Operating Officer ROBERT I. TOLL , Executive Chairman of the Board DOUGLAS C. YEARLEY, JR. , Chief Executive Officer MARTIN P. CONNOR , Chief Financial Officer

improve core margins, while deliveries from Pierhouse at Brooklyn Bridge Park and The Sutton, also in Manhattan, should significantly boost joint venture income* in FY 2016. We will be opening our first urban metro Washington, DC, condominium project for sale in FY 2015 and are looking to grow our Philadelphia presence. We are currently exploring entry into San Francisco, Boston, and Miami as well. We continue to expand our Toll Brothers Apartment Living pipeline. Toll Brothers Apartment Living was created to develop upscale Toll Brothers-branded rental communities in urban and suburban markets where we already have an established reputation and where we can capitalize on our land relationships, entitlement expertise, buying power, financial strength, and brand name. Building on our existing portfolio of 1,441 units, we currently have 1,920 units in construction, including 685 units nearing completion where leasing has begun, and nearly 3,000 in planning. We will continue to develop these projects in joint venture as we grow this rental business from Washington, DC, to suburban Massachusetts and explore other potential markets for urban high-rise, suburban mid-rise, and student housing rental product lines. In FY 2014, we produced $107.3 million in pretax income from our joint ventures, our other ancillary operations, and other sources, which we are growing strategically. We generated proceeds from our expanding land development business, executed sales of some noncore land and real estate holdings, monetized some previously unrealized gains, and continued to generate income as we operate and grow our mortgage, title, landscape, security, and
*Income from unconsolidated entities.

other businesses. We expect joint venture and Other Income to contribute between $75 million and $90 million in pretax income in FY 2015.

America's 2014 Builder of the Year: A Tribute to Our Entire Team
In May of this year, we were named National Builder of the Year by BUILDER magazine. In bestowing this honor on our company, BUILDER highlighted the quality of our brand and product lines, our ongoing diversification, our financial strength, and our ability to weather the downturn in solid fashion. As we look optimistically toward 2015, we express our gratitude to and admiration for our Toll Brothers colleagues, who strive to be the best and achieve the most each and every day. They are the reason Toll Brothers was honored as National Builder of the Year in 2014. We also thank our home buyers, who put their trust in us; our suppliers and contractors, who work beside us every day to achieve our customers' dreams; and our shareholders and financial partners, who support us with their capital and their confidence.

ROBERT I. TOLL
Executive Chairman of the Board

DOUGLAS C. YEARLEY, JR.
Chief Executive Officer

December 10, 2014

