Dear Shareholder: We have just completed our ninth consecutive year of record earnings, our tenth consecutive year of record revenues and our eleventh consecutive year of record contracts. Our record net income rose 46% in 2001 and has more than doubled in the past two years. Our stockholders' equity grew by 22% and our return on equity reached 28%. Over the past one, three, five, seven and ten-year periods we have produced compound average annual growth of at least 20% in stockholders' equity, 23% in revenues and 29% in earnings.
In fiscal 2000, tremendous demographics combined with constrained lot supplies and a booming economy pushed demand far in excess of supply and led to rapidly increasing home prices. With comparable demographics and home site constraints, we continued to raise prices through most of fiscal 2001 ­ until the economic slowdown and the events of September 11th took hold in the latter part of the year. Our orders grew through most of 2001, notwithstanding the dot.com implosion, the Nasdaq decline and numerous wellpublicized layoffs. Through August, we believed we were on track for another record performance in 2002 as demand for luxury homes remained healthy. The September 11th terrorist attacks accelerated the slide of an already fragile economy. We felt the greatest impact in the first few weeks after the events as consumer confidence and the stock market both dropped sharply. Due to the fallout from the attacks, coupled with delays in opening new communities, our ten-plus year string of 42 consecutive quarterly year-over-year records for signed contracts was ended in our fourth quarter of 2001. As a result, our year-end backlog of $1.4 billion was slightly below the previous year-end record. Recently our optimism for 2002 has been rekindled as we've begun to see renewed vigor in the luxury market. Although results have been volatile from week to week and market to market, we have seen signs of strength in nearly all of our territories. What began as a gradual but choppy recovery has started to accelerate: our deposits per community in the last four weeks were 20% ahead of last year's pace. Although none of us can predict the economic impact of current world events, we see many positive signs for home builders. Aggressive interest rate cuts from the Federal Reserve have brought mortgage rates down to near thirty-year lows. The financial markets appear to have stabilized and consumer confidence, by several measures, is on the rise. Meanwhile, municipalities continue to create new rules and requirements for securing final approvals that delay the start of construction and the opening of new communities. In the short run these regulations can hamper our results, but in the long run they create barriers to entry and further constrict the supply of available home sites. This environment favors Toll Brothers and other large builders with the capital and expertise to prevail through arduous approval processes. With control of more than 39,000 home sites in many of the nation's most affluent markets, we will continue to gain market share from our smaller, less well-capitalized luxury market competitors. Since last March, when experts now tell us the recession began, both the home building industry in general, and our Company in particular, have demonstrated great resiliency. We hope and believe that investors will start to recognize that home building is now a much more stable, less cyclical industry than it was a decade ago. It is dominated by well-managed multibillion dollar firms who can be relied upon to navigate through difficult periods in the economy. The cycles are further moderated by a highly liquid home mortgage market and restrictive land approval processes that limit

Sitting left to right: Robert I. Toll, Chairman of the Board and C.E.O.; Zvi Barzilay, President and C.O.O.; Wayne S. Patterson, Senior Vice President; Joel H. Rassman, Senior Vice President, Treasurer and C.F .O.; Bruce E. Toll, Vice Chairman of the Board Standing left to right, Vice Presidents: Barry A. Depew; Thomas A. Argyris, Jr.; Douglas C. Yearley, Jr.; G. Cory DeSpain; Richard T. Hartman; Edward D. Weber

3

TOLL BROTHERS 2001 ANNUAL REPORT

The Strathmore Kitchen, Texas

home site availability. Perhaps, as this stability becomes better understood, the large public home builders will receive the earnings multiples and valuations that we deserve. Believing in our Company's unrecognized value, we repurchased over 2 million shares of our Common Stock in fiscal 2001. Because we sign contracts with our buyers and then build their homes, we can reasonably predict our next six to nine months' results. Based on our existing year-end backlog, which was down 1.6% compared to one year ago, and early 2002 signed contracts, fiscal 2002's first three quarters, though probably not another record, should be very strong. We will continue to pursue our strategy of growth and product diversification. We ended fiscal 2001 with 155 selling communities compared to 146 at FYE 2000 and expect to have open 175 selling communities, including our first communities in San Antonio and Denver, by FYE 2002. With more selling communities, we believe 2003 should be outstanding as we will be in an excellent position to continue the dynamic growth that has characterized our performance of the past decade. The demographics supporting the luxury new home market in all our product lines should continue to drive demand through this new decade. Affluent households remain the fastest growing economic group of home buyers, and maturing baby boomers are entering our luxury move-up, empty-

nester and active-adult target markets in record numbers. For 34 years in the home building business, and 15 as a public company, we have survived and flourished through many economic cycles. The steps we've taken in the past decade to increase our capital base, diversify our product mix and expand geographically should help us to remain strong through downturns and capitalize on our strength as the economy rebounds. In a weak economy, there is a flight to quality. Buyers are drawn to builders with strong balance sheets and brandname reputations who can deliver quality homes on time and provide strong customer service. Land sellers seek out those with capital and the ability to complete transactions. Banks become more selective in the firms they will lend to. As the dominant luxury home builder in the United States with a national brandname reputation, this flight to quality will benefit our Company. As one of just three home builders with investment-grade ratings from all three rating agencies ­ Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch ­ our financial credentials are excellent. To assure ourselves an adequate capital supply to support growth, we've continued to solidify our capital base. This past spring we extended to 2006 the maturity of $445 million of our 16-bank revolving credit facility. And in November 2001, we raised $150 million through a 10-year 8.25% senior subordinated public debt offering.

We begin fiscal 2002 with ample liquidity, a superb management team and a sense of determination and focus. In a climate of economic uncertainty, we will work harder and be more attuned to the messages that the market place is sending us. Our diligence will prevail and our commitment to excellence will enable us to thrive as we continue to satisfy the dreams of the growing waves of luxury home buyers in our expanding geographic domain. The pride we take in this year's accomplishments is muted by the pain we feel as we recall the tragic events of September 11th. On September 12th, the day after the attacks, on behalf of all of Toll Brothers, we committed $1 million to support the families of victims, rescue workers and others impacted by the terrible events. We joined with a number of other major builders to galvanize our industry to raise additional funds to support the rescue efforts. As we enter the new year, our thoughts and prayers continue to go out to all those affected by the tragic events of September 11th. We thank our shareholders and home buyers for placing their trust and confidence in us. And we thank the wonderful associates of Toll Brothers, whose extraordinary efforts and accomplishments have led us to new heights and made Toll Brothers America's leading builder of luxury homes.

ROBERT I. TOLL

BRUCE E. TOLL

ZVI BARZILAY

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Vice Chairman December 11, 2001

President and Chief Operating Officer

5

TOLL BROTHERS 2001 ANNUAL REPORT

