                    To Our Shareholders:
For Travelers, 2009 proved to be a defining year. We delivered exceptional financial results including net income per diluted share of $6.33, the second highest
in the company’s history and just below our all-time high in 2007. We also posted an operating return on equity of 14.0 percent for the year. We are very pleased with these results, particularly in light of the continued substantial disruption in the financial markets and challenging investment conditions.
We continue to leverage our competitive advantages to execute successfully in the insurance marketplace, generating attractive returns and returning excess capital to our shareholders. During the year, we announced a
10 percent increase in our dividend per share, and we continued our share repurchase program, repurchasing 69.4 million common shares for $3.3 billion. At year end, all of our financial strength indicators were at,
or better than, target levels.
In 2009, we continued to distinguish our company, disproving a common assumption that one insurer is as good as another. The value that we deliver to our agents and brokers and to our customers through the quality, expertise and responsive service of our people has been a key driver of our ability to outperform in a difficult market. The company’s standing as a leader has never been more apparent. One indication of that was the selection in June of Travelers as one of the 30 stocks comprising the Dow Jones Industrial Average, one of the best known stock market indices in the world.
Given our strong performance this year, particularly relative to many other financial services companies, let me share with you my thoughts on two questions that we have asked of ourselves: Why do we believe Travelers has performed
so well? What does Travelers’ success mean for our stakeholders in 2010?
 “We are disciplined about the use of our shareholders’ capital. We manage it with a view that we should be appropriately compensated for the risks that we assume. We will not deploy capital in either our insurance or investment operation if the expected risk-adjusted return is not consistent with our strategy. Some critics might call this ‘conservative,’
but we firmly believe it is appropriate. To do otherwise would be foolish.”
Jay S. Fishman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
1
     
                    2 2009 Annual Report
The Travelers Institute provides thought leadership on insurance and financial issues
Travelers established The Travelers Institute in 2009 as a means of participating in public policy dialogue on matters of interest to the property and casualty insurance sector, as well as the financial services industry more broadly. The Travelers Institute draws upon the industry expertise of Travelers’ senior management and the technical expertise of its risk professionals and other experts to provide information, analysis and recommendations to public policy makers and regulators.
A current key initiative of The Travelers Institute is the Travelers Coastal Wind Zone Plan, a proposal to improve the availability and affordability of catastrophic wind insurance coverage in communities along the Gulf and Atlantic coasts. The Coastal Plan proposes the creation of four coastal hurricane zones to improve the spread of risk; promotes risk mitigation strategies, such as better building codes and prudent land use planning; and advocates for rating transparency and a consistent regulatory environment.
In order to raise awareness of the financial threats posed to coastal areas, The Travelers Institute is hosting a series of regional symposia to bring together business, government and community leaders to identify strategies and solutions to protect and insure hurricane-prone coastal regions. The series was launched in October 2009 with the South Carolina Coastal Risk Symposium, hosted in Charleston. The panel discussion reinforced that long-term solutions for protecting the Gulf and Atlantic coasts will come from a broad base of leaders collaborating and urging policy makers to action.
Another key initiative for The Travelers Institute is promoting and raising awareness for catastrophe readiness. As part of this initiative, The Travelers Institute hosted the Partnership on Mitigation Summit in December 2009, convening a panel of experts to discuss strategies for making homes more resilient. Panelists presented loss experience data that shows the dramatic benefits of mitigation strategies, including stronger roofs, improved building codes and enhanced land use planning, which effectively can reduce potential future hurricane losses.
At the South Carolina Coastal Risk Symposium, Eric Nelson of Travelers; Leslie Jones of the South Carolina Department of Insurance; Joan Woodward of The Travelers Institute; Deb Callahan of The Heinz Center; and Charleston Mayor Joseph P. Riley Jr. participate in the panel discussion.
   Why do we believe Travelers has performed so well?
Our performance in the challenging economic environment of the last two years comes not from what we did in these years alone, but rather was the product of decisions made over many years. There have been a number of key drivers of our success.
•Setting aggressive but reasonable goals. We believe that unreasonable goals drive unreasonable actions. That is why we provide a consistent message for our investors and for our employees: our stated goal is to deliver a mid-teens return on equity over time. By doing this, we have set an aggressive but reasonable financial goal for a financial services company, and our employees thoughtfully have balanced risk and reward to achieve that goal.
Related to this, there are two questions we ask ourselves frequently: Are we meeting current return expectations? Are we investing sufficient capital and resources so that our business has longevity and will stand the test of time? We manage our company for the long-term, and if we can answer “yes” to these two questions, then we believe we are creating value for our shareholders.
When it comes to the responsibility of leadership to determine what is, in fact, important, perhaps you will remember the movie, “City Slickers.” For those of you who saw it in the early 1990s and chuckled as I did, you will recall when Curly, played by the late Jack Palance, raises his index finger and says, “Do you know what the secret of life is? One thing, just one thing. You stick to that.” And when asked what the one thing is, he says, “That’s what you have to find out. You have to focus on what’s important.” Of course, life — and business — are not always quite as simple as the movies suggest, but being clear on goals is imperative.
•Active and engaged management of risk and reward. We are disciplined about the use of our shareholders’ capital. We manage it with a view that we should be
   
                 appropriately compensated for the risks that we assume. We will not deploy capital in either our insurance or investment operation if the expected risk-adjusted return is not consistent with our strategy. Some critics might call this “conservative,” but we firmly believe it is appropriate. To do otherwise would be foolish.
This discipline, along with effective risk oversight by our management risk committee and our board committees, including our dedicated board risk committee, have been key to our success and have enabled us to avoid the crises faced by many other financial services companies over the recent past.
When we believe we cannot invest shareholders’ capital consistent with our return objectives, we will return excess capital to our shareholders through our share repurchase program and dividends.
• Inspiring confidence through transparency. Disclosure is a matter of self-interest. In addition to being fundamental for earning the confidence of various important constituencies, including customers, the investment community and regulators, it is a valuable tool to help impose discipline on management’s approach to risk. Our commitment to transparency forces all of us to think hard about the risks we face every day and the programs we have in place to manage those risks.
•Relying on our more than 30,000 employees. We are very fortunate to have a leadership team with an incredible depth and breadth of experience. We also strive to attract, retain and motivate the best employees in the business at all levels throughout the company. As a result, we have continuity and expertise, with company tenure of our underwriters averaging almost 13 years, risk control consultants averaging more than 14 years, and actuaries and claim unit managers averaging almost a decade.
This means that as an institution we have retained, and continue to learn from, our lessons — good and bad — from the past. As a result, we have a strong experience base upon which to judge current events and make decisions.
•Serving business partners and customers. We realize that every day we must earn the loyalty of our agents and brokers and our customers, who in turn will spread the word about the quality products and service they have received from Travelers. Therefore, we seek continuous improvement in all of our interactions with them.
Traditionally, we have offered exceptional value to customers through our products and services. We
are known for our risk control expertise, our industry specialization and our claim service, all of which our customers cite as differentiators, and we have many more competitive advantages business by business. As we look broadly across Travelers, we have been able to make strides in better aligning our service offerings with the evolving needs and expectations of customers.
For example, we developed TravelersExpressSM, our innovative quote-to-issue technology to help agents process small commercial business more quickly, a key advantage for them. Also, as we recognize that no two businesses are the same, we created Travelers IndustryEdge®, a blend of specialized expertise, industry-specific products and dedicated risk control and claim services. IndustryEdge helps manage the complex and evolving risks unique to the many industries we serve.
What does Travelers’ success mean for our stakeholders in 2010?
By continuing to adhere to the principles that have been at the core of our success, we have great confidence in our outlook and believe we will continue to provide leading returns to our shareholders, best-in-class service for our
3

                    4 2009 Annual Report
Leadership development is a key competitive advantage for Travelers
At Travelers, we know that smart investment in opportunities and development for employees results in significant returns for the company. In fact, when asked what brings employees to Travelers and what keeps them here, many employees indicate that it is the company’s commitment to employee development.
That focus has also yielded recognition for Travelers. In 2009, for the third consecutive year, Travelers was named one of BusinessWeek’s Best Places to Launch a Career, in the magazine’s annual ranking of U.S. employers.
We pride ourselves on offering a dozen leadership or development programs, which allow participants to increase business and industry-specific skills. Through a combination of rotational assignments, on-the-job and classroom training, participants learn by doing and, at
the conclusion of the program, have a better idea of which opportunities within the company are the best fit for them.
For those at every stage of their career, the company offers the Leadership Pipeline, a series of seven courses that address the progression of becoming a leader. Applicable courses are offered for entry-level to middle-management employees and also for executive enrichment. All employees can also benefit from the more than 2,000 business-specific courses available on the company’s intranet.
Travelers’ flagship Claim U in Windsor, Conn., was opened in 2007 and serves as the company’s state-of-the-art training facility that builds upon the company’s long-standing tradition of providing customers with highly-trained, expert claim professionals.
Pictured is a classroom at Claim U in Windsor, Conn. In 2009, Claim U provided more than 147,000 hours of training to Travelers employees.
    agents and brokers and our customers and rewarding career opportunities for our employees.
We also are mindful of our civic responsibilities. In 2009 we provided nearly $19 million in grants to not-for-profit organizations and thousands of hours of employee volunteer help to support the communities in which we live and work. We also extended our title sponsorship of the Travelers Championship, the annual PGA TOUR event, which generated more than $1 million in 2009 to support the efforts of Connecticut charities including The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp and the Greater Hartford Jaycees. Our success enables us to continue our philanthropic engagement.
For guiding us in our efforts, we are extremely grateful to our Board of Directors, an engaged group of individuals who challenge us all and offer their collective experience and perspectives. We want to extend a very personal and special note of thanks to Bob Lipp, who is retiring from our board this year. Bob has been associated with Travelers for nearly two decades, having begun with the company as
I did in the early 1990s and having served as an executive and a board member in a number of critical roles. He has been integral in shaping the company we are today, and he remains a good friend to us all.
It was a great 2009 — a year that further defined Travelers’ position as a leader in financial services. This capped a five-year performance of which we are extremely proud. We look forward to 2010 with every confidence.
Thank you for your continued support.
Jay S. Fishman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    