  To Our Shareholders:
By any measure, 2007 was a very successful year for Travelers. We are pleased with our performance from a number of perspectives, but I would like to highlight a few specific accomplishments:
First, we recorded annual operating income of $4.5 bil- lion, producing a strong return on equity of 18 percent. The underwriting results in each of our business segments were solid, and we continued to generally outperform our peer group in terms of growth, with an average 3 percent increase in net earned premiums across our operations and with business retention ratios at historically high levels.
Second, we sidestepped the key investment risks of 2007. The discipline of our investment group allowed us to navigate successfully through the most turbulent capital markets in recent memory by essentially avoiding invest- ments in – and subsequent losses from – the sub-prime mortgage market dislocation.
Third, several improvements in our Claim operations will allow us to provide even better service at claim time, when our customers need us most. One of our key 2007 accom- plishments was the launch of our state-of-the-art Claim training facility.
Finally, we ended the year extremely well capitalized, with all of our financial strength indicators at or better than the company’s target levels, including a debt-to-capital ratio of 19.4 percent compared to our 20 percent target. At year end, we had $26.5 billion of common equity, up
6 percent since the beginning of the year, after returning excess capital to shareholders through $2.9 billion of share
repurchases and $738 million of common stock dividends. Also, notwithstanding the substantial return of capital, book value per share increased 15 percent.
While we benefited during the year from relatively benign weather, the key contributor to our success was the strong underlying performance in our business. We built on the momentum and success of 2006, producing two consecu- tive years of very strong results.
Risk and reward revisited
Evaluating risk and reward is at the heart of what we do, both as underwriters and as investors.
As underwriters, our job is to help our customers manage the risks of potential financial disruptions in their lives and in their businesses and to earn an appropriate margin for doing so. Then, as we engage in the business of insurance, we generate funds that are invested.
As investors, we have two objectives – the first is to ensure that the company can meet its obligations to our policy- holders. We accomplish this by investing a majority of
our portfolio in highly rated fixed income securities that generate a stable level of investment income. Consequently, our bond portfolio has an average rating of AA+. A second objective is to take some incremental investment risk with the remainder of the investment portfolio to try to generate greater returns.
In both instances – underwriting and investing – it is our responsibility to be sure that our shareholders are being fairly compensated for the risks that we take with their capital. We believe Travelers is an organization that evaluates risk and reward with a superior level of informed sophistica- tion, and we are particularly proud of our 18 percent return on equity, which we consider an important measure of our success in evaluating risk and reward appropriately.
2007 Annual Report
1
Jay S. Fishman
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President

 At the same time, we strive to generate a consistent return to our shareholders. In the period between the April 1, 2004 merger of Travelers Property Casualty Corp. and
The St. Paul Companies, Inc., and December 31, 2007, we generated a total return to shareholders of 46.9 percent. Over the same period, we grew book value per share by 57 percent.* In addition, to the extent that our capital is above a level where we believe we can produce sufficient current returns and invest in our business for the long term, we return it to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Since we began our share repurchase program
in the second quarter of 2006, we have repurchased approximately 78.8 million shares for approximately $4.1 billion, and we have a long-standing record of uninterrupted dividends to shareholders.
The path to growth
An important aspect of our long-term success is the growth of our business – again with the mindset that we are only going to grow when we believe we can generate appropriate returns. The levers to generate growth in the property casu- alty insurance business are similar to those of any business: increase brand awareness; introduce new products and services to deliver what customers need and want; increase the number of distributors and improve product position; and provide more products to individual customers. So, where do we see some of our best opportunities for growth?
Personal Insurance – We are a major force in the personal insurance market, and we continue to make significant investments in that marketplace. In 2007, we added 1,600 new personal lines agent locations and introduced new agency prospecting tools.
We have continued the roll-out of our Quantum Auto® product, through which we currently generate about one in three Travelers personal auto insurance policies. Also, as the market leader in homeowners insurance through independent agents, we are proceeding with the roll-out of Quantum HomeSM. The Quantum products employ easy-to-use technology that allows us to underwrite and price policies with greater sophistication, which expands our ability to offer products to a wider range of risks with appropriately differentiated pricing.
Within Personal Insurance, we have also worked to broaden our geographic balance. While we have historically been strong in the Eastern United States, today well over half of our growth in Personal Insurance net written premium is
in non-East Coast states.
* Ex FAS 115 (Excludes unrealized investment gains and losses, net of tax)
Business Insurance – The growth formula for each of our commercial businesses is as different as the customers we serve, and we continue to work very hard to understand what our customers need and want and what is important to our agents and brokers in writing particular lines of busi- ness. As a result, we match the potential growth tactics to the unique circumstances in our respective businesses.
In Select Accounts, currently representing almost
$3 billion of small commercial premium, our approach
is three-pronged: appointing approximately 800 new agencies in 2007; continuing to roll out TravelersExpressSM, our innovative quote-to-issue process; and expanding our target markets from our historical “sweet spot” of offices, buildings and stores to additional small commercial indus- tries. TravelersExpress is the quintessential example of a successful application of technology to a business need. In the past decade, we have improved our ability to model and predict losses – and therefore appropriately underwrite accounts – through the use of technology. This means that we can process this business with an extremely low-touch model, which gives us a competitive advantage with agents and brokers who handle this high volume business.
In 2007, Commercial Accounts appointed approximately 500 new agents to help us provide the local presence that is so important to this business of individually underwritten mid- sized accounts. One key strategy for growth in Commercial Accounts is to offer highly tailored coverage and services
for specific industries through our IndustryEdgeSM products. So far, products have been developed for several industries, including auto dealers, printers, publishers, restaurants and hotels. While these industries themselves are hardly new, their risk management needs are evolving, and these special- ized offerings are fueling growth by providing up-to-date products to provide risk management solutions attractive
to both agents and policyholders.
Financial, Professional & International Insurance – Our Financial, Professional and International Insurance segment produced strong results in 2007, with operating income up 11 percent for the year. The management group of our U.S.-based surety and management liability businesses successfully integrated what had been separate business unit operations, enhancing analytics, refining our portfolio risk management and implementing meaningful cross-sell strategies with the Business Insurance units. Against the backdrop of the disruption in the financial markets, the performance of our businesses and the credit profile of our portfolio continued to be solid.
2007 Annual Report
2

We were also pleased with the International operations’ business flows and profitability. We made good progress with our international growth initiatives, including new regional branch openings in Canada and the United Kingdom, and we established Lloyd’s underwriting plat- forms in China and Singapore. We also received approval for a representative office in China, which is the first step in a multi-year process of establishing a primary insurance operation there.
Delivering more products to our customers – Where there is opportunity for us – where there is real opportunity
  Travelers proposes creation of Coastal Hurricane Zones
Insurance coverage for coastal regions has become increasingly challenging as the result of expanded coastal develop- ment, increased property values and the potential for increased frequency and severity of coastal storms. The Insurance Information Institute estimates that today there is almost $7 trillion of insured coastal property from Texas to Maine,
so solving today’s coastal hurricane wind insurance coverage challenge is critical to the nation’s economic future.
As an industry leader, Travelers has an obligation to bring thoughtful ideas forward to deal with the effects of a changing climate. In 2007, the company proposed the creation of Coastal Hurricane Zones along the Gulf and Atlantic Coasts and is working with state and federal policymakers, industry associations, academics and other partners to refine the concept.
Travelers’ Coastal Hurricane wind proposal creates a consistent regulatory environ- ment, with rates and coverage for named wind storms to be overseen by a federal agency. Furthermore, the zone concept would spread the named storm wind risk among a larger group of policyholders who are subject to the same risk.
Overall, we recognize that a changing climate requires a comprehensive response that will include enforcing stricter building codes, committing to prudent land-use planning, improving construction technol- ogy and acknowledging the true costs of coastal development. At the same time, we believe this Coastal Hurricane concept would, over time, increase the financial effectiveness of insuring coastal property for insurers and improve availability
and affordability of insurance coverage for consumers.
for us – is in leveraging the breadth of our franchise across individual agents and accounts. Agents have told us that even greater ease of access is a key lever for them to do more business with us. To that end, we have continued
to develop the role of our regional presidents.
These executives are charged with coordinating our deliv- ery of products and services across product lines. As an important part of this initiative, we have developed new and more sophisticated management information report- ing that guides our field team and allows us to measure progress more effectively.
The result of these efforts for agents and policyholders is customer-focused total account solutions and greater responsiveness.
Additional initiatives
Beyond the numbers and progress toward our growth objectives, 2007 was a year of many accomplishments for Travelers, among them:
Brand awareness – In the past year, we continued to invest in improving our brand awareness among consumers, agents and risk managers. We reacquired the iconic red umbrella with its history of more than 100 years of communicating “protection”; we changed our corporate name to Travelers to achieve consistency across our operations and accelerate our brand recognition; we inaugurated the Travelers Championship, revitalizing a PGA TOUR event with a 55-year tradition in Connecticut; and we delivered award-winning brand advertisements on television, in print and online.
Claim initiatives – Our Claim operations are benefiting from a series of actions over the past few years to provide better service and at the same time reduce costs associated
2007 Annual Report
3
  
 2007 marks inaugural year of Travelers Championship
In 2007, the inaugural Travelers Championship marked a new opportunity for the company to support the Greater Hartford community and to enhance its brand recognition.
The 55-year tradition of the PGA TOUR event at the TPC River Highlands was in jeopardy with no title sponsor when Travelers stepped in to save the tournament and create the Travelers Championship –
a move that was viewed as being good for business and good for the community.
Primary beneficiaries of the Travelers Championship are The Hole in the Wall Gang Camp, serving children facing serious illnesses, and the Greater Hartford Jaycees, a leadership development community service organization. In the inaugural year of the Travelers Championship, the tourna- ment doubled the previous year’s charity donation, generating more than $650,000 for charity and producing millions of dollars in economic development for the region.
The June 18 – 24 tournament drew 240,000 spectators who viewed golf greats such
as Vijay Singh and returning champion
J.J. Henry. Travelers offered hospitality
for more than 2,800 agents and received extremely positive feedback from them on the experience.
Also, the Travelers Championship was nationally broadcast on CBS and the Golf Channel and drew strong media coverage with more than 3,000 stories that high- lighted Travelers’ sponsorship.
The 2008 Travelers Championship will be held June 16 – 22.
Management
John J. Albano*+
Executive Vice President – Business Insurance
Bruce A. Backberg
Senior Vice President & Corporate Secretary
David E. Baker
Senior Vice President, Chief Compliance Officer & Group General Counsel
Scott C. Belden+
Senior Vice President – Reinsurance
D. Keith Bell
Senior Vice President – Accounting Standards
Jay S. Benet*+
Vice Chairman & Chief Financial Officer
Diane D. Bengston+
Senior Vice President – Enterprise Human Resources
Andy F. Bessette*+
Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer
William A. Bloom*+
Executive Vice President – Insurance Operations and Systems
Kathleen L. Bolduc*+
Executive Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer
Shane K. Boyd+
Vice President – Communications & Branding
James W. Chapman+
Senior Vice President – First Party Business Group
Charles J. Clarke*+
Vice Chairman
John P. Clifford Jr.*+
Executive Vice President – Human Resources
William E. Cunningham Jr.*+
Senior Vice President – Business Insurance
Irwin R. Ettinger*+
Vice Chairman
Jay S. Fishman*+
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
with claims. In 2007, in addition to launching our new Claim training facility, we continued to expand our highly-rated auto claim service facilities, opening seven new locations, for a total of 45 in 15 states.
Another Claim initiative significantly reduced the time from an automobile accident to an inspection to repair. This has improved the quality of our customer service while simultaneously reducing associated costs. We handle tens of thousands of auto claims every year, and the extent
to which we can improve the process even slightly results in significant savings. The success of this initiative can be seen in our personal auto claim severity results, which are better than industry trends.
We also have implemented an internal claim adjuster program that will provide us with a very real competitive advantage following catastrophic events. In 2005, during Hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Wilma, we and other insurers were heavily reliant on independent claim adjusters. As
the industry reached out to outside adjusters, they were
in incredibly short supply – one of the challenges we and others faced in responding to those storms. To address this,
2007 Annual Report
4
  
 Matthew S. Furman+
Senior Vice President & Group General Counsel – Corporate & Governance
Marlyss J. Gage+
Senior Vice President & Chief Underwriting Officer
William P. Hannon*+
Executive Vice President – Enterprise Risk Management & Business Conduct Officer
William H. Heyman*+
Vice Chairman & Chief Investment Officer
+
Chief Executive Officer – International
+ Patrick J. Kinney*
President –
Field Management
Michael F. Klein*+
President – Commercial Accounts
Thomas M. Kunkel+
President –
Bond & Financial Products
Joseph P. Lacher*+
Executive Vice President – Personal Insurance & Select Accounts
Samuel G. Liss*+
Executive Vice President – Strategic Development and Financial, Professional & International Insurance
Brian W. MacLean*+
Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer
William C. Malugen Jr.+
President &
Chief Executive Officer – National Accounts
Maria Olivo*+
Executive Vice President – Investor Relations and Market Development
Wade T. Overgaard+
Senior Vice President & Chief Corporate Actuary
Brian P. Reilly
Senior Vice President & Chief Auditor
Douglas K. Russell+
Senior Vice President, Treasurer & Corporate Controller
Scott W. Rynda
Senior Vice President – Corporate Tax
Marc E. Schmittlein+
President – Select Accounts
Alan D. Schnitzer*+
Vice Chairman & Chief Legal Officer
Peter Schwartz
Senior Vice President & Group General Counsel – Corporate Litigation
Gary L. Smith
Senior Vice President – Government Relations
Kevin C. Smith+
President – Northland & National Programs
Doreen Spadorcia*+
Executive Vice President – Claim Services
Kenneth F. Spence III*+
Executive Vice President & General Counsel
Gregory C. Toczydlowski+
Senior Vice President & Chief Operating Officer – Personal Insurance
*Management Committee Member +Operating Committee Member
Martin P. Hudson
+
President – Technology
we now have trained selected employees within our com- pany so that we have greater internal resources available to respond to a large storm. We believe that we could now respond to a Hurricane Katrina-like event without turning significantly to outside adjusters.
Community support – We continued our tradition of supporting the communities in which we live and work through our 2007 foundation and corporate grants that totaled more than $17 million. One significant effort is the Travelers Education Access Initiative that was developed to help address both educational and workforce challenges in our key communities. The program is designed as a series of relationships with colleges and universities that will increase the number of underserved students going
to college; help ensure that students from underserved communities graduate from college; and build awareness of careers in insurance, potentially contributing to our pipeline of new talent.
In 2007, we instituted relationships with the University of Minnesota and Capital Community College in Hartford, Conn., and we expect to form three additional relationships in 2008.
Conclusion
William M. Rohde Jr.
I want to again thank our 33,300 employees for their diligence and their expertise that contributed to our 2007 business success. I also would like to thank our agents and brokers who interface with our customers and provide us with important market insights that lead to product and service enhancements.
I would also like to extend a special thanks to our Board
of Directors for their advice and counsel. Our board mem- bers are extremely engaged and represent a wide range of viewpoints that help us to respond to our ever-changing business climate and corporate responsibilities.
Looking ahead to 2008, there is some indication that the investment environment will continue to be more chal- lenging. The insurance markets are also likely to become modestly more competitive. I believe, however, that Travelers is extraordinarily well positioned, and we see more opportunity ahead. We will never stop looking for ways to accelerate our well-earned momentum.
Jay S. Fishman
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
 2007 Annual Report
5
