2008 Annual Report

To Our Shareholders: "We manage our business with long-term returns and profitability in mind, which helps to ensure that our risk-return equation is disciplined and thoughtful. Our company is more than 150 years old. Over this time, we have experienced both significant successes and failures, which have helped to develop our strong institutional memory and an appreciation for both good times and bad. This experience and resulting philosophy have kept our investment decisions straightforward and geared towards providing consistent and appropriate risk-adjusted returns over time, rather than responding to the investment idea of the day. It also is reflected in our underwriting operations, where we underwrite risks with a long-term and patient orientation."
Jay S. Fishman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

In 2008, the financial markets and the economy in the United States and abroad experienced substantial disruption. Against this challenging backdrop, Travelers delivered a successful year in 2008, recording annual operating income of $3.2 billion and an operating return on equity of 12.4 percent. We also stayed on track to meet our long-term financial goal of achieving a mid-teens return on equity over time. Since January 1, 2005, the first full year following the Travelers-St. Paul merger, we have achieved an average annual operating return on equity of approximately 14.5 percent. Critical to our success this year was the very strong performance of our investment portfolio. Our long-standing, disciplined approach to evaluating risk and reward helped us to avoid significant losses from the asset classes that suffered substantial declines over the past 12 to 18 months. Another key contributor to our success was the solid underwriting performance in our business. For the year, we posted net written premiums of $21.7 billion, slightly higher than in 2007. Although pricing for our product declined somewhat on average, we continued to retain customers at historically high levels. At the same time, we saw a healthy flow of new business, driven in part by a flight to quality, particularly towards the end of the year. In addition, we successfully managed through significant storm activity, with catastrophe losses of $919 million after-tax ($1.408 billion pre-tax) for the year. Our investment portfolio, our capital position and our liquidity continue to be very strong, despite the significant disruption in the financial markets. At year end, our operating company capital remained at or above all of our target levels, our total debt-to-capital ratio of 19.5 percent was below our 20.0 percent target, and our holding company liquidity was $2.1 billion, almost twice our target of one year's worth of interest and dividends. Finally, while a number of companies in the financial services industry suffered ratings downgrades during 2008, Moody's upgraded our debt and insurance financial strength ratings during the second quarter. Moreover, our year-end book value per share* of $43.37 increased 5 percent from a year earlier, after giving effect to more than $2.1 billion of common share repurchases and $712 million of common stock dividends. We closed the year with more than $25 billion of common equity.

*Ex FAS 115 (Excludes unrealized investment gains and losses, net of tax)

1

We are extremely proud of what we were able to accomplish despite the significant disruption in the financial markets and the economic weakness experienced during 2008. We believe that our achievements in 2008 position us well for 2009 and beyond.

Why did Travelers perform so well in 2008?
Our strong 2008 performance resulted from the successful execution of our long-term strategy over several years. In particular, to achieve our goal of an operating return on equity in the mid-teens over time, we concentrated, and will continue to focus, on a few key operating principles, including: Evaluation of risk and return -- In last year's shareholder letter and many times before and since, we have said that our fundamental business is one of managing the balance between risk and reward, both on the liability side and on the asset side of our balance sheet. This philosophy has become part of our company's core culture and differentiates us from many of our competitors. Because it is tied to our history, culture and experience, it is not easily copied. Whether it involves a decision to underwrite a particular risk or to make a specific investment, we carefully assess the extent to which we are being adequately compensated for the risk we are taking.

Appropriate financial goals -- To guide us in our efforts, our stated goal has been to deliver a mid-teens return on equity over time. We believe return on equity is the appropriate measure for our business as it focuses attention not just on an absolute level of profits or profit growth achieved in any one period, but also on the assumed risk and the required capital to create profits over the longer term. Setting the correct financial goal helps to align the efforts within our company so that we are making decisions within this broad context. We incorporate the phrase "over time" because we want to encourage a long-term focus and because we appreciate that there is market cyclicality and, largely due to catastrophes, occasional volatility to our results. Long-term view -- We manage our business with long-term returns and profitability in mind, which helps to ensure that our risk-return equation is disciplined and thoughtful. Our company is more than 150 years old. Over this time, we have experienced both significant successes and failures, which have helped to develop our strong institutional memory and an appreciation for both good times and bad. This experience and resulting philosophy have kept our investment decisions straightforward and geared towards providing consistent and appropriate risk-adjusted returns over time, rather than responding to the investment idea of
(continued on page 2)

Financial Highlights
At and for the year ended Dec. 31, Dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts.

2008

2007

2006

Net Earned Premiums Total Revenues 1 Operating Income Net Income 2 Net Income Per Diluted Common Share Total Investments Total Assets Shareholders' Equity Total Employees
1

$ 21,579 $ 24,477 $ 3,195 $ 2,924 $ 4.82 $ 70,738 $109,751 $ 25,319 33,000

$ 21,470 $ 26,017 $ 4,500 $ 4,601 $ 6.86 $ 74,818 $115,224 $ 26,616 33,300

$ 20,760 $ 25,090 $ 4,200 $ 4,208 $ 5.91 $ 72,268 $115,292 $ 25,135 32,800

Operating income equals net income excluding the after-tax impact of net realized investment gains (losses). After-tax net realized investment gains (losses) were $(271) million in 2008, $101 million in 2007 and $8 million in 2006. Per diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding.

2

2

2008 Annual Report

(continued from page 1)

the day. It also is reflected in our underwriting operations, where we underwrite risks with a long-term and patient orientation. Strong operating focus -- Our employees have not been distracted by franchise-changing events, but instead have been focused on consistently executing our strategy in the marketplace. In other pages in this report, you will see the specific business accomplishments this year, which build consistently on our progress in previous years. Our initiatives of the past few years have paid off, and our top line results remained stable throughout 2008. These approaches, which have served us well in today's trying times, are combined with the company's real competitive advantages to build a foundation on which we can operate successfully.

Among those are the launch of our TravelersExpressSM product for small businesses and our Quantum Auto® and Quantum Home® products for individuals, all multivariate pricing products. We also have developed online quote and issue tools for Agribusiness, Inland Marine and Ocean Marine, among others. Customer focus -- Travelers knows that no two industries are the same, so our IndustryEdge® products and services are tailored to the specific needs of various industries. Specialized underwriters create products and services that are designed to help remove the uncertainty of complex and emerging risks unique to those industries; dedicated risk control services are aimed at minimizing risk and preventing loss; and dedicated claim services ensure the expertise needed to evaluate, defend and settle claims. Local access -- We have successfully formed a field organization, including the appointment of Regional Presidents, which allows our product breadth to be delivered locally with ease, and we continue to improve our local approach. This year, to better leverage our middle market broad product portfolio and to increase our distribution reach across our middle market businesses, we aligned the field staff of our Commercial Accounts, Construction, Technology and Public Sector businesses to increase our focus on specialization while also making it easier for agents to do more business with us.

Key competitive advantages
Travelers has a series of competitive advantages that allow us to attract business -- in good times and bad -- and to manage it appropriately. Simply put, we focus on providing quality products and services to our agents and our customers and in building the long-term value of our franchise. Key competitive advantages include: Unparalleled product breadth -- Our ability to underwrite successfully and respond to our agents' product needs matters significantly to them in that they can be more productive in their own businesses. Also, this breadth of business provides Travelers with diversification of underwriting risk and assists our company in supporting more sustainable and consistent profits. Significant scale -- The size of our business affords us an opportunity in a number of our businesses to analyze data using predictive modeling, and we believe, as a result, produce more consistent and predictable underwriting results over time. Our scale, in concert with our breadth of business, allows us to have an important position with our independent agents, and we are able to provide unparalleled information to them that helps them to manage their businesses. Ease of doing business -- Time is valuable to agents, and to strengthen our relationship with them, over the past several years we have initiated a series of products that have improved their ease of doing business with Travelers.

The future
As our results this year show, we are favorably positioned for and have effectively managed the challenging environment, delivering positive experiences for our customers and solid results for our shareholders. The competitive advantages noted above matter most in tough conditions, as independent agents and customers look for companies that will stand the test of time. Even in these challenging times, there are positive signs. In our underwriting operations, our recent data suggest that we may now be starting to see early signs of an improvement in the pricing environment in some areas. However, any potential rate increase in 2009 could potentially be offset by an overall decline in the demand for insurance. On the investment side of our business, while the market still remains quite difficult, we are hopeful that some investment areas in 2009 may provide opportunities. Our results over the last few years have demonstrated a consistent and successful approach to assuming and

3

Enterprise Response Strategy Tested by 2008 Storms; Proves Highly Effective
managing risks in order to achieve an appropriate return for our shareholders. Nothing in that approach or in our culture has changed. No doubt, the current environment presents us with significant risks -- risks of which we are very mindful and which we intend to address thoughtfully. We believe, however, that this environment also presents us with significant potential opportunities. We believe that our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, taken together with our thoughtful approach to risk taking, position us extremely well for these opportunities.
When Hurricane Ike slammed into the Texas coast in September and cut a swath of destruction across the middle of the United States, Travelers Claim employees were immediately available to help customers. Before the storm made landfall, teams of trained and equipped Claim professionals were ready to get to work. Our decision a few years ago to develop an innovative Enterprise Response strategy and a National Catastrophe Response Center meant that the Travelers Claim organization was able to quickly deploy thousands of cross-trained employees from other areas of the country to help customers, rather than, as is customary in our industry, relying on outside contractors. Even in the midst of widespread evacuations and telecommunications outages, Travelers was able to contact most of our customers within 48 hours of their reporting a claim to us and inspect, provide payment, and close the majority of all claims reported within 30 days. This new model has allowed Travelers Claim employees to not only assist customers in their time of greatest need, but also to build relationships that withstand the test of time.
Scenes such as this one, below, were commonplace throughout Hurricane Ike's path, which started on the Texas coast and moved north through the Midwest. Travelers' new response strategy means that employees are on site immediately following a storm and are able to help policyholders very quickly.

Thanks to our Board, employees and agents
I would like to take a moment to personally thank our Board of Directors and to offer our gratitude and best wishes to Dr. Glen Nelson, who joined our board in 1992 and is retiring this year. Glen has helped us successfully navigate the changes in this company and in this industry for the past 17 years, and I will miss his thoughtful insight and guidance very much. As we look ahead to 2009, we expect it will be a challenging year, but whatever the year holds, we believe that we are well positioned. Most of all, we have 33,000 employees, the best team in our industry, and because of the successful strategies we have employed here at Travelers and that I have outlined in this letter, we benefit from the best that our people have to offer. And we have approximately 14,000 independent agents who are committed to providing the best possible products and services for their customers. I believe the success we continue to experience, even in these difficult times, is the direct result of the continued hard work of all these individuals, and for that I am most grateful.

Jay S. Fishman Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

