          LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
   To our shareholders:
In 2010, Travelers produced another year of strong results against the backdrop of what continues to be a challenging and complex economic environment. We are pleased with our results not only because they reflect well on our accomplishments this year, but also because they demonstrate the competitive advantages of our franchise.
We produced net income per diluted share of $6.62, up from $6.33 in the prior year and second only to the $6.85 the company posted as its all-time high in 2007. Our book value per share increased 11 percent for the year after $5 billion in share repurchases and $670 million of dividends on common shares.
Our financial goal is to achieve a mid-teens return on equity over time. This goal motivates us to deliver industry-leading results over the long term by thoughtfully managing the risks we take and only assuming risks for which we believe we are appropriately compensated. Our 2010 return on equity and operating return on equity were 12.1 percent and 12.5 percent, respectively. Our average annual return on equity and operating return on equity for the period beginning January 1, 2005, and ending December 31, 2010 — the first six full calendar years following the Travelers-
St. Paul merger — were 13.5 and 14.1 percent, respectively.
“Our long-term approach, which is deeply embedded in our culture, has enabled us to successfully navigate the financial crisis and the extended economic downturn.” JAY S. FISHMAN, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The relevance of the phrase “over time” in our stated goal should not be underestimated. We believe that this goal
is consistent with our careful balance of risk and reward and encourages a long-term perspective. This goal also recognizes the historic cyclicality of our business resulting from general economic conditions, the investment environment and pricing in the insurance industry, as well as the variability in our financial results from period to period. That variability is due in large part to the periodic occurrence of catastrophes as well as changing estimates
of costs for claims which have been incurred but not settled, particularly in longer tail insurance lines.
Our long-term approach, which is deeply embedded in our culture, has enabled us to successfully navigate the financial crisis and the extended economic downturn. Despite
the various challenges in the economy and faced by our industry over the last several years, our consistent top-tier performance demonstrates a fundamental competitive advantage that we have in assessing risk and reward on both the asset and liability sides of our balance sheet.
It is important to note that our successful investment performance over the past several years has resulted
from thoughtfully avoiding significant and well publicized pitfalls and problems through a disciplined analysis of risk and reward. Great credit goes to our entire investment team. They continue to execute in a manner consistent with Travelers’ long-standing philosophy: we are an insurance company supported by our investment operation, not an investment company funded by an insurance operation.
To be sure, we and other property and casualty insurers faced many challenges in 2010. First, catastrophe losses were unusually high, mainly due to a number of wind, hail and winter storms. In addition, the economy remained sluggish, and modest inflation in loss costs combined with difficulties in achieving pricing gains put pressure on margins in our commercial businesses. Finally, the investment environment offered extremely low short-term interest rates and low returns on alternative investments when compared to historic levels.
Notwithstanding these challenges, we are maintaining our financial goal of generating a mid-teens return on equity over time. Implicit in this, of course, is the assumption that “over time” some of the underlying fundamentals in our
2010 ANNUAL REPORT 3
         7386_Narrc1.indd 3
3/16/11
9:58 AM

        RETURN OF CAPITAL
TO SHAREHOLDERS
During 2010, we paid approximately $670 million in common share dividends and returned approximately $5 billion to shareholders through share repurchases, providing an effective cash yield of approximately 22 percent to shareholders based on our market capitalization at the beginning of the year.
DIVIDENDS PER COMMON SHARE
$1.41
$1.13 $1.19 $1.23
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010
2.58%2
COMMON SHARE
REPURCHASE ACTIVITY
Since Travelers began its share repurchase program in May 2006, the company has repurchased nearly 289 million shares for approximately $14.5 billion at an average price per share of $50.15. The total number of shares repurchased through December 31, 2010, represents approximately
42 percent of the shares that were outstanding at the time the program began.
     $1.01 $.91
        Dividend Yield
     Shares Repurchased
Cost
Average Price
2010
95.7 million $5 billion $52.24
Since May 2006
288.9 million $14.5 billion $50.15
   In January 2011, the Board of Directors authorized an additional $5 billion of common share repurchases in addition to the $1.5 billion remaining under previous authorizations as of December 31, 2010.
1 Compound Annual Growth Rate
2 Based on 4Q 2010 dividend of $0.36 per share and c4losi2n0g1sh0aAreNpNricUeAoLf $R5E5P.7O1RoTn December 31, 2010.
          business — the health of the economy, the investment environment and pricing in the insurance marketplace — will return to more normal levels by historical standards. In any event, given our competitive advantages, we are committed to generating top-tier performance in whatever market conditions we face.
Focus on customer retention and new business
In our insurance business, we have leveraged our franchise strength and size and our related data advantage together with our highly sophisticated analytics to generate attractive business opportunities.
• Business Insurance — In our largest business segment, we are extremely well positioned for an improved economic environment through several competitive advantages. First, our extensive product breadth allows us to respond to our agents’ and policyholders’ needs, and this advantage is enhanced when combined with the depth and strength of our distributor relationships. Second, we are applying significant customer-focused solutions to each business area. For example, in Commercial Accounts, we continue to expand our specialized IndustryEdge® suite of products and services to address the unique needs of the industries we serve. This expansion contributed to account growth within Commercial Accounts of approximately
4 percent for the year. In Select Accounts, our small commercial business, we have addressed the needs of agents and brokers who handle this high volume business through the easy-to-access, user-friendly technology of our TravelersExpress® quote-to-issue process. This technology contributed to 2010 account growth in Select Accounts of approximately 8 percent at a time when the small business market overall declined due to the challenging economic environment. And in National Accounts, we meet the needs of our largest customers by offering flexible program design and risk management services to better manage their total cost of risk.
• Financial, Professional & International Insurance — Bond & Financial Products, which comprises the surety and management liability businesses, benefits from a long-standing commitment to these markets and differentiates its approach
by offering value-added services. For example, we offer a benchmarking analysis to our construction surety clients to provide valuable insights on their business performance based on our industry-leading database. Also, our management liability modular policy suites provide options for coverage enhancements as a business or organization grows. In our International operations, we are leveraging expertise from across the company to deliver a greater breadth of products, specialized underwriting, enhanced claim and risk control services, as well as superior execution through the use of analytics. We are especially pleased with our recently announced joint venture with J. Malucelli Participações em Seguros e
Travelers began using the iconic red umbrella in the company’s logo in 1960.
In 2010, red umbrellas adorn a skyway that connects two of the company’s multiple buildings in downtown Hartford, Connecticut.
         7386_Narrc1.indd 4
3/16/11
9:58 AM
CAGR1 +9%

         LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
   74.1%
Total return to shareholders* from
January 1, 2005 to December 31, 2010
Resseguros S.A., Brazil’s market leader in surety. This joint venture provides a significant opportunity for us to leverage our leading U.S. surety franchise to enter the Brazilian market and to do so with a local market leader. The joint venture also provides an exceptional platform for expanding beyond the surety business and into the growing property and casualty market in Brazil. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2011.
• Personal Insurance — We continued to grow our Personal Insurance business in 2010, which was quite an achievement in a marketplace that is crowded with competitors and advertising messages. Net written premiums for the year were approximately $7.6 billion, a meaningful increase over the prior year. We are very pleased with our performance in both our agency auto and homeowners businesses, where we added policies while achieving pricing gains. Our success in these areas was due to several competitive advantages, including our sophisticated pricing and risk management, focused product delivery, superior claim performance and strong agency relationships. In our new direct-to-consumer business, we have made significant progress in our infrastructure and technology, positioning
us to offer auto and homeowners products and services to those consumers who desire to do business directly with an insurance company. Additionally, these improvements have enhanced the services we provide to customers who come to us through independent agents.
Looking ahead
As we enter 2011, we ask ourselves what the new year and beyond will have in store for business in general, as well as for the property and casualty industry and Travelers specifically.
We believe that, among others, two very different scenarios are possible:
• The foreseeable future could present similar or even
more challenging conditions to those we are experiencing today — high unemployment, low economic growth, low investment returns and an insurance cycle with soft pricing.
• Alternatively, the foreseeable future could present a more robust outlook, although potentially including inflation.
*Total return to shareholders is measured as the change in stock price plus the cumulative amount of dividends, assuming dividend reinvestment.
139 years
Travelers has paid cash dividends without interruption for 139 years.
While these are two very different ends of the spectrum,
we are positioning ourselves to execute in either environment, as well as along the spectrum.
To position the company for a low-growth environment, we continue to manage closely our cost structure at the same time that we invest in our businesses to improve our efficiency, effectiveness and risk selection capabilities, with the objective of reducing volatility in our results and improving performance relative to the insurance industry broadly.
With respect to the second scenario, inflation presents its own challenges for property and casualty insurance companies. Loss costs on existing claims tend to go up — potentially more than is reflected in our claim reserves. In addition, interest rates tend to rise in this environment, positively impacting investment yields but negatively impacting
the value of our existing investments in our fixed income portfolio. To address the possibility of inflation, we have further shortened the duration of our fixed income investment portfolio. In any event, we generally hold
our fixed income investments to maturity and, to that extent, temporary decreases in value of our fixed maturity investments should not become realized.
In either scenario, we believe that the creditworthiness of our fixed income portfolio is paramount, and we have adhered strictly to our strategy of maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio.
Finally, our business depends to a significant degree on our relationships. When economic times are tough, relationships are more important than ever. We continue to provide responsive, caring and focused service to our agents and brokers and to our policyholders. This dedication has been rewarded through agent and customer loyalty and enhanced reputation in the marketplace.
Commitment to community
As always, our commitment to the greater community extends beyond selling insurance. In 2010, we provided more than $21 million in community support in the form of grants, sponsorships and other giving, including through the Travelers Foundation. Our commitment and our efforts related to education and career opportunities
2010 ANNUAL REPORT 5
          7386_Narrc1.indd 5
3/16/11
9:59 AM

      JAY FISHMAN DISCUSSES FEDERAL DEFICIT CHALLENGE
Chairman and CEO Jay Fishman was invited to Washington D.C. in November to speak about the federal deficit. In
his presentation, “The Federal Deficit: Our Leadership Challenge for This Generation,” Fishman outlined what
he sees as a key economic challenge for the coming decade and its implications for business.
In the hour-long presentation,
Fishman captured the attention of the Washington D.C. audience by telling his personal story, beginning with a 1947 photo of four generations of his family. At the time, all four generations lived
in a two-bedroom apartment in the Bronx. Fishman’s father started and operated a small printing business.
He used his personal story to explain his interest in preserving America’s entrepreneurial spirit and opportunity. “I have been very directly the beneficiary of the American opportunity,” he said. “So, I feel a personal obligation to be engaged in preserving that opportunity, which I believe is at risk.”
Fishman used data from the Congressional Budget Office to show the progression in the federal deficit over the past decade, and he projected ahead for the next decade, noting that the implications of the federal deficit are very real for business. “As a business person, who actually has the good fortune of running a company that’s been in good shape, we’ve never seen economic conditions such as these.”
He advocated for solid leadership and planning that transcends politics and the election cycle to address the issues. “There’s a responsibility for all of us to begin to engage in and to demand that debate,” Fishman said.
6 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
         for underrepresented students have benefited both the community and Travelers as we have hired interns and scholarship recipients for full-time positions. Also, through our new field grant program, Travelers Community Connections, we have supported nonprofit organizations and schools in 18 states, where more than 700 of our employees have participated in volunteer activities for those organizations.
The Travelers Institute, which we launched in 2009 to more actively participate in discussions relating to matters of importance in our industry and in the financial services sector more broadly, has provided a means for Travelers to be a constructive participant in public policy dialogue. For example, we continue to facilitate meetings of public officials and business leaders in coastal communities to address natural catastrophe risks. Also, this year, we plan to host a series of symposia across the country to address the challenges that small businesses face.
Conclusion
On behalf of Travelers, I extend a very personal thank you to all of the individuals who have contributed to Travelers’ success this year. Insurance is a complex business, and every year is unique. After all, our everyday business is absorbing the risks that individuals and businesses cannot afford to retain on their own, and risks can take many forms with wide-ranging consequences. We are extremely grateful for the engagement and perspectives of our Board of Directors, our agents and brokers,
our employees and our customers. We extend a special note of thanks to Blythe McGarvie, who will retire from our board this year. Blythe has served this company and this board for many years, and we appreciate her many contributions.
As our iconic red umbrella conveys, we are committed to providing our customers with sound property and casualty insurance protection from the ever-changing risks they face. We are confident in our position and approach for 2011, leading us to say, “It’s better under the umbrella.”
 Jay S. Fishman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Chairman and CEO
Jay Fishman spoke to more than 200 business leaders, Congressional staff and members of the media
in Washington, D.C.
about the federal deficit and his concerns about
its potential impact on
the American opportunity.
        7386_Narrc1.indd 6
3/16/11
9:59 AM
