                                          “We recognize that the world keeps changing and with it, so do the risk management needs of our policyholders. Insurers who can antici- pate trends and developments, demonstrating that they are indeed looking out for the needs of their agents and customers, have a clear competitive advantage.”
Jay S. Fishman
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
A Year of Unprecedented Natural Disasters
A series of major windstorms made this year one of extraordinary challenges for our industry. The most dramatic of the storms, Hurricane Katrina, severely impacted the lives of residents and affected over 90,000 square miles in the southeastern United States. The devastation was unprecedented, and the impact will be felt for years to come.
Our claim professionals have been working tirelessly for months, responding to the human tragedy and doing their best to resolve tens of thousands of claims fairly and quickly. Thousands of claim professionals – some on the front lines and others in offices in cities such as Jackson, Houston and Atlanta – have gone above and beyond, working long hours under difficult circumstances and reaching out to our agents, brokers and policyholders in every way possible.
St. Paul Travelers also provided substantial corporate and employee support to American Red Cross relief efforts after Hurricane Katrina.
Looking to the Future – A Strategy for Growth
We begin 2006 with distinct advantages. We have an impressive, broad national reach – built upon excellent relationships with our distributors at a local level –
     To Our Shareholders:
For St. Paul Travelers, 2005 was a successful year. We produced solid financial results, notwithstanding losses from an unprecedented hurricane season, and we made real progress in positioning our franchise for future growth.
We recorded strong underlying operating performance across all of our business segments. Retention levels were at or near all-time highs, and we were pleased with our level of new business. We also achieved the efficiencies of scale we had identified at the time of our merger in 2004, and we did so more quickly than we had originally planned. Overall, despite after-tax charges of $1.5 billion for catastrophes and $548 million for an increase in our asbestos reserves, we recorded operating income in excess of $2 billion, realizing a nearly 10 percent operating return on equity.
This year also marked the sale of our majority stake in Nuveen Investments, which enabled us to invest the $2.4 billion in pre-tax proceeds in our core property casualty insurance business, significantly strengthen- ing our capital position and increasing our financial flexibility.
               2005 Annual Report 1

                                           making us a “go-to” market in our agents’ and bro- kers’ offices. While our relationships are deep in many individual product lines, they do not always reflect the breadth of insurance products and services that we offer. Therefore, one of our best opportunities for growth lies in our ability to increase distributor access to our range of products, which is among the broadest in the industry. We are pursuing strategies designed
to make it easier for distributors to tap into our many products and services. These strategies are based upon the foundation of offering quality products and services, delivered at competitive prices. The strategies include:
• Being Local. We are committed to delivering the bene- fits of our national franchise through a local operating structure. This structure enables us to respond to our agents like a smaller company, but offer the benefits and resources of a national leader. We are creating a strong culture of front-line relationship managers in the field, whose priority it is to deliver our complete franchise value to our agents and brokers. Our scale and national reach are competitive advantages, and we will continue to focus on providing the breadth of our product suite in a way that makes us the market of choice for all of the products and services we offer.
• Business and Marketing Collaborations. We have the expertise to meet the needs of a wide range of clients – from individual homeowners to small businesses to
The Mobile Claim Headquarters, the first of their type in the industry, are staffed by catastrophe response team members equipped with wireless technology and other equipment required to process claims in the midst of a disaster area.
Each of the vehicles has its own generator, so it can operate in areas without electricity and can process claims through wireless or satellite connectivity if land lines are not available.
The vehicles allow claims to be resolved more quickly and checks to be issued to policyholders on the spot.
complex multinational companies. We continue to share that expertise across our businesses to support marketing, underwriting and service initiatives. For example, our Global Underwriting business unit has successfully broadened its reach by partnering with National Accounts. Our collaborative efforts also are eliminating gaps in coverage for policyholders, such as through Boiler & Machinery now offering Equipment Breakdown coverage on all property policies under- written by Commercial and Specialty.
• Technological Advantages. Agents continually report that their primary consideration in choosing to work with an insurer is the ease of doing business. Our use of technology allows us to better meet this need. For exam- ple, our new Quantum AutoSM product uses state-of-the- art technology to enable us to respond to a broader segment of the automobile insurance market than pre- viously was available to us, which in turn has enabled agents to place more business with Travelers personal lines. This technology also enables us to deliver our quotes to agents in a desktop application that is simple and straightforward. The results have been encouraging.
Late in 2005, we successfully rolled out an updated plat- form for issuing small commercial policies that has broadened the types and classifications of business that agents now can quote directly. Again, early signs are encouraging.
2 2005 Annual Report
Mobile Claim Headquarters
Respond to Customers
The company’s seven Mobile Claim Headquarters – custom-built RVs designed
as mobile insurance claim offices that can provide claim services immediately following
a disaster – were stationed in the hardest-hit areas surrounding New Orleans, La., Mobile, Ala., and Jackson, Miss., following Hurricane Katrina in August. They also were deployed following Hurricanes Rita and Wilma and following the November tornados in Evansville, Ind., and Henderson, Ky.
  
                                        Risk Control Adds Services
St. Paul Travelers Risk Control provides services to help policyholders reduce risk exposures, protect property and save lives. In 2005, Risk Control added several tools and resources for Commercial and Specialty policyholders to help avoid injury to workers, including:
• Developed and released a new slip, trip and fall consulting tool to assist policyholders in recognizing those exposures.
• Developed and introduced a computerized handheld audit system to assist contractors with evaluating controls of jobsite hazards.
• Introduced a highly precise, state-of-the-art instrument for chemical analysis and contam- inant detection that provides policyholders with the information they need to better protect their employees and subsequently reduce workers’ compensation losses.
• Developed and introduced the Safety ViewTM employee survey, designed to help policyholders evaluate their safety management practices and generate recommendations for improve- ment. Safety ViewTM engages employees by asking for feedback on safety practices related to their jobs and reveals opportunities where employees and management can work together to improve safety.
  • Product Innovation. We recognize that the world keeps changing and with it, so do the risk management needs of our policyholders. Insurers who can anticipate trends and developments, demonstrating that they are indeed looking out for the needs of their agents and customers, have a clear competitive advantage.
For example, consider that less than a decade ago, identity theft as we now know it was not even on the radar screen. Today, it is an important element of any comprehensive personal risk management program. St. Paul Travelers was the first company to offer an insurance product to address identity theft, and we are now a proven leader in providing this coverage. In this same time period, e-commerce exploded, and we responded with comprehensive policies to address cyber risks. This year, Global Technology introduced an additional product to provide coverage for small, start-up technology companies. We also created a Global Underwriting small business unit to under- write global coverages as small businesses expand internationally – another business trend.
Industry Challenges
We currently live in one of the most challenging eras for our industry. The potential risks that society and our industry face from natural and man-made disasters are becoming more significant. To be successful as risks
evolve, companies must be ever-vigilant in monitoring the changes in the world in which we live – using both tried-and-true methods as well as new forms of analyses. Some of the issues we are monitoring closely include:
• Natural Catastrophes. Experts say we now may be
in a period of more severe Atlantic hurricane weather. This means that we must review our pricing, exposures, return thresholds and terms and conditions that we offer in coastal areas. It also means developing an expanded definition of “coastal exposure,” since Hurricane Katrina showed us that storms can wreak havoc far inland. In our evaluation of weather cycles, and the development of our resulting risk profiles, we are drawing on a wide range of resources to assist us in responding to changing weather patterns.
Proposals have been made suggesting increased federal involvement in the establishment of disaster pools for natural catastrophes. In contrast to these proposals, we believe it is the job of insurers to understand the changing weather cycles – which we have evaluated and assessed for years – and price risks accordingly. Given the highly competitive nature of our business, we believe a better answer lies in letting free markets work.
• Terrorism Insurance. Insuring severe nuclear, chemical, biological and radiological events represents an entirely different kind of risk-taking – one that historically
  2005 Annual Report 3
    
                                         has not been, and prospectively cannot be, insured by the private sector. Therefore, we were pleased to see the extension of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act for another two years. Now that the underlying frame- work is in place, we must work to find a permanent solution to the economic threat posed by this category of uninsurable risks.
• Asbestos Reform. We continue to believe in the valid- ity and necessity of asbestos reform. Today, the judicial system is burdened with claims from unimpaired individuals while truly impaired individuals can find it difficult to get appropriate compensation. Far too many claim dollars are spent on legal fees and transac- tion costs. We would support any reasonable solution that would help to ensure that impaired individuals are compensated appropriately for their injuries and eliminate the recently reported abuses of the judicial system related to asbestos claims.
Conclusion
I would like to thank all of the individuals who contributed to our great progress this year, including our Board of Directors and the more than 30,000 employees of St. Paul Travelers who together make our franchise first-rate. I also would like to acknowledge Bob Lipp, who retired from his position as Executive
Chairman in September. Bob’s numerous contributions to the success of this company, which date back to 1992, are deeply appreciated. His ongoing service on our Board of Directors ensures that his contributions will continue for some time.
We remain excited about our great potential. By lever- aging our significant competitive advantages, we expect to achieve higher levels of growth over time. That, in turn, should allow us to succeed in the future as we adapt to the continuous evolution of risk management. As we look ahead to 2006, we will build upon our position as a market leader and continue to make strides to realize our full potential.
Jay S. Fishman
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Strong Commitment to Communities
Once again this year, St. Paul Travelers demon- strated our commitment to the communities in which we do business. Our 2005 corporate and foundation contributions to nonprofit organiza- tions totaled more than $15 million to support the creation of strong, healthy and vital commu- nities. Grants were awarded to organizations that support community development, education and arts and culture. Contributions included a corpo- rate donation of $1 million to the American Red Cross for Hurricane Katrina relief efforts.
Our employees continued to show their willing- ness and capacity to help others, too, by con- tributing significantly to the American Red Cross
and to an Employee Disaster Relief Fund to help our own employees displaced from their homes by Hurricane Katrina. St. Paul Travelers and employees also contributed more than $2.6 million to local United Way organizations and other nonprofits as part of the company’s annual charitable fund drive.
St. Paul Travelers employees have been involved in the communities we serve for decades. From service on nonprofit boards and commit- tees to work on Habitat for Humanity homes, from school tutoring to local food shelf assis- tance, we understand that success requires a combination of investing both in the business and in our communities.
    4 2005 Annual Report
  