The Chairman’s Letter
To Our Shareholders:
In 2002, we substantially completed a successful, broad-based strategic repositioning of The St. Paul. We exited or refocused underperforming businesses, took actions to significantly improve the performance and profitability of our ongoing operations, and embarked on a number of new business strategies to enhance future growth.
That we accomplished so much in just a single year – having announced our new strategic plan at the end of 2001 – is testimony to the commitment and drive of our people. Change is never easy, but our employees embraced the company’s new focus and implemented these initiatives with a renewed sense of urgency.
Despite our strategic successes in both our insurance and asset management segments, our consolidated financial per- formance this past year was significantly hampered by the $307 million, or $1.35 per share, after-tax impact of the settle- ment of the Western MacArthur asbestos litigation. Accordingly, in 2002 we reported net income of $218 million, or $0.92 per share, compared with a net loss of $1.1 billion, or $5.22 per share, in 2001. Operating earnings increased to $290 mil- lion, or $1.24 per share, compared with an operating loss in 2001 of $941 million, or $4.52 per share. (Operating earnings represent net income excluding after-tax realized gains and after-tax losses from discontinued operations.) Total capital at the end of 2002 increased to $9.3 billion from $8.1 billion at the end of 2001.
Notwithstanding the cost of the Western MacArthur settlement, our results demonstrated dramatic improvement in the execution within our insurance segments. We achieved strong price increases and made significant improvements in our ongoing operations. Written premiums for these ongoing segments grew 22% to $5.9 billion in 2002. Adjusting for the settlement of Western MacArthur, the 2002 combined ratio of these operations was 95.9, driven by disciplined
underwriting and a meaningful reduction in expenses. We also benefited from an eighth consecutive year of record net earnings – $126 million in 2002 – from
Nuveen Investments, our asset management operation. Nuveen increased its
total assets under management by 16% to $80 billion in a very challenging securities market.
Insurance Operations
In December 2001 we embarked on a three-part strategic plan in our insur- ance operations designed to improve the company’s profitability and return
on capital, to generate more consistent and predictable earnings and to broaden the company’s business profile to provide for future growth
opportunities. The plan included:
Exiting or Refocusing Underperforming Businesses The first part of our plan was to exit or refocus businesses that could not produce acceptable profitability or presented too much potential
volatility to our results. We:
• Discontinued our medical liability business. This business had been unprofitable for some time, and we were unable to design a strategy that was likely to succeed. As a result, we made the dif- ficult decision to exit the business, issuing nonrenewal notices to nearly all of our medical liability policyholders by year-end 2002.
Jay S. Fishman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 TheSt.PaulCompanies2002AnnualReport 3

• Consolidated our international scope and our position at Lloyd’s. Over the course of the year, we closed or sold international underwriting operations that lacked sufficient scale to be competitive in their local markets. Our ongoing international insurance operations now include Canada, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland and our surety operation in Mexico.
In our Lloyd’s operation we combined our ongoing businesses into a single corporate syndicate in November 2002. With the launch of Syndicate 5000, we have strengthened our underwriting control and effectiveness and are better positioned to respond to market opportunities in the marine, aviation, property and specialty personal lines. Our ongoing International and Lloyd’s business produced a 2002 combined ratio of 90.9.
• Repositioned The St. Paul in the reinsurance marketplace. Rather than continue to operate St. Paul Re as a U.S.- based division of our company, we are now a minority shareholder in an exciting new Bermuda-based reinsurance underwriting company, Platinum Underwriters Holdings, Ltd. This transaction enabled us to redeploy the capital that had been supporting St. Paul Re and it also significantly reduced our exposure to catastrophes and the inherent volatility of the reinsurance industry.
Improving the Performance and the Profitability of our Ongoing Operations The St. Paul has significant competitive advantages in its core markets: a strong commercial lines franchise, a solid brand and substantial underwriting expertise. The second part of our plan in 2002 involved improving what we already do well: increasing efficiency, instituting more effective management reporting and analysis, and providing more information, authority and responsibility to line managers with respect to their businesses.
During 2002, we made progress in:
• Significantly reducing our expense structure. We established a goal of cutting $125 million from the run rate of corporate and insurance operation expenses by year-end 2002. We exceeded that goal by $50 million. Perhaps
more important than that expense reduction is the fact that we made solid progress in embedding a new and ongoing attitude about expense control throughout our company. This cost-conscious mindset will help us continue to identify areas where we can save money and assure that we are operating as efficiently as possible moving forward. These cost savings can then be reinvested into other parts of our business where there is the potential for profitable growth.
• Instituting more effective management reporting and analysis. We have improved our financial reporting system to include more detailed financial and operational data – down to the individual office level – to assist us in managing the business. This disciplined analytical approach, a key to our objective of producing higher and more consistent levels of profitability, helps us to better manage our risk profile and maintain the integrity of our balance sheet.
• Establishing performance measures and rewarding the best performers in the organization. Our improved financial reporting and analysis also provide the tools necessary to more effectively establish performance measures within our organization, and ultimately to assist us in evaluating individual performance. We worked hard in 2002 to put in place a culture of meritocracy that rewards the best-performing individuals in the company.
Building for our Future 2002 was not only about addressing problem areas and enhancing performance. The third part of our strategic plan was enhancing our core businesses and establishing new areas for profitable growth.
We laid the foundation for several important initiatives that are the core of our strategy as we move through 2003. Each has substantial potential for helping us realize our goal of more consistently delivering higher levels of earn- ings in 2003 and beyond.
4

In 2002 we made progress in:
• Becoming a key trading partner with our agents and brokers. In recent years significant consolidation has occurred among agents and brokers in the United States. We expect this trend to continue. These larger organizations seek to narrow the number of insurance companies with which they do significant business in order to become more efficient and profitable. Our goal is to be one of their key trading partners. We can do that by continuing to broaden the products and services we offer to agents and brokers and delivering a “consider it done” attitude: aggressive, responsive and professional. This will assure The St. Paul’s position as a “go-to” market.
• Introducing our Small Commercial platform. We began a major expansion of our small business insurance operation. This is a $50 billion market that is highly fragmented among insurance companies. We see plenty of market opportuni-
SM
ty for a focused and skilled national carrier. The core of our platform is SPCXpress , a state-of-the-art Web-based
underwriting tool, which enables agents and brokers to enter the information necessary to qualify, price, issue and
SM
endorse typical small business policies – all in a matter of minutes. Our products, St. Paul Mainstreet and St. Paul
SM
Advantage , have been enhanced to offer increased flexibility to small business owners at a competitive price.
Excellent service is key to success in the small commercial arena. Our national service center in Atlanta is devoted exclusively to meeting the customer service needs of agents and brokers and their small business clients. Our objective is to make doing business with The St. Paul inexpensive, fast and efficient, and we believe that we have set a new standard for the small commercial marketplace.
• Establishing our Property Solutions operation. In 2002 we combined our large account property and catastrophe risk underwriting expertise to form a unique organization called Property Solutions. This unit makes it easier for agents and brokers to work with us by providing a single point of contact within The St. Paul for large property accounts. It offers us the flexibility to underwrite a broad range of property insurance programs while managing our overall exposure.
• Expanding our Specialty Operations. A key component of our ongoing strategy involves expanding our position as a leading specialty insurance provider, offering value-added, industry-specific underwriting, loss control and claim expertise to select groups of customers. We are focused on increasing our presence in our current specialty areas and building or acquiring attractive new specialties that offer the potential for profitable growth.
For example, during the fourth quarter of 2002, we acquired the renewal rights to Royal & SunAlliance’s U.S. finan- cial and professional liability business. This business, representing approximately $125 million of written premiums, is similar to our own book of financial and professional liability business. And in February 2003, we purchased the renewal rights to a book of excess casualty business, representing approximately $155 million of written premiums, from Kemper Insurance Companies.
Nuveen Investments
Although investor uncertainty and marked stock market volatility characterized 2002 in the asset management business, Nuveen Investments continued to demonstrate its ability to succeed in serving affluent and high-net-worth individuals and institutional clients. I am extremely pleased with the performance of Nuveen and its leadership team.
In 2002, Nuveen’s record net earnings of $126 million were the result of disciplined cost management, record sales of investment products and managed asset growth. Nuveen, through its long-term, conservative investment philoso- phy and consistent product innovation, has attained a leadership position in exchange-traded funds and managed accounts, and is a growing factor in the institutional sector.
TheSt.PaulCompanies2002AnnualReport 5

Looking Forward
The year 2003 marks The St. Paul’s 150th anniversary – a milestone very few Fortune 500 companies have achieved. As a result of our hard work in 2002, we are positioned to enter our second 150 years more dynamic and more competitive than ever. Accordingly, while uncertainties abound in the economy and general environment, we continue to believe that 2003 will be a year of continued progress for The St. Paul.
Low interest rates, significant losses suffered by the insurance industry in the aftermath of September 11, 2001,
as well as industry losses across many other product lines are contributing to the expectation that insurance prices will continue to rise in 2003. For strong, efficient companies such as The St. Paul, we expect these trends to drive improved profit margins and increased opportunities for growth. In this environment I am confident that we are positioned to strengthen our leadership in the insurance business.
We will continue to invest in new strategic opportunities and strive to be the preferred provider of products and serv- ices we offer through agents and brokers. We will also continue our relentless efforts to increase efficiency through- out this organization and to foster a performance-based culture that rewards the best people for the best results.
After my first full year leading this company, I can say with utmost confidence that we possess the skills, expertise and drive that are essential to long-term success. We are driven by our operating principles: to run our business efficiently, to spend shareholder money as though it’s our own, to understand and appropriately limit our risk profile, to be driven by profit before market share, to be a company that is respected and for which employees enjoy working, and to always be aware that our job, first and foremost, is to provide appropriate returns to our shareholders. I am proud to lead an organization that has demonstrated its ability to adapt to change and to embrace the strategies necessary to thrive. These are the attributes of a winning organization.
In closing, I’d like to thank four directors who have helped to steward this company for many years and who have
or will be retiring from the Board: H. Furlong Baldwin, a director since 1998 and retired chairman of Mercantile Bankshares Corporation, retired from The St. Paul Board in May 2002. Three directors will be retiring in May: Pierson M. Grieve, a director since 1985 and the former chairman and chief executive officer of Ecolab, Inc., a developer and marketer of cleaning and sanitizing products, systems and services; Sir David G. John, a director since 1996 and
the non-executive chairman of both Premier Oil PLC, and British Standards Institution, a UK standards, inspections and testing service; and Bruce MacLaury, a director since 1987 and president emeritus of The Brookings Institution, a public policy research and education institution.
The St. Paul has greatly benefited from the counsel and advice of these distinguished executives. I want to thank them personally for their diligent review and support of our new, and sometimes difficult, initiatives; for being available to dis- cuss issues and provide thoughtful insights; and for making me feel particularly welcome in the St. Paul organization.
Jay S. Fishman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 17, 2003
 6
