TO O U R S HAR E H O LD E R S, C U STO M E R S AN D ASS O C IATE S,

Strengthening our Leadership.Tractor Supply Company
achieved record sales and opened a record 35 new stores in 2000. We successfully entered the Florida market with a ten-store simultaneous grand opening at mid-year and those stores continue to perform exceptionally well. The new distribution centers in Pendleton, Indiana and Waco, Texas are efficiently supporting the majority of our stores. In addition, the new systems installed in 1999 are getting the job done. We missed our same store sales growth and earnings targets in the year 2000, but finished the year with a strong 4.6% fourth quarter improvement in same store sales. We are particularly proud of the fourth quarter improvement considering the challenge of overcoming the Y2K related sales comparisons from 1999 and the impact of the tight labor market at the store level. Three senior management additions were made in 2000 that substantially strengthened our leadership team: · Cal Massmann, Chief Financial Officer, joined us early in the year and is making substantial contributions in finance and information technology. · Stan Ruta, promoted to Senior Vice President ­ Store Operations at mid-year, has set clear, logical, consistent direction for our stores. · Jim Wright, President and Chief Operating Officer, joined us late in the year, has learned quickly, and is now an active and aggressive business leader. The investments in distribution capacity, operating systems and the Florida market have positioned us for growth and will continue to contribute to our ongoing success. We are now clearly focused on basic execution throughout the organization. Here are the key business drivers for 2001: · Improving same store sales ­ This is job number one for everyone. Aggressive plans are in place to drive same store sales increases in 2001. · Strengthening the middle management team ­ Extraordinary steps are in place to recruit and train new managers, which will have a broad, long-range positive impact on our effectiveness.

2

· Accelerating changes in product assortments ­ We will be more differentiated in key categories and products while more dominant in our core mower, lawn tractor and accessories business. We are meeting the changing needs of our unique customers. · Managing the inventory efficiently ­ Inventory turn can be improved; targets are set and results are expected. · Simplifying everything ­ We have a "full court press" to eliminate the unnecessary everywhere. · Expanding the store base ­ We plan to open 25 new stores ­ all in fill-in markets ­ and relocate or renovate 6 to 11 older, profit-producing locations to better serve customers. Tractor Supply Company has a strong organization, a committed team and a very special niche in the retail market place. Last year, Yankelovich Partners was engaged to perform a major research project. This and other data tell us that our customer base has broadened and our niche is valid. There are more than 300 additional market opportunities for new stores east of the Rocky Mountains. Tractor Supply Company has a bright future with huge growth opportunities in both existing and new markets. We are a solid, strong, missions and values driven organization. We know our customer very well, we understand the products they want, and we have a clear grasp of the farm and ranch store market niche. Our organization has a winning attitude. The two of us have become strong partners in the last several months. We both have a clear, aggressive and unified vision for the Tractor Supply Company of the future. We believe that there are simply no limits.

Joe Scarlett Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Jim Wright President and Chief Operating Officer

3

