Tractor Supply's Mission is "to work hard, have fun and make money by providing legendary service and great products at everyday low prices."

Friends and Colleagues:
Over the past twelve years, I have had the honor and privilege of working with and serving Tractor Supply Company's 17,000 plus team members and loyal shareholders through the most successful growth period in the Company's 75-year history. The Company has grown from 305 stores in 28 states, approximately 4,000 team members and $759 million in sales in 2000, to 1,176 stores in 45 states, more than 17,000 team members and $4.7 billion in sales in 2012. The process of getting from "there" to "here" included several planned strategic phases, which could be described as Fixing, Adding, Upgrading and Optimizing. Through each of these phases, however, there have been a number of constants--a steadfast commitment to the Company's Mission and Values, a dedication to creating an environment of continuous improvement capable of consistently increasing shareholder value over the long term and an unwavering commitment to serving both our front-line team members and our customers. Our planned leadership transition was announced in September, but the Board of Directors, management and I had been preparing for Greg Sandfort's transition to the role of Chief Executive Officer for quite some time. Greg is a seasoned retail leader and has played a significant role in Tractor Supply's success over the past five years. He has built and developed a solid management team to support the Company's direction and strategic initiatives for many years to come. I look forward to my new role at Tractor Supply--leading the Board and supporting Greg in his new position as Chief Executive Officer. To our dedicated team members, our loyal customers, our dependable vendors and our long-term shareholders, I would like to convey my sincere gratitude for your continued commitment to Tractor Supply Company and the opportunity to serve you over the past twelve years.

Jim Wright
Executive Chairman of the Board

