5 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 5
5 CONSISTENCY IS THE KEY 5
Consistency may be the best word to describe the source of our continuing success. We know our customers very well, and we consistently focus on their basic needs without getting sidetracked into different and unrelated product categories. We remain committed to serving those who live OUT HERE. We are proud of our 2002 performance--record sales, strong same-store sales growth (the most important measure in retailing), record profits and 113 new store openings. This performance enables us to continue investing in our team and strengthening the overall leadership. At Tractor Supply Company, we consistently promote customer service. We constantly tell "success stories" about acts of extraordinary customer service: going the extra mile and doing whatever it takes. We have a clear mission and a solid value structure that are the backbone of our purpose and culture. We've built an infrastructure that gives our team members the tools to be the absolute best retailers in America. We are consistent in our retail format. Tractor Supply stores are relatively small and will stay that way. Our product assortment is significantly differentiated from that of the "big box" chains. We're more focused and clearly aligned with our target customers' basic needs. We stay consistently in-stock on the basic products. We have strong inventory replenishment execution, and we've accelerated inventory turnover. At the same time, we have more test products and test programs in our pipeline than ever before. The more successful tests we have today, the more new products we will introduce and sell tomorrow. The bottom line is consistency. We're consistent in our beliefs and our practices, and our commitments to our team members, customers and shareholders. Every decision we make is first filtered through our core Mission and Values. It is this kind of consistency that provides alignment and focus. It is the foundation upon which we build stability of performance. We are excited about our future. Our strategy remains clearly focused on the following drivers of success:

5 A GREAT PLACE TO SHOP 5
We are on a mission to ensure that Tractor Supply Company is a great place to shop today and an even better place to shop tomorrow. We work diligently to build lifetime relationships and have earned a unique position in the hearts and minds of our customers. You'll find that we actually know many of our regular customers by name. They send their friends to our stores. They trust us.

5 A GREAT PLACE TO WORK 5
We strive to make Tractor Supply Company a great place to work. Our team members have every opportunity to grow and advance. We carefully select the best people for our team--people with winning attitudes and heartfelt enthusiasm for the rural lifestyle. We welcome new team members into our organization with orientation and training that works to ensure their success. The results thus far: lower turnover and team member pride in Tractor Supply Company.

5 A GREAT PLACE TO INVEST 5
We feel confident that by consistently doing the basics right--day in and day out--we will produce the best long-term financial results for Tractor Supply Company. We believe in making solid, long-term decisions that are in the best interest of our shareholders. We consistently believe everything can and should be improved. When we do the basics right, the good numbers will follow--making Tractor Supply Company "a great place to invest."

2

5 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (continued) 5
5 BRAND INITIATIVE 5
This year we celebrate our 65th anniversary--65 years of the Tractor Supply Company brand. We have steadily built our brand by providing legendary customer service. We do "whatever it takes" to satisfy our customers! We build our brand by selling quality products at competitive prices. Our customers have always known Tractor Supply Company means good value. Recent consumer research describes Tractor Supply Company as "a brand you can trust." We're proud of our brand and strive to make it the center of everything we do. currently have over 600 additional new store market opportunities and are constantly reviewing more potential new store markets. We plan to open between 30 and 35 new stores in 2003. In future years, we plan to grow our store count at an 8%-10% annual rate. In addition, we will upgrade and relocate older stores. By the end of 2006, we will have "updated" all our real estate. After the nearly double-digit same-store sales growth in 2002, we are estimating same-store sales growth at approximately 3% in 2003. Beyond this year, we expect annual same-store sales growth to average between 4.5% and 5.0%.

5 OPERATING EFFICIENCY 5
Tractor Supply Company is committed to the growth and development of our team members. This commitment is reflected in the formation of Tractor Supply University, popularly known as "Tractor U." We have partnered with Belmont University in Nashville to create strong college-level development programs to build our leadership team for the future. We are also committed to the absolute best product assortment for our customers. We are driven by new product testing and speed to market. At the same time, we are committed to cut time and cost out of the supply chain. Inventory turnover has improved significantly in recent years, and we anticipate additional future improvements. We are implementing scores of "best business practices" ­­ all leading to greater operating efficiency.

5 SUCCESS STORIES 5
Success stories run throughout our Company: how Bobby turned a customer's apprehension into a $35 sale, how Susan helped a customer find a specific product in her TSC store and how Dale went the extra mile in customer service. Satisfaction is guaranteed at Tractor Supply Company. Everyone has the authority to do whatever it takes. We're dedicated to improving the shopping experience in our stores and being the best team in retailing. Our goal is to be first in our customers' eyes. We will achieve this with a clear, long-term vision, top-notch people, and a first-class brand. Tractor Supply Company is a solid and consistent organization with a very bright future. We believe THE GOOD LIFE IS OUT HERE, and we're glad you are with us!

5 STORE GROWTH 5
Last year, we grew our store base substantially with a major asset purchase­­seizing a huge opportunity. We

Joe Scarlett, Chairman of the Board and CEO

Jim Wright, President and COO

3

