


"More than the extra mile... we go the COUNTRY MILE."
President and Chief Executive Officer

Greg Sandfort

To Our Stakeholders:
2014 marked another year of solid performance and growth for Tractor Supply Company. At Tractor Supply, it is always the people who make the difference. While this past year included a few obstacles, we recognize that weather and other external challenges will always play some role in our business results, and it is our job to read and react early to those business conditions and manage successfully through them. We believe this ability to adapt continues to be a strategic advantage for Tractor Supply. Our teams in our stores, distribution centers, the Merchandise Innovation Center and the Store Support Center faced the obstacles head-on, rolled up their sleeves and went the "country mile" to deliver solid results. KEY METRICS Store Count. We grew our store count by 8% in 2014, opening 107 new stores in 31 states and ending the year with 1,382 stores in 49 states. This includes our first store in Utah and our first Tractor Supply (non-Del's) Store in the state of Washington. Revenue and Comparable Store Sales. Revenue increased over 10% to a record $5.7B in 2014. Our positive sales performance was broad based across most categories, geographic regions and store maturities. Strong same store sales growth continued in 2014, and we have now delivered 21 straight quarters of positive comparable store sales. Our commitment to be the "most dependable supplier of basic maintenance needs for those living the rural lifestyle" continues to drive increased traffic to our stores, and in the fourth quarter, we achieved our 27th consecutive quarter of positive comparable store transaction count.

MILE

COUNTRY

WE GO THE

2

2014 Annual Report

1 0 '10 '11 '12 '13 '14

0.5 0.0 '10 '11 '12 '13 '14

Net Sales ($ in billions)
$5.7 $5.2 $4.7 $4.2 $3.6

Net Income per Diluted Share
$2.66 $2.32 $1.90 $1.51 $1.12

'10

'11

'12

'13

'14

'10

'11

'12

'13

'14

Operating Margin. We operate the business with a balanced focus on sales, gross margin, expense and inventory management to drive operating margin. In 2014, operating margin improved to a record high 10.3% through a combination of same store sales growth, gross margin enhancements and strong expense control. Earnings Per Share. In 2014, earnings per share grew 14.7% to $2.66, representing our 7th consecutive year of double digit earnings per share growth. GOING THE COUNTRY MILE Investments for Growth. In 2014 we continued to invest in people, stores, logistics and systems to position our Company for long-term growth. These investments supported the business and contributed to our double digit growth in both sales and earnings. Some of our investments this past year included: Stores--continued store growth of 107 stores, as well as maintenance and upkeep of our store base; Logistics --additional logistics infrastructure, including additional capacity in the Northeast, which opened in Q1 of 2015, and the purchase of land for our new Southwest distribution center, which is now under construction, located in Casa Grande, AZ; Store Support Center--a new, LEED Silver certified Store Support Center to replace three leased facilities and a new plan-o-gram facility which we call the Merchandise Innovation Center; Systems --inventory pricing and allocation systems, improvements in security programs, enhancements to attribution and customer engagement systems, and omni-channel platform investments and; Team Members--we increased our base of dedicated team members to over 21,000. Shareholder Returns. Along with the investments we made to support our growth, we returned $298 million in share buybacks and $84 million in dividend payments to our shareholders. This represents a share repurchase return of 73% of operating cash flow and a dividend return of 23% of earnings. THE ROAD AHEAD As we look at the road ahead, we are excited for the future of Tractor Supply Company. We believe we have the right strategies in place to build upon our solid foundation for growth while maintaining our commitment to being the most dependable supplier of basic maintenance needs for the "Out Here" lifestyle consumer. The expertise, experience and determination of our seasoned management team combined with improved analytics, tools and ongoing investments in systems and infrastructure should allow us to meet the needs of our customers and manage the business through external economic and weather-related trends.  I would like to thank all of our stakeholders--our team members, customers, vendors and shareholders--for your continued support. I am especially grateful to our more than 21,000 devoted team members in our stores, distribution centers, the Merchandise Innovation Center and the Store Support Center for their hard work and commitment to our Company. As we work together to grow the business, we remain dedicated to our Mission and Values and manage our business with a relentless dissatisfaction and continuous improvement mindset. It is because of this dedication at Tractor Supply Company that we go more than the extra mile...we go the country mile.

 
Tractor Supply Company

Greg Sandfort President and Chief Executive Officer
3

