To Our Stakeholders:
It has been a decade like none other for Tractor Supply Company, the leading farm and ranch store chain in the U.S. As the one-stop destination for those who live the rural lifestyle, we have grown throughout the decade, navigated through the recession and are prepared for the road ahead.

Growing Throughout the Decade
At the end of 2000, we had 305 stores in 28 states with total distribution capacity of 800,000 square feet; sales for the year were nearly $760 million with net income of $16 million and our stock price was $2.121 per share with a market capitalization of $75 million. Over the past decade, we have made significant advances, executed our strategies and delivered outstanding results year after year. We brought together a new leadership team and board members, and demonstrated that our experience and focus can help us further leverage our business model. We strengthened our position as the clear leader of the highly fragmented farm and ranch store chain industry. We expanded our understanding of the customer base and enhanced the merchandise assortment and marketing to meet their needs. Through a more formalized approach to recruiting, training and developing team members, we reduced store manager turnover and enhanced team members' knowledge and skills. We improved our systems with better inventory management, increased financial discipline and additional  strategic distribution and allocation. We also improved in-store execution and launched a new e-commerce website. Our stock performance has outpaced both peers and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index.

Over the past decade, we have made significant advances, executed our strategies and delivered outstanding results year after year.

Our results prove that we are a growth company. By the end of 2009, we had expanded the chain three times over to 930 stores in 44 states with total distribution capacity of 2.9 million square feet; sales more than quadrupled to $3.2 billion; net income grew more than seven times to $115 million; and our stock price was $54.03 with a market capitalization of $1.9 billion. Most importantly, throughout this period of constant change we have remained true to Tractor Supply Company's mission--to work hard, have fun and make money by providing legendary service and great products at everyday low prices.

3,207 2,370 2,703 3,008

850 759

1,210

1,473

1,739

2,068

Net Sales
($ in millions)

'00

'01

'02

'03

'04

'05

'06

'07

'08

'09

1

Split adjusted

Navigating Through the Recession
Our mission became more relevant than ever. During the past two years, we experienced volatile macroeconomic events--from housing and capital market lows to fuel cost highs to unusual inflation and deflation trends that affected the price of steel, grain and petroleum. While our customers are generally more fiscally conservative and less impacted by market conditions, the consumer became cautious and valueoriented while our team became even more responsive and has proven its ability to manage our business effectively in any environment. Our team stepped up to the challenge. In 2009, we drove top- and bottom-line growth by focusing on two priorities: to continue differentiating our Company in the market and to execute our retail strategy to ensure that we would win in the difficult environment and beyond.  Our merchandise became more compelling. We recognized that customers were shopping for everyday items that support their lifestyle and delaying big-ticket purchases. We intensified our focus on core consumable, usable and edible (C.U.E.) categories, such as animal and pet feed, repair and replacement parts and other fast-turning products, all supported by a strong value proposition. In October, we introduced select Purina and Nutrena brand equine and livestock feeds to stores nationwide. This was the first time in our history that we offered these nationally recognized feed brands, and this addition gave us the added credibility we desired and complemented our private premium brand offering.

From the store support center to distribution centers to stores, our  team is fully aligned. Team members worked hard to achieve a terrific performance in a very difficult marketplace.

Our marketing became more relevant. In the second quarter of 2009, we eliminated television advertising spend and reinvested a portion of those dollars to enhance our direct marketing program. This decision was validated as same-store transaction count increased more than 5% for 2009. At the same time, our continued focus on creating a robust direct marketing and customer relationship management (CRM) program has allowed us to gain a broader understanding of their shopping preferences. All of these actions enabled us to more appropriately manage a key internal performance metric--gross margin net of advertising--and connect with customers more efficiently.  Our execution became crisper. We reduced year-over-year inventory-per-store levels each quarter for the past two years, while improving in-stock levels on the products that are most important to customers. We maintained a very rigorous expense control program that we instituted in early 2008 as we began to anticipate the recession. We also increased the efficiency of our distribution network through initiatives such as improving dedicated fleet utilization and reducing stem miles. Most importantly, we improved the shopping experience, which we track through our customer loyalty scores. Our financial foundation became even stronger. We managed the Company's balance sheet very prudently, eliminated long-term debt, expanded our credit facility and funded working capital from substantial cash flow from operations. Since we initiated our share repurchase program in February 2007, we have returned nearly $220 million to shareholders. None of this would have been possible without our people. From the store support center to distribution centers to stores, our team is fully aligned. Team members worked hard to achieve a terrific performance in a very difficult marketplace. Additionally, we are proud that we created 1,700 jobs through our store opening program since the beginning of 2008. We sincerely thank the 13,300 team members that helped us get here and appreciate their never-ending dedication to the business and the rural lifestyle.

Preparing for the Road Ahead
While we are proud of our performance through the recession and the last decade, we are "relentlessly dissatisfied." We are extremely confident that we will build on positive momentum throughout 2010 and beyond. To ensure further success when the economy normalizes, we are taking the appropriate actions and making strategic investments. To guide our actions in 2010, we will remain intensely focused on serving customers and managing the business proactively. First, we will continue serving customers with a unique mix of merchandise, elevating their shopping experience and refining our marketing program. Additionally, we will maintain the operational discipline we have instilled throughout the business, add technology enhancements to advance our distribution network and point-of-sale system and further improve inventory management. While we will not waver in our commitment to growth, we are pleased to initiate a quarterly cash dividend program in 2010. In addition to our ongoing share repurchase program, we believe that this dividend program  will enable us to continue returning value directly to shareholders.

While we are proud of our performance through the recession and the last decade, we are "relentlessly dissatisfied." We are extremely confident that we will build on positive momentum throughout  2010 and beyond.

In addition to our team members, we want to thank our loyal vendors, business partners and shareholders. There are many more great things to come from Tractor Supply Company over the next decade as we continue growing to our longterm target of 1,800 stores.

Jim Wright Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2010

$3.15 $2.40

$2.09 $1.38 $0.97 $0.70 $1.57

$2.22

$2.19

Net Income per Diluted Share

$0.45

'00

'01

'02

'03

'04

'05

'06

'07

'08

'09

