  To Our Shareholders
 “I believe we are in a good position, because we have the right strategy, a solid management team and a strong balance sheet. I don’t think there is another protein company better positioned than Tyson Foods.”
 Tyson Foods, Inc.’s multi-protein business model proved to be a strategic advantage in the 2008 fiscal year. A record- setting year from our pork business and an improved performance by beef supported our chicken business
as it struggled with high input costs and low prices. Our chicken segment incurred $600 million in additional grain costs this year, while total inputs were $900 million more than in 2007. We couldn’t raise prices enough to keep pace with these extraordinary input costs.
Despite the challenges in our chicken segment, we made significant progress in other areas. We continued to manage the Company for the long term by focusing on our four strategies:
1. Create innovative and insight-driven food solutions
2. Optimize commodity businesses and manage margins
3. Build a multinational enterprise
4. Revolutionize the conversion of raw materials and
by-products into high-margin initiatives
This annual report will focus on the third and fourth strategies, because there have been several new developments this year. In our efforts to build a multinational enterprise, we acquired three poultry operations in Brazil, entered into majority ownership
joint ventures in India and China and are awaiting government approval of our third joint venture in China. In the past when times were tough, we deferred our international expansion plans, but this time we are determined to keep moving forward.
We’re also moving ahead with our fourth strategy, which emphasizes renewable products, including the Dynamic Fuels joint venture to produce renewable diesel from by-products such as animal fat, cooking oil and grease. We’re just beginning this endeavor, but the potential is very exciting.
We will face more challenges early in the 2009 fiscal year, but we will handle market conditions as effectively as possible. I believe we are in a good position, because we have the right strategy, a solid management team and a strong balance sheet. I don’t think there is another protein company better positioned than Tyson Foods.
Richard L. Bond
President and Chief Executive Officer
   1 2008 Annual Report
