   Tyson Shareholders:
This was a year of transformation at Tyson Foods, Inc. By combining Tyson and IBP, inc., we have created a new company that will be more than the sum of its two parts. As the world’s leading protein provider, our shareholders, team members and customers will all benefit. I cannot begin to convey how excited and energized we are about the future of Tyson Foods!
One of Tyson’s greatest strengths has been its position as the world’s number one producer, processor and marketer of chicken. With the addition of IBP, Tyson is now the world’s leading provider of beef, chicken and pork products.
Uniting the two industry leaders will triple our revenue and is expected to be immediately accretive to earnings in fiscal 2002. We are already experiencing synergies and introducing new products. We can strengthen our relationships with our customers and create opportunities for our 120,000 team members through expanded roles and new opportunities for advancement. Combining these two companies intensifies Tyson Foods’ position as a company focused on customer service, shareholders and team members, making the Tyson name much more valuable.
The new company has unrivaled scale, a diverse range of products and a broad customer base. As the meat case moves to case-ready, branded products for beef and pork, Tyson Foods is in the unique position to leverage its branding power. This is a tremendous opportunity to make the Thomas E. Wilson brand synonymous with value-added beef and pork products just as the Tyson brand is synonymous with value-added chicken.
Imagine, too, the possibilities in reaching every part of the country with fresh and frozen products. IBP has the industry’s largest, most effective nationwide refrigerated distribution system for fresh meat products. Tyson has the premier frozen distribution system in the country. This unique capability enables us to fulfill all of our customers’ protein needs, whether through the foodservice, retail or club store channel.
 2

   John Tyson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    27% 23% 18% beef chicken pork
MARKET POSITION
Source: Watt Poultry USA, Cattle Buyers Weekly and National Pork Producers Council
 3

  2001 RESULTS
It continued to be a difficult year for the chicken business. Energy and grain prices were up while ongoing oversupplies in the industry kept chicken prices depressed. In addition, Tyson suffered setbacks related to weather, a product recall and operational difficulties in Mexico early in the year.
Reported sales were $10.8 billion in 2001 compared to $7.4 billion in 2000. Reported diluted earnings per share were $0.40 compared to $0.67 last year. Diluted earnings per share, excluding non-recurring items, were $0.47 compared to $0.74 last year. This year’s results included nine weeks of IBP’s results in our fourth quarter. As we entered the fourth quarter, we began to see higher prices in our chicken business. This was due to seasonal price increases, improvement in industry fundamentals and improved pricing of our value-added products. Throughout the year, we worked to build on our position as the low-cost producer by improving efficiencies in production, supply chain and purchasing. We also worked hard to make a vast improvement in our internal supply and demand of chicken. This was an important goal, and a significant accomplishment that has allowed us to continue shifting our product mix to more highly value-added products with historically higher returns. To satisfy this growing demand, we made a significant investment in our further-processing capabilities.
LOOKING AHEAD
As we prepare to achieve the vision for the new company, we created an organizational structure based on our relationships with our customers and focused on their needs. We are aligned in two channels – Food Service and International headed by Co-Chief Operating Officer and Group President Greg Lee and Fresh Meats and Retail headed by Co-Chief Operating Officer and Group President Dick Bond.
The new company’s management team identified three areas of potential synergies: consolidated purchasing, integration of general and administrative functions into a shared services infrastructure and transportation and logistics. We expect to achieve savings of $50 million in 2002 and $100 million by 2003. By fiscal 2004, we expect to recognize annual savings in excess of $200 million.
Not only do we have the amazing presence of the Tyson brands, we now have a tremendous portfolio of additional fresh, frozen and processed meat brands that can service all channels of distribution with all types of products. We are evaluating how best to leverage these brands to complement the Tyson and Thomas E. Wilson brands both regionally and nationally.
Acquiring IBP was certainly a strategic step for our future. Financially, we will continue our focus on improving our return on invested capital while targeting average double digit EPS growth. In addition, we will be aggressive about paying down debt. Our intention is to have debt as a percentage of capital at 50 percent or below by the end of fiscal year 2004.
 4

   Dick Bond
Co-Chief Operating Officer and
Group President, Fresh Meats and Retail
John Tyson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Greg Lee
Co-Chief Operating Officer and
Group President, Food Service and International
 In addition to our business goals, I would like to emphasize our ongoing commitment to communities, helping children and supporting hunger and disaster relief efforts. We can never forget those in need, and as long as we are able, we will extend a helping hand to our neighbors.
Lastly, I’d like to welcome all the new shareholders, team members and customers from IBP. We have a lot of work ahead of us in 2002, but what an exciting challenge it is. All of us in the new Tyson Foods look to the future with optimism. We will go to work every day with our ultimate goal in mind: creating long-term shareholder value.
John Tyson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  5
