to Tyson
shareholders:
In our letter to you last year we defined 1998 as a year of transition, refining and strengthening. Nineteen ninety-nine was
a culmination and manifestation of these endeavors. This year we put an organization in place to better identify, develop and execute strategic objectives around the marketplace we serve. But first let’s review our financial results for 1999.
16
 
 Diluted earnings per share, before asset impair- ment, loss on the divestiture of the seafood business and loss on the anticipated divestiture of the swine business, were $1.20, an increase of 51.9 percent over last year’s $0.79. Reported sales were $7.4 billion in both 1998 and 1999. Reported diluted earnings per share were $1.00 compared to $0.11 last year. Reported earnings were a record $230.1 million. Sales and earnings in 1999 were adversely affected by market conditions in our live swine business throughout
the year, as well as by deteriorating poultry markets later in the year. When adjusted for businesses sold and the difference caused by the 53-week accounting period in 1998, sales increased 2.8 percent in 1999. In addition, volume of pounds sold increased 12.3 per- cent. With strong operational cash flow and proceeds from the sale of assets, the Company reduced total indebtedness from $2.1 billion in 1998 to $1.8 billion
in 1999 with a debt to capital ratio of 45.9 percent.
Tyson continued focusing on its core business, chicken. The Company completed the sale of turkey and egg operations acquired in 1998 with Hudson Foods. In July we finalized the sale of our Seafood Division. We signed a letter of intent in September
we concentrate on improving our leadership position in the chicken industry.
The Company’s operating environment in the second half of fiscal 1999 was a difficult one for the entire food business and particularly for the chicken industry. An oversupply of meat proteins led to depressed market conditions. To bring our production and current market demand in balance, we announced a reduction in production of live birds effective the first quarter of fiscal 2000. These relatively depressed market conditions are expected to continue until
meat supplies are back in balance.
As part of our desire to achieve clarity and purpose in our Company, we initiated a new organizational structure in March. After considerable introspection and deliberate study, we determined we needed an organization with a greater effort directed toward the marketplace along with defined financial objectives. While our previous organization was divided along the lines of sales and production, the new organiza- tion aligns sales and production together into market
 As part of our desire to achieve clarity and purpose in our Company, we initi- ated a new organizational structure in March.
with Smithfield Foods, Inc. for the sale of The Pork Group. These businesses, which have struggled in difficult operating environments, will be in the hands of people who specialize in seafood and pork while
As we look forward, we are excited about the Company. Tyson Foods is a stronger company than it was even just two years ago.
17
 
   John Tyson (far right) and Wayne Britt (middle left) with Carlos Reyes and Kathy Holmes at the Springdale Berry Street Plant quality assurance lab.
focused business groups – Food Service, Consumer Products, International and Prepared Foods. Each business group is responsible for sales and production, operational planning, efficient use of capital and profitability. These groups are supported by typical shared services activities including finance, legal, human resources, quality assurance and supply chain. In addition, we centralized two new functions. We formed Production and Technical Services groups to ensure consistency and advance the Company’s industry leadership in production practices and cost management. The Company consolidated its marketing activities under a Chief Marketing Office to maximize efforts in building the Tyson brand among all products and business groups.
Greater responsibility for operating and financial decisions have been established, delegated in a struc- tural manner, with accountability readily determined. The people within these business groups, as well as all our other support groups, responded remarkably to this change.
To complement our organizational realignment,
we formed a Tyson team to develop a “balanced scorecard” measurement system emphasizing return on invested capital. Along with a corporate scorecard, balanced scorecards have been developed for each
of our operating divisions. The scorecards are based on specific objectives not only for returns on invest- ments but also for earnings, sales growth, operational performance, customer satisfaction and emphasis on our people. Our incentive pay plan for fiscal 2000 will reward our people for performance against these objectives – objectives centered on increasing value for our shareholders.
As we look forward, we are excited about the Company. Tyson Foods is a stronger company than it was even just two years ago. Change isn’t easy, not for individuals, groups or a company. But it is clear this year’s changes have laid the foundation for our Company to achieve the performance we want in the 21st Century. Our business organization and operations are aligned with both our customers and our financial objectives. Tyson is among the most recognized brands in the food industry. It stands for high quality products, food safety, service, social responsibility and environmental consciousness.
We would like to thank the Tyson team members for their commitment to building upon the foundation we have today for the Company’s future success. It
is a success that is more assured than ever thanks to the countless people in our Company who can’t wait to get to work every morning to make a difference
in what we do.
  18
JOHN TYSON Chairman of the Board
WAYNE BRITT
Chief Executive Officer

 a message from the senior chairman
It’s the end of an era at Tyson Foods. After 39 years with the Company, Donald E. “Buddy” Wray, President of Tyson Foods, is retiring in March 2000.
After serving in the U.S. Army, Buddy, a native of Des Arc, Ark., and a graduate of the University of Arkansas, joined Tyson Foods in 1961 as a field service- man. He was promoted to production supervisor in 1963, to director of sales in 1964, to director of processing and sales in 1967, to vice president of sales and marketing in 1982 and to senior vice pres- ident of sales and marketing in 1984. He became chief operating officer in 1991, and in 1995 president was added to his title. Buddy also has been a member
of the Board of Directors since 1994.
This year the members of the Arkansas Poultry Federation gave Buddy Wray their highest honor by naming him
“Man of the Year.” Buddy has served
on the board of the International Food Manufacturers Association, the National Board of Advisors of the American Studies Institute at Harding University, the Dean’s Advisory Council for the University of Arkansas College of Busi- ness Administration and the board of American Poultry U.S.A., where he also has been vice president.
It would be impossible to list all of Buddy’s accomplishments and his contri- butions to Tyson Foods. The Company has seen remarkable changes during his tenure, and he led many of them. Perhaps the most visible mark Buddy created
was the Tyson logo. In the 1960s, Buddy designed the original Tyson blue oval logo to fit the Cornish hen package. It later evolved to today’s famous red and orange logo, but the integrity and sim- plicity of Buddy’s original design remain. It is one of the most recognizable trade- marks in the world.
I appreciate everything Buddy has done in helping make this company what it is today. He has been a mentor to so many and a constant guiding force. I am also grateful that he will be available as a consultant and will remain on the Board of Directors.
Buddy, thank you for helping build Tyson Foods.
DON TYSON
Senior Chairman Tyson Foods, Inc.
  