 Tyson shareholders:
Tyson Foods, Inc. is first in the chicken industry. Year in and year out we outperform the competition, in good times and in bad. We are the best in the business, but our performance in 2000 didn’t meet our expectations or our potential.
In a market already overflowing with meat proteins, the industry continued to expand. The results were histori- cally low prices that had a negative effect on earnings and ultimately on our stock price. In recognition of the over- supply, last fall we announced a 3 percent production cut. Unfortunately, the industry did not follow our lead, and chicken supplies remained high.
Diluted earnings per share, excluding non-recurring items, were $0.74 compared to $1.20 last year. Reported sales were $7.2 billion in 2000 compared to $7.4 billion in 1999. Reported diluted earnings per share were $0.67 compared to $1.00 last year.
It was a tough year, but we had several accomplish- ments worth noting. We paid down debt by $262 million. We reduced inventory by 138 million pounds. We bought back $69 million of our stock. And we did all this in a year in which we took a $33 million charge on non-recurring items including a bad debt writeoff related to AmeriServe
and growout issues at Tyson de Mexico. We are confident about the year ahead, and our management team is com- mitted to improving performance.
STRENGTHS OF THE INDUSTRY LEADER
As I look forward and assess the Company’s strengths, I like our position. Tyson is the best and biggest chicken company in the world. We have great people, and we are ranked as one of the best companies to work for in the food industry. We have one of the most recognized brands in the United States and the number one brand in the chicken industry. We have leading market share in virtually every segment in which we compete. We created and remain today the innovator of value-added, further-processed chicken products. We are the low-cost producer. We produce products of the highest quality. We deliver those products through a state-of-the-art distribution system. We have the most modern and productive asset base in the industry. We have a strong cash flow. We have a strong balance sheet that will take us through all market cycles. All our team members are working toward common goals, and we link management pay to perform- ance through our balanced scorecard system. With these
3
  
  Although, being first often has
   45%
Rest of Industry
24%
Tyson Foods, Inc.
9%
Gold Kist, Inc.
TYSON VS. THE COMPETITION
U.S. broiler production based on ready-to-cook pounds
6%
Pilgrim’s Pride Corp.
Perdue Farms, Inc.
8% ConAgra Poultry Co.
8%
 its
 price,
   Source: Watt Poultry U.S.A., January 2000
 
 the advantages far outweigh the costs.
 strengths and our vision for the future, I believe Tyson Foods is well positioned to take advantage of improving market conditions.
Our vision at Tyson is to be the world’s first choice for chicken while maximizing shareholder value. Our goals:
Take good care of our people
Fulfill 100 percent of our customers’ needs for chicken products
Continue building the value of the Tyson brand
Continue to grow and defend our share in targeted markets
Expand the geographic distribution of our products
Increase the international segment of our business
Continue our leadership in the development of value-added products
Continue cost cutting initiatives
The capital investment strategy we will use to meet these goals is based on return on invested capital (ROIC). Our finance committee oversees the strategy to ensure profit improvement plans have an ROIC that exceeds our weighted average cost of capital. Capital expenditures are down 46 percent from last year. Spending was less than depreciation, yet significant enough to continue improving the quality of our assets.
GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION
Some people might think research and development at Tyson means searching for the next chicken nugget. While we’re always on the lookout for food innovations, that’s not
the only area for potential growth. Our R&D efforts will lead to new products that will reach less developed countries as well as create new opportunities domestically. We’re using science and technology to create alternative uses for non-prime chicken parts such as oils, proteins and fibers.
We remain committed to leading edge processing tech- nology. This year, as part of our strategic initiatives, we developed “The Center for Operational Excellence.” This is a group of processing engineers and performance specialists who help our plant management and equipment suppliers ensure optimum equipment performance and operational best practices. To our knowledge, we are the only company in our industry with such a resource.
Our commitment to technology reaches much deeper into the marketplace than just our products and plants. In April we teamed with the nation’s leading protein providers to form the first industry backed business-to-business marketplace focused on meat and poultry. In July we joined other foodservice industry leaders to develop eFS Network, an Internet company that will operate an independent business-to-business marketplace to facilitate supply chain efficiencies within the foodservice business channel. As a founding member and partner in both companies, we will be instrumental in designing the business processes that will meet our customers’ changing needs in the future.
To maintain our competitive advantage in the market- place, we continue to build brand awareness and brand equity with our customers and consumers, even during downturns in industry profits. Last spring we launched our new advertising campaign that supports our brand promise of quality chicken our consumers can trust. “Tyson. It’s what your family deserves.” begs the question: Why would you serve your family anything but the best?
5
           
Besides, there is only one #1.
CREATING SHAREHOLDER VALUE
Going forward we are setting financial goals on Earnings Per Share (EPS) and ROIC. We want to achieve an average double-digit EPS growth and an ROIC of 18 percent by 2003. Focusing on these financial goals will help us create long- term shareholder value.
I believe linking management compensation to per- formance is also crucial to creating shareholder value. Our balanced scorecard system combines our financial objective of ROIC with the business objectives of our divisions, including operational goals, customer satisfaction, our brand and our people. The balanced scorecard is re-evaluated each year to reflect current realities, while maintaining a focus on long-term performance.
To meet the goals I’ve outlined in this letter, we must continue to lead and to hold ourselves accountable for our actions. By treating our people and our communities with the utmost respect and integrity, we will run this company the right way. I expect nothing less from them, and I know they expect nothing less from me. We are committed to strictly complying with all laws and regulations and adhering to the highest ethical standards in the conduct of our business. It is essential to the long-term interests of Tyson Foods, our team members, our shareholders and the communities in which we live and work.
I’ve reviewed our governance structure, and I believe we have a very strong board of directors – both in its mem- bership and in its organization. I do believe, though, that we
needed more independent directors; therefore, we have three new independent directors, Jim Kever, David Jones and Barbara Allen. Jim is the CEO of Envoy Corp., David is the chairman and CEO of Rayovac, and Barbara is the president and COO of Paladin Resources. We’re proud to have them with us.
A BRIGHTER FUTURE AHEAD
Fiscal 2000 was a challenge. Conditions aren’t going to change overnight, but we believe we’re taking the right steps for 2001. We will continue focusing on value-added products, which are less susceptible to market fluctuations. We have the people, the products and the assets, and they are concen- trated on meeting 100 percent of our customers’ needs. We will continue to be the leading strategic partner for our customers – a partner they can rely on to meet all their chicken needs.
Creating long-term shareholder value is at the heart of all our goals, and we can achieve our goals if we work our plan. Our goals are based on our strengths. We have the right people. We have the right products. Tyson is the number one chicken company in the world. We know this business better than anyone. We will be successful.
John Tyson
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 