Letter to Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholders: The outlook for the U.S. economy and financial markets continues to be unpredictable. Low consumer confidence, high unemployment and economic uncertainty, combined with extreme fluctuations in crude oil prices have negatively impacted consumer demand for petroleum products. As a result, our industry has been forced to make rapid adjustments to adapt to this new environment. We have developed many initiatives to improve profitability We buy every barrel of crude oil from producers, which is the beginning of the manufacturing process that converts oil into gasoline, diesel, jet and other products. Our profitability is determined by the difference between the price we pay for oil and the total value of the products produced from that barrel of oil. Beginning in late 2007, as the price of crude oil rose rapidly, much of the Western U.S. began to experience an economic downturn. In July 2008, crude reached an all-time record and a few months later it became evident the economic slowdown was not isolated to the West Coast. In the first half of 2008, refined products prices increased gradually. The result was that for many months, the high cost of crude exceeded the value of the products we manufactured. The exception was in the diesel market where global demand pushed margins higher than in 2007 but that benefit was not enough to offset the negative value of other products, which caused losses. After peaking in July, crude prices declined, which reduced the price of gasoline. Although gasoline margins briefly strengthened in September and October, the global recession and consumer concerns about unemployment and the financial markets caused demand to weaken and margins to drop. Then, in the final weeks of the year, refinery outages, low gasoline inventories and moderate pump prices positively impacted margins. As we began 2009, it was apparent a slower global economy was impacting diesel and jet fuel demand, and the poor state of our economy and high unemployment would continue to affect gasoline demand. Our business plan anticipates the low margin environment will continue but prepares us for unexpected changes. We do not have a predictive model that gives us unique insight into future product demand; so to maximize profitability, we must be positioned to quickly take advantage of seasonal or opportunistic changes. Bruce A. Smith Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Sincerely, Despite the adverse economic and industry conditions we are all experiencing, I am optimistic about our ability to achieve our goals. Our employees are prepared for the challenges that confront our industry, and they are committed to succeeding in this, or any other economic environment. in response to today's lower refining margin environment. In 2009, as a result of previous capital investments, we expect to increase the amount of margin that we capture in our business regions by purchasing less expensive crudes. We also plan to capture more margin as we optimize our transportation economics, increase crude flexibility, reduce energy and maintenance operating expenses, and optimize diesel and gasoline production. The combination of these initiatives is designed to lower our break-even cost, which will help fund our 2009 capital program with operating cash flow. In the past, we have increased shareholder value by making acquisitions that create greater economies of scale and provide opportunities for high return internal investment projects. While there may be unique opportunities for external growth in this environment, our capital strategy is focused on pursuing internal quick payback cost reduction and yield improvement projects. We have a large number of these projects averaging $2-$3 million per project, that can be executed as we have excess cash. Our plan is to fund our capital expenditure program with operating cash flow since we want to maintain a strong balance sheet. The key objectives to maximizing profit in this environment are to be focused on (1) operating our facilities in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible manner (2) maintaining cost efficient operations and administration and (3) effectively investing excess cash flows from operations to create further shareholder value.

