Tesoro Corporation, a Fortune 150 and a Global Fortune 500 company headquartered in San Antonio, Texas, is an independent refiner and marketer of petroleum products. Tesoro operates six refineries, primarily in the Western United States, with a combined crude oil capacity of more than 560,000 barrels per day. Tesoro's retail marketing system includes 460 branded retail stations, of which 194 are companyoperated under the Tesoro® and Mirastar® brands. Tesoro's commercial marketing system includes sales of jet fuel and marine fuels.

When a company is dedicated to its values... Its financial performance improves, yet its social conscience remains strong. It capitalizes on strategic opportunities while it works to provide opportunity to others. It operates with admirable efficiency along with utmost environmental sensitivity. It provides its shareholders with dynamic returns as it earns the respect of its suppliers and customers. By almost any definition, 2006 was another record year for Tesoro Corporation.

By valuing our shareholders, employees, customers, and communities, we added value to virtually every aspect of our business. Once again, the measure of a company is shown in its values.

L
Dear Fellow Shareholders:

etter to Shareholders

In 1998, we set a new course for Tesoro which would transition us from a company whose history was deeply rooted in the exploration and production business to a leading independent refining and marketing company. The result of that transformation has never been more evident than it is today. Since 2004, Tesoro has: · Delivered record annual earnings and operating cash flows, and · Improved total shareholder return by over 350% to a record price. Since 2003, shareholder return has improved by over 500%. This remarkable record has been the result of pursuing a vision with a focus on one core objective--delivering longterm growth in shareholder value. The confluence of the right assets, exceptional employees, and operational excellence has delivered extraordinary growth in value to our shareholders, and provides us with a strong foundation for future growth. In January 2007, we announced agreements to purchase the 100,000 barrel per day (bpd) Los Angeles refinery and approximately 250 retail stations from Shell Oil Products US. Concurrently, we announced an agreement to purchase 140 retail stations from USA Petroleum. These assets are a perfect fit with our existing West Coast assets and will allow us to further optimize the crude and feedstocks we use and increase products to customers in California. Both factors will help us deliver future value for shareholders. Once these acquisitions are approved by the regulators, the company's seven refineries will be capable of processing 663,000 bpd of crude oil to supply the growing product demand in the United States, a significant portion of which is currently being met by imports. FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Net income reached a record $801 million in 2006, or $11.46 per share, a 58% increase from the prior year's net income of $507 million, or $7.20 per share. Operating income increased to $1.3 billion in 2006 compared to

$1 billion in 2005, primarily due to a 17% rise in gross refining margins. The higher margins reflect increased demand for refined products due to strong global economic growth and limited global production capacity. Cash on hand at the end of the year was almost $1 billion, more than double the $440 million on December 31, 2005. Total debt-to-capitalization was 29% compared to 36% the prior year. OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS AND CAPITAL While the company enjoyed a good margin environment, Tesoro delivered additional value to shareholders by pursuing operational excellence in three areas: · Pursuing a strategy to increase crude flexibility to our refineries in order to reduce risk and lower raw material cost, · Improving the yield of high valued products, and · Increasing refinery utilization In 2006, our average throughput was almost the same as the record 530,000 bpd in 2005. We continue to achieve high throughput levels, reflecting on-going reliability and operating efficiencies due to recent scheduled turnarounds and an effective preventive maintenance program. In addition, our process controls modernization programs at our California and Washington refineries contributed to higher throughput and better yields during the second half of 2006. In 2006, Tesoro introduced 10 new crude oils into our system. As we have diversified our crude sources, we have been able to increase the discount at which we purchase crude oil relative to a benchmark crude. The value of this crude flexibility strategy was proven at mid-year when the pipeline at Alaska's Prudhoe Bay was forced to shut down temporarily. Unlike many other refiners, we were not significantly affected because we had previously diversified away from this crude source so that only 10% of our total crude supply came from Prudhoe Bay.

2

Capital spending for the year was a record $570 million, of which $117 million was for turnaround and other maintenance expenditures. The company continues to reinvest cash flow to improve the reliability of our refineries, reduce cost, meet environmental compliance regulations, and improve the yields of products. Due to the high demand on human and material resources throughout the refining and other industries, the coker modification project at our Golden Eagle refinery is now budgeted to cost $503 million. The project continues to meet our investment and environmental criteria by reducing air emissions, enhancing the refinery's reliability, lengthening turnaround cycles, and reducing costs. PEOPLE MAKE THE DIFFERENCE Of course, much of our success as a company is the result of the efforts of approximately 4,000 dedicated, skilled individuals. We continue to build a high-performance culture, and are attracting and retaining individuals who want to have an active role in building an industry leader. The same is true for our Board of Directors. Since my last letter, we have gained additional industry expertise with the additions of John Bookout III, who was previously responsible for global energy practices at McKinsey & Company; Rodney Chase, a 39-year veteran of BP PLC; and Jim Nokes, who was responsible for the global downstream business at ConocoPhillips. In addition, I want to thank directors Pat Ward and Maury Myers for many years of dedicated service to our shareholders and for their advice and counsel to me. They have decided not to stand for re-election and will be missed. On a sad note, Tesoro founder Robert V. West, Jr. passed away in November. After starting Tesoro in 1964 with a $1,000 investment, he led Tesoro for almost 30 years as the company became the first Fortune 500 company in San Antonio. We remember him with the utmost respect, not only for his vision and dedication to Tesoro, but also for his many contributions to the community. SOCIAL & ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY We seek continual improvement in every area of our operations, but none is more important than safety.

We believe that accident prevention and operational excellence go hand in hand--you cannot have one without the other. In 2006, we had many operational records and also posted the best recordable OSHA incident rate in our history. We are continuing to focus on improving our safety performance and process safety management practices across our organization. We believe the same energy that drives an employee to be a high-performance individual also makes them a caring neighbor. In 2006, every Tesoro facility surpassed its United Way campaign goals. As a corporation, we regularly support the many efforts and interests of thousands of Tesoro employees who continue to demonstrate their volunteer spirit by donating time to worthy organizations in their own communities. FUTURE GROWTH The fundamental outlook for the refining industry remains good, based on the fact that countries around the globe expect to see strong economic growth and we expect the shortage of refining capacity to lag behind the growth in demand. I believe we have a portfolio of assets that has competitive strengths, coupled with some of the best people in the industry to operate them. The combination of strong markets, good assets, and excellent people committed to high performance gives me every confidence that your company will continue to deliver value to our shareholders. Sincerely,

Bruce A. Smith Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

3

