Michael J. Hoffman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To our valued shareholders,
Fiscal 2015 was another good year for The Toro Company, as we delivered record results for revenues, operating earnings, net earnings and earnings per share. We increased net sales by 10 percent to $2.4 billion despite unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, expanded operating earnings to $299.1 million and achieved net earnings of $201.6 million or $3.55 per share. In  addition, we returned over $160 million to shareholders through the payment of $55.5 million in dividends and  the repurchase of more than 1.5 million shares of common stock. Furthermore, our growth in 2015 was well-balanced with strong contributions from our new BOSS® professional snow and ice management business, our core residential and landscape contractor businesses, and our newer rental and specialty construction business. The dedication, drive and hard work of each member of our enterprise helped us complete what was the first year of both our Destination PRIME journey and our second century, in this record-setting fashion. I am truly appreciative of the team's outstanding efforts and proud of our employees' noteworthy accomplishments. business capitalized on last season's snowfall in the first quarter and robust preseason demand in the third and fourth quarters. Additionally, the successful launch of several innovative new products in fiscal 2015 helped fuel BOSS's strong results in its inaugural year as part of The Toro Company. Our landscape contractor businesses benefitted from increased demand for our full range of mowing, aerating and new spreader/sprayer equipment lines with professional contractors drawn to the increased productivity these machines provide. Retail demand for golf equipment grew nicely for the year. Despite weather challenges this past spring, the industry saw an improvement in golf rounds played that helped increase course revenues, leading to capital investments in both course renovation projects and equipment acquisition. Like golf course operations, state and local governments experienced larger budgets, allowing them to replenish their equipment fleets and upgrade irrigation systems. As a result, our sports fields and grounds business continued to benefit from these increased expenditures. This, combined with our expanded presence on state and local governmental and other cooperative contracts, helped grow the business in fiscal 2015. Positive construction trends and new product launches helped our rental and specialty construction business

End markets
The Company's success this year was the result of  solid performances across our professional and residential businesses. The new BOSS professional snow and ice management

enjoy a good year. Sales in our compact utility loader product line grew nicely fueled in part by the introduction of our all-new, award-winning Dingo® TX 1000 that boasts an operating capacity exceeding 1,000 pounds to lift more than any compact utility loader on the market. Additionally, the rental industry's continued momentum fueled increased investments by rental business owners to help drive demand for our rental and specialty construction product offerings. For the residential business, our innovative All-Wheel Drive and SmartStowTM Recycler® walk power mowers, and our latest zero-turn riders, helped us achieve increased placements and increased sales. In addition, the launch of our new, first-of-its-kind SnowMasterTM snow blower heightened preseason channel demand and boosted our snow blower category results.

workhorses. In a matter of minutes, the mowing deck can be switched out for a BOSS plow for clearing snowcovered sidewalks. Now, contractors will be able to add their GrandStand mower to their snow removal fleet and keep their investment on the job year-round. Additional attachments, like a heavy-duty debris blower and a power broom, are in the works for future introductions. Turning to golf, our Reelmaster® 5010-H Hybrid, the industry's first fairway mower with a true hybrid drive system, was extremely well received when launched this past spring and was soon cutting fairways on many leading golf courses around the world. As expected, our golf irrigation business had a good project year due in part to our innovative new INFINITY® golf sprinkler heads, along with our updated Lynx® central control software. Demand for these innovative golf solutions remained strong. Additionally, early next year, we plan to unveil a number of new innovations across product categories that we believe will be similarly well received by golf course operators and managers. Ongoing innovation characterizes our 2016 rental and specialty construction line-up as well. Demand has remained strong for our TX 1000 compact utility loader. At the International Construction & Utility Equipment Expo in October 2015, our new DD4050 horizontal directional drill and the new Toro drill operating system were well received by utility industry professionals. The DD4050 provides increased rotary torque for optimal performance in challenging conditions, such as drilling through hard rock, and our new drill operating system provides an extremely user-friendly operator experience. As construction activity and underground infrastructure needs continue to proliferate, so should demand for our rental and construction solutions. With focus on improving irrigation efficiency, we expect our advanced water-saving technologies to continue to generate momentum in the residential, commercial and

Investments in innovation
Just as it played a critical role in the success we  achieved in fiscal 2015, we expect innovation will continue to provide a competitive advantage for our Company in the years ahead. For example, our BOSS team is busy developing and testing several new products for 2016 that we expect will help us continue to expand in the snow and ice management industry. Our landscape contractor businesses are also launching a number of product enhancements across categories. From our earliest days in the equipment business, versatility - or the ability to adapt a piece of equipment to perform multiple tasks - has inspired our engineers to design a number of multi-functional products that have resonated with customers and generated significant sales gains. The latest examples of such innovation are our all-new GrandStand® MULTI FORCETM models, featuring a Quick Attach SystemTM that allows contractors to convert these stand-on mowers into multi-season

agriculture irrigation businesses. We were honored to have recently been recognized by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency as the first large irrigation product manufacturer to be named the "2015 WaterSense® Partner of the Year" for contributions in product innovations to improve water use efficiency. This noteworthy award is evidence of why customers turn to Toro for real solutions that promote healthy plants and turf in a sustainable manner. Furthermore, growing concerns surrounding water availability and cost is helping drive increased adoption for our agricultural irrigation products, including our expanded lineup of Aqua-Traxx® FC (Flow Control) drip tape and Neptune® flat emitter dripline to serve a wider variety of crop applications. For residential homeowners, we have launched three new TimeCutter® zero-turn riders for fiscal 2016 that were designed with customer feedback in mind. They include two new lever-steer models that are equipped with commercial-grade decks for more challenging terrain, and a third steering wheel model with a wider 54-inch cutting deck and larger rear wheels.

13 percent or better by the end of 2017. Although our net working capital progress slowed and then moved in the wrong direction in 2015 - a situation we will remedy in fiscal 2016 ­ overall, we made good progress on our Destination PRIME program goals. Our Destination PRIME year one results reflect our performance in general. While our 2015 sales and earnings performance was generally gratifying, we  have more work to do. We must take decisive  measures to better serve customers by becoming a  more reliable supplier. Similarly, manufacturing variances must be addressed and improved. We have  the team, the talent and spirit to get these jobs done,  and we remain steadfast in our commitment to innovation, productivity and profitable growth, and returning value to our shareholders. As we continue our focus on driving market leadership and delivering successful results, I was pleased to announce that Rick Olson was promoted to the position of president and chief operating officer in 2015, followed by his election to The Toro Company's Board of Directors. His rich knowledge of the company and broad experience provide him with a unique strategic perspective that will be instrumental in helping drive us toward the achievement of our Destination PRIME goals and beyond. On behalf of our Board of Directors and employees, I want to thank all of you, our shareholders, for your continued trust in The Toro Company.

Outlook
The record-setting results we delivered in fiscal  2015 heighten my appreciation of and pride in being  associated with our great team. We look forward to  fiscal 2016 with this strong team in place to tackle the challenges ahead. While there are no guarantees of favorable weather and economic conditions, we will continue to focus on those things we can control. This includes our mission to provide superior innovation and superior customer care. A year ago, I discussed the goals of our current threeyear employee initiative, Destination PRIME. These goals include increasing organic net sales by more than 5 percent each year, achieving operating earnings of at least 13 percent, and driving net working capital down to

Sincerely,

Michael J. Hoffman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

