To our valued shareholders,
We are pleased to report both record revenues and earnings per share for fiscal 2012. While this would be good news in the best of times, it is particularly gratifying in light of the ongoing economic challenges faced by businesses around the globe and the wide range of weather conditions that impacted our key markets during the year. In the United States, it was a year where there was virtually no snowfall last winter, followed by a strong early start to spring, then record droughts during summer, and positive turf growth in the fall. It was truly a year of Mother Nature bookends as it relates to our businesses. In spite of the unusual year of weather, our employees' hard work and resolute commitment to our customers, fortified by the strong support of our channel partners, helped power strong fiscal year results. Net sales increased 4 percent to a record $1.96 billion, surpassing the previous record set in fiscal 2011. On the earnings front, we posted net income of $129.5 million, or $2.14 per share--16 percent growth over fiscal 2011. Other highlights for fiscal 2012 included completing three acquisitions, increasing our regular quarterly cash dividend, continuing our share repurchase program, and implementing a two-for-one stock split. The domestic golf industry remained solid and confidence improved. Sales were up as customers continued to invest in new equipment and irrigation products. A portion of these sales came from pent-up demand on orders for product that courses held off purchasing during the recession. The drought, while challenging to other Toro businesses, highlighted the benefits of our water-saving golf irrigation solutions. Additionally, golf rounds and revenues were up across the country, which helped fuel confidence among course owners and should have a positive effect on courses' 2013 capital budgets and thus our future sales opportunities. The landscape contractor and grounds markets delivered mixed results. While the lack of snow and summer drought hurt contractors' revenues in certain markets, overall our landscape contractor customers were healthy. Our powerful lineup of new Toro® and Exmark® products helped generate strong sales, and incremental sales from acquisitions also contributed to growth for the year. Looking forward, continued improvement in housing starts, and further growth in residential/commercial irrigation sales driven by Toro's innovative precision irrigation technologies, provides a promising view of the future.
Michael J. Hoffman, Chairman and CEO

End markets
Our professional golf, landscape contractor and grounds, and micro irrigation businesses performed well as demand for our products increased on strong market conditions and successful new product introductions. Sales grew in most professional segment businesses in the U.S., but were down in many other parts of the world, particularly in Europe due to economic challenges.

In our residential business, which is more immediately impacted by swings in weather, sales were down for the year. Poor snowfall last winter, and a severe drought throughout much of the United States this summer, detracted from strong spring sales results. While sales of snow products were down in fiscal 2012, we are well positioned with a strong snow thrower line to capitalize on new sales opportunities if normal snowfall returns. On another positive note, Toro saw its sales of walk power mowers and riding products increase against the industry trend. Toro remains committed to delivering innovative products for our residential customers in partnership with dealers and The Home Depot® to grow this segment. Our micro-irrigation business expanded as growers, looking for ways to increase efficiencies and yields, became more aware of Toro's innovative products. Investments in production capacity, including our new plant in Romania, will enable Toro to serve a growing customer base.

A few examples include our new Toro® TimeMasterTM that saves customers time by cutting a 30-inch swath without sacrificing quality of cut or ease of maneuverability. This new product category helped our residential walk power mower line outpace the industry. The rollout of the Toro® Greensmaster ® eFlex® golf greens mower, the industry's first lithium-ion battery powered greens mower, generated enthusiasm and can now be found manicuring greens, tees and surrounds at premier courses around the world. The introduction of a number of new products, like our FLEX TM Series LED "drop-in" lamps, increased sales of our Unique Lighting products. The Exmark® stand-on aerator, another recent acquisition-related introduction, was a welcome time-saving and revenue-generating addition to landscape contractor fleets. We also brought our industry-leading soil sensing technology to homeowners with the new PrecisionTM Soil Sensor--the Irrigation Association's "Best New Product" winner, which is helping customers conserve on both their water usage and utility bills. And, we are just getting started solving a major worldwide problem--moving from irrigation systems that run on clocks to sensor technologies that water only when needed.

Investments in innovation
Toro's growth continues to be fueled by our relentless pursuit of customer-valued innovation, represented in a number of exciting new products across our many businesses.

Relationships
We pride ourselves on developing long-term relationships with our customers, built on integrity and trust. In 2012, we proudly served many of golfs' leading courses as they hosted premier events including: The Olympic Club in San Francisco, site of this year's U.S. Open; South Carolina's Kiawah Island Golf Resort, home of the 2012 PGA Championship; and Medinah Country Club, where the Ryder Cup was held in late September. We also were honored this past year to extend our partnership with St Andrews Links Trust in Scotland, and support the All England Club and Glasgow's Hampden Park, sites for the 2012 London Olympics--and many other professional and collegiate venues around the world.

Finally, the new Toro® TS90 Sports Turf Rotor is the most innovative and versatile irrigation rotor for long throw sports field applications. It helps sports venues save water, time and money; all worthy goals, as this year we celebrated the 50th anniversary of Toro entering the underground irrigation business back in 1962. It is with exciting innovations like these that our company consistently captures headlines and, more importantly, market share.

Outlook
The company is prepared to meet the challenges presented by economic and weather uncertainties. The fundamental principles that enabled the company to navigate these obstacles in the past, helped us deliver record revenue and earnings per share results in fiscal 2012, and will drive our efforts in fiscal 2013. We continue our enterprise-wide focus on cost and productivity improvement with clear, specific goals shared by all employees. We are confident our talented team will continue to find new ways to minimize costs, while maximizing productivity and growth. The third year of our Destination 2014 initiative has commenced, and we are moving forward to achieve our goals of at least $100 million in incremental revenue growth for each year of the initiative and increasing operating earnings to 12 percent of sales by the end of 2014. We also remain committed to our prudent capital deployment approach including our ongoing investment in innovation to drive growth and market share, paying regular cash dividends, exploring strategic acquisitions and, when appropriate, continued share repurchases. I want to thank our employees around the world for their dedication and hard work that made our strong fiscal 2012 results possible. Our employees have always been, and continue to be, our most important asset. Finally, on behalf of our Board of Directors and employees, I want to thank all of you, our shareholders, for your continued trust in The Toro Company. Sincerely,

Growth through acquisitions
We continue to maintain our focus on exploring strategic acquisitions to both enter adjacent markets as well as expand product offerings to existing customers. We are excited about the three acquisitions completed in the year, and are making good progress integrating them into the enterprise. We expect that these efforts will help drive future growth and profitability. During fiscal 2012, Toro acquired assets from Astec Underground as a path to enter the market space of horizontal directional drills and ride-on trenchers for use by underground and utility contractors, municipalities and others. This market and customer segment relates closely to our existing landscape and irrigation contractors, and we intend to build a significant business around these products. The acquisition of assets related to Stone Construction Equipment provided Toro with an expanded offering of rental products for use in light construction and hardscapes. Over the past several years, Toro has developed a number of products internally and acquired others as part of our focused rental strategy. The addition of Stone concrete mixers, compaction equipment and concrete power tools increase Toro's relevance with rental outlets and add to Toro's presence in this important growth market. And, the acquisition of the Graden greens roller added a product to our golf lineup to help superintendents perform the increasingly prevalent practice of rolling greens, while incorporating the same level of product innovation, service and support they have come to expect from Toro.

Michael J. Hoffman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

