Jeff Bewkes Chairman and CEO

A Message from the Chairman and CEO
For Time Warner, 2010 was a watershed year that showcased our ability to deliver strong financial performance while entertaining and informing the world through our television networks, filmed entertainment and journalism.
A few years ago, we embarked on a multi-year plan to become the premier global content company and improve our returns. As part of that plan, last year we extended the industry leadership of all of our content businesses, and we made substantial investments to bolster their long-term competitive position and growth profile. At the same time, we posted our highest revenue growth in years, achieved 17% adjusted operating income growth, and increased adjusted earnings per share by over 30%. And through a combination of share repurchases and higher dividends, we returned $3 billion to our shareholders, representing more than 100% of our free cash flow. These results are a testament to the strength of our valuable brands at Turner Broadcasting, HBO, Warner Bros. and Time Inc. and, ultimately, the extraordinary work of our employees and creative partners. They also reflect our continued progress on four key strategic objectives: first, to build on our competitive advantages in making, acquiring and distributing great content; second, to develop new models that harness technology to improve the consumer experience and our economics; third, to expand the presence of our brands and content internationally in key territories; and fourth, to achieve all of this while improving both our operating and capital efficiency. Today, Time Warner is principally a television company, with networks representing more than two-thirds of our profits. If we take into account the contribution from our TV production business, an even larger proportion of profits is derived from television. This is a great position to be in. In all respects ­ creatively, financially, and in terms of viewership trends ­ television is truly

in a new Golden Age. To capitalize on these strengths and opportunities, last year we debuted breakout shows like Boardwalk Empire on HBO, Conan on TBS, Rizzoli & Isles on TNT, and the Warner Bros.-produced hit comedy Mike & Molly. Turner reached a 14-year arrangement with CBS and the NCAA to broadcast the Division I Men's Basketball Championship Tournament, among the most-watched sporting events in the United States, through 2024. In film, Warner Bros. led all studios in both domestic and international box office share for 2010 with such hits as Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 and Christopher Nolan's Inception, recipient of four Academy Awards. Warner Home Video held the #1 position in domestic sales in its physical and digital businesses, and Warner Bros. Television was the largest provider of network TV programming for the 19th time in 24 years. Time Inc.'s exceptional journalism brought the world to millions of readers in magazine and digital form, while leading the industry in domestic advertising share in 2010. CNN's global leadership has been demonstrated during major news events like the Deepwater Horizon oil rig disaster, the unrest in the Middle East and, more recently, the earthquake, tsunami and their aftermath in Japan; and CNN remained the #1 destination for online and mobile news. Business model innovation is a hallmark of our company, and our scale advantage positions us to lead the digital evolution of our industries. In June 2009, we unveiled the TV Everywhere (TVE) initiative as a way for consumers to best take advantage of new forms of distribution and mobile devices. The simple premise of TVE is that if you already subscribe to a television network, you should be able to access that network's shows on any broadband device, anywhere and anytime, at no additional cost. TVE enjoys broad industry support, including from every major distributor, and by the middle of 2011 we expect it to be available in some form in close to 70 million homes. One of the best examples of TVE is HBO GO, which we plan to roll out to almost our entire subscriber base this year. And we've extended our Content Everywhere concept to our film and publishing businesses. For instance, last year we launched

digital tablet versions of Time Inc.'s major magazine titles, and we'll offer consumers a range of options, including digital-only subscriptions and dual print and digital subscriptions, as the tablet market takes off. Warner Bros. is making great progress on similar initiatives designed to accelerate the digital transition in home video ­ an area of our business that's going through great change right now. For example, in March 2011 Warner Bros. was the first studio to offer downloaded movies for rent via Facebook, and the studio is actively working on more ways to allow people to watch our films in their homes and on the go more conveniently and sooner than ever before. As another example of our Content Everywhere approach, this year we'll start shipping DVDs that are compliant with the UltraViolet industry standard ­ which will enable consumers to buy movies once and then access them anywhere, across a wide range of devices, at no extra charge. At the same time, we're increasing the international reach of our TV networks and businesses. In the past two years, most of our acquisitions have been in international television networks, with an emphasis on territories that have attractive growth profiles and in which we can achieve scale. Between HBO and Turner, we expect our combined international network businesses (including majority-owned unconsolidated joint ventures) to double operating profits over the next few years. On the production side, last year Warner Bros. acquired a majority interest in Shed Media, a leading independent production company in the UK, and we're looking for more ways to expand our global production capabilities. We are optimistic about the businesses we are in and the consumer trends underlying them, and we have great confidence in the financial strength and exceptional talent that resides within our company. In the digital world, as platforms and devices proliferate and commoditize, we believe that our brands and our compelling content will only become more valuable. Time Warner also benefits from its distinct culture: one that stays true to the traditions and qualities that have made us a market leader while at the same time delivering value to shareholders today and innovating to ensure our continued success into the future.

Reflecting our confidence and our commitment to continue to improve shareholder returns, in early 2011 we raised our dividend by 11% and increased our stock buyback authorization to $5 billion. For 2011, we also plan to invest even more in our businesses, which we'll fund in part by continuing to manage aggressively our overhead costs. As we pursue our business objectives, we also remain committed to our corporate social responsibility efforts, which have included such initiatives as Turner's Cartoon Network's anti-bullying campaign, Time Inc.'s efforts to reduce paper waste, Warner Bros.' leadership in reducing depictions of tobacco use in films, and our company-wide Ethical Sourcing Guidelines. These efforts, coupled with our support of public

policies that promote freedom of expression, access to information and respect for intellectual property rights, are important to the long-term sustainability of the company and the global community we serve. The company's efforts have earned many accolades, and we were particularly proud to be named a 2011 recipient of the prestigious Catalyst Award for our diversity initiatives and investment in our women leaders. My colleagues and I greatly appreciate the trust you have put in Time Warner and will continue to work hard on your behalf.

Jeff Bewkes Chairman and CEO April 5, 2011

