A Message from the Chairman and CEO

Time Warner has a rich history of both extraordinary creativity and business-model innovation, and 2014 was another great year for both, which led to strong financial performance and returns for our shareholders.
In many ways, 2014 was a milestone year for us. We spun off our publishing business, completing our transition to a company solely focused on creating and distributing the best video content across television, film, and new platforms; successfully managed an unsolicited takeover offer that was not in our shareholders' best interests; and ushered in a new era for our industries when in mid-October we announced our intention to introduce a stand-alone, broadband-delivered version of HBO. Although the pace of change in our businesses is dramatic, I've never been more confident about the strength of our lead position in an increasingly, and inevitably, on-demand world. As the "new" Time Warner, we are today more nimble, collaborative, and -- with a new generation of leadership in place at our divisions -- focused on sustained success. Financially, 2014 was a stellar year for us. We increased Adjusted Earnings Per Share by a robust 18% -- the sixth consecutive year of at least high teens growth. We also grew Free Cash Flow by 12%, which allowed us to return $6.6 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases over the course of the year. All that translated into the strong performance of our stock and total shareholder returns at the very top of our industry in 2014. Continuing our commitment to direct returns to shareholders, we raised our dividend in 2015 by 10%, marking the sixth consecutive year of double-digit increases. And as we said at our investor event last October, we believe we can continue to deliver very attractive growth in the years to come. In a world of exploding media choices and technologies for consumers, that performance is a testament to the leadership position of our operating businesses -- Warner Bros., Turner Broadcasting, and Home Box Office. Fueled by the passion, dedication, and ingenuity of our employees, we're working every day to tell the world's best stories and to help shape the future of media. And as our company and industries evolve, we continue to adhere to the strategy that has guided us so well:     Investing in, and being home to, the best content Leading in digital innovation Expanding our international presence Operating and allocating capital efficiently

The following pages give you more details and highlights on how we've successfully translated this strategy into actions across our company, and I encourage you to take a look. The greatest source of my confidence in our future is the caliber and integrity of Time Warner's people, who make our company the preferred home for the very best talent and ideas. In addition to passion and commitment to our business goals, we also share a common culture in which our employees care deeply about the communities where we work and live, and strive to make a positive impact on them and indeed the world. And, as an employer, we remain committed to fostering a workforce that reflects our global audience and allows distinct and diverse voices to flourish. So on behalf of all of us at Time Warner, I want to thank you for the confidence and trust you place in us.

Jeff Bewkes Chairman and CEO

1

