A MESSAGE FROM CHAIRMAN & CEO RICHARD D. PARSONS AND PRESIDENT & COO JEFFREY L. BEWKES
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, Time Warner delivered an impressive year in 2006, and we are well positioned to capitalize yet again in 2007 on this company's exciting potential. In fact, despite competing in rapidly evolving industries, we have never been more confident that Time Warner is on the right path to generate sustainable long-term growth for the benefit of our shareholders. Among our most significant accomplishments in 2006 were:
     

Meeting our company's full-year financial objectives; Completing the acquisition of the Adelphia and Comcast cable systems and enabling Time Warner Cable to become its own publicly traded company; Shifting AOL's strategy to focus resources on its growing online advertising business; Launching what we believe are more digital initiatives than any of our diversified media and entertainment peers; Expanding our stock repurchase program to a total of $20 billion and increasing our quarterly dividend by 10%; and Continuing to produce the world's best entertainment and journalism, which earned 10 Oscars in 2007--more than any other company--as well as the National Magazine Award's top honor and many Emmys, among other accolades.

We owe these significant achievements to our robust execution against the company's strategy. We believe that pursuing the same strategic priorities will drive our future financial and operational successes. First among our strategic goals is making sure that we're in the right businesses. That means directing our investments to our most competitively well-positioned companies, which also have attractive growth prospects and fit well with our other operations. In 2006, the greatest change to our portfolio of businesses was our cable acquisition, which increased Time Warner Cable's footprint by almost one-third and opened the way for 16% of the cable company's total outstanding common shares to be publicly traded under the "TWC" symbol on the New York Stock Exchange. Just as we invested in our new and existing businesses in 2006, we moved to divest more than $4 billion of non-core assets--including our European Internet access businesses, in line with the new AOL strategy. As we move forward, we'll continue to allocate our capital efficiently to enable us to focus more closely on our most promising opportunities in the U.S. and internationally. Our second strategic priority is to keep running our businesses at the highest possible level, including cross-company collaborations, to extend our leading competitive positions. For us, that starts with meeting and exceeding our annual financial objectives. Critical to achieving these targets will be our continued execution against AOL's new strategy, with its focus on offering a full

A MESSAGE FROM CHAIRMAN & CEO RICHARD D. PARSONS AND PRESIDENT & COO JEFFREY L. BEWKES

range of free products to build AOL's audience and advertising revenue. The early results of this new strategy have been encouraging, with AOL's advertising revenue growing faster in the second half of 2006 than the industry average. Another crucial effort will be--as we integrate Time Warner Cable's new systems in 2007--selling our innovative video, data and Digital Phone services to millions of new customers as well as introducing compelling new offerings. And we'll keep doing what it takes to keep our other businesses on top--from our successful Turner and HBO networks to Time Inc.'s legendary brands and the dynamic Warner Bros. and New Line studios. There's no more important strategic priority for our businesses' future success than making the most of the growing digital opportunities. We're leaders in creating digital content, with the #1 online news site (CNN.com), #1 business site (CNNMoney.com) and the two leading celebrity sites (People.com and TMZ.com). We're among the pioneers in digital distribution over the full range of outlets--whether mobile phones, such as HBO and CNN distributing their programming in the U.S. and internationally; digital television, including Time Warner Cable's Start Over service; or downloads, with Warner Bros. and New Line content available on Walmart.com, BitTorrent and other sites. In addition, Warner Bros. is driving the campaign for dual-format high-definition DVDs. These initiatives have gained real traction, and we'll be accelerating these and other digital efforts in the future. Finally, we're committed to managing our finances to grow our businesses and deliver value directly to our shareholders. Even as we invest billions of dollars in building our current businesses and acquiring new ones, we expect to complete our $20 billion stock repurchase program in the first half of 2007. Once it ends, we anticipate having repurchased about 25% of the company's stock outstanding at the beginning of the program. And we're working with our Board of Directors to determine how best to allocate our excess financial capacity in the future. We also plan to continue our quarterly cash dividend, which returned nearly $900 million to our shareholders in 2006. At the same time, we'll continue our company-wide cost reduction program that aims to save $1 billion over the two years starting in 2006. We believe all of our hard work against our strategy has contributed to improvements in our stock price in 2006. But we are by no means satisfied, and we are dedicated to redoubling our efforts to build even more value for our shareholders. There's much more to Time Warner, of course, than simply dollars and cents. Our company stands above all others for the quality of the journalism and entertainment that we deliver around the world. Beyond our successes at the 2007 Academy Awards, HBO's 26 Emmys in 2006 led all other broadcast and cable networks for the fourth straight year. Also earning well-deserved Emmy recognition were Warner Bros. Television, CNN, TNT, Cartoon Network and Turner Classic Movies, as well as Time Warner Cable and AOL. In addition, TIME magazine brought home the top honor from the National Magazine Awards, and four of Time Inc.'s Web sites won Digital Awards from the Magazine Publishers of America. We have every confidence that we'll continue to see this level of achievement and more in the future.

A MESSAGE FROM CHAIRMAN & CEO RICHARD D. PARSONS AND PRESIDENT & COO JEFFREY L. BEWKES

With the same dedication, Time Warner will keep pursuing its corporate responsibility commitments. Our philanthropy focuses on raising the academic achievement of students from underrepresented backgrounds as well as supporting organizations that nurture creativity and diversity in the arts. By aligning our corporate citizenship with our business goals and values, we enhance our capacity to do well while doing good at the same time. We'll close by thanking those responsible for everything Time Warner accomplishes--the tremendous women and men who work for this company. We'll continue to invest in them, our most important asset, making our workforce more diverse and developing our next generation of leaders. The creativity, loyalty and hard work of our people make all the difference. With their continued support, we're confident that we'll extend our leadership as the premier media and entertainment company in the world.

RI C H A R D D. PA R S ONS Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

J E F F R E Y L . BE W K E S President and Chief Operating Officer

