   To our shareholders:
As we close out 2015, I want to thank you for your investment and confidence in Texas Instruments.
It was a good year and our financial results speak well of our company. Gross margin was 58.2 percent of revenue and operating margin was 32.9 percent, both new records. Most importantly, free cash flow margin was a new record at 28.6 percent of revenue, up 170 basis points from a year ago. After first investing in new technologies and products for
our future, we again returned more than 100 percent of free cash flow dollars to you, our shareholders, in the form of dividends and share buybacks. Dividends per share increased to $1.52 annualized, up by
a factor of 12 in the last decade, and shares outstanding decreased
to their lowest levels in almost 50 years. We accomplished all of this despite a tepid economy accompanied by headwinds from foreign exchange rates and some end markets.
As I’ve said before in my letters to you, the strength of our company’s performance starts with the right focus and the right strategies. We are solid here because we’ve anchored our business model in two pervasive semiconductor technologies that are part of virtually every piece of electronics equipment in the world: analog and embedded processing. The semiconductors from these technologies have long life cycles and diverse market exposures that foster growth and good investment returns. They use mature, and therefore, lower-cost manufacturing processes and assets, which allow us to generate more cash and profitability. In 2015, 86 percent of our revenue came from the sale of Analog and Embedded semiconductors, up from 83 percent in 2014. Once again, we gained market share in both of these core businesses, the sixth consecutive year we’ve done so.
As you can see, our company has strengthened thanks to these strategies and investments that create long-term value. But we are not lulled into complacency by our success. We recognize that fundamental changes are happening across our industry, and we are intent on recognizing and staying ahead of them in order to maximize our company’s competitiveness.
Among these changes is the accelerated rate of industry consolidation. Fortunately, we were in front of this curve several years ago when we acquired National Semiconductor. As a result, our customers now have access to a stronger and broader portfolio of Analog and Embedded semiconductors, and we are now enjoying more than an 8 percent return on our investment.
Richard K. Templeton
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Another big change is the emergence of the World Wide Web as an important decision point for semiconductor design-ins and purchases. This has long been common for consumer goods but is newer for technical and engineering-based buys. We’ve been investing for several years to make TI.com the preferred source for analog and embedded semiconductors, and today we have what I believe is our industry’s very best Web experience for design engineers.
Finally, new markets for semiconductors like industrial and automotive are presenting new opportunities as the best sources of growth. This is particularly good news, because while we aspire in all markets, industrial and automotive applications are still in the early stages of semiconductor adoption, and our own percentage of revenue from the combination of both has jumped four points, to 46 percent, in just the past few years.
I’ll close this letter by reaffirming our intent to care wisely for your investment in us. We know this requires discipline on our part to allocate our company’s capital to the best places with the best prospects for long-term growth and returns. We spend a lot of time making sure we do this well because it makes the difference in whether we generate returns that are greater than our cost of capital.
The outcome of our investments to date has been a set of competitive advantages that, taken together, separate us from our peers and are difficult for others to replicate. These are: 1) our manufacturing strategy and technology, including 300-millimeter Analog manufacturing, 2) our broad product portfolio, 3) our unparalleled market reach, and 4) our diverse and long-lived product positions. They provide tangible benefits, among them: growth, profitability, strong cash generation, and many markets and customers to ensure success is not dependent on a single application or buyer. As a result, TI is in a unique class of companies able to grow, generate and return cash to shareholders, and we intend to stay here for a long time to come.
             Note: Free cash flow (non-GAAP) = Cash flow from operations minus Capital expenditures. See page 21 for details.
    