                                        TEXAS INSTRUMENTS 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 1
  Thomas J. Engibous Richard K.Templeton
Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
All of us at Texas Instruments are committed to building a great company. That means developing products that drive innovation and fit the needs of the market, as well as providing our customers with industry-leading support. In 2006, we made significant progress in both these areas. We strengthened our focus on analog and digital signal processors (DSPs), and delivered new products to help our customers get to market faster with features few thought possible just a few years before. In addition, we invested in making ourselves available everywhere our customers are, opening new support locations in Asia and Eastern Europe and increasing the number of TI analog field applications engineers by 45 percent. As a result, we have better aligned ourselves with our customers’ needs and can respond more quickly to changes in the marketplace.
We still have plenty of road to travel before reaching our goal of “great,” but our efforts last year made a real difference to our customers – and, as a result, a real difference to TI. In 2006, we grew faster than the semiconductor market, gaining share for the fifth consecutive year and taking our total revenue beyond the $14 billion mark for the first time in our company’s history. In addition, we achieved our goal of growing earnings per share faster than revenue and delivering greater value to our share- holders. These results came, in part, from improving the efficiency of our operations, but primarily from becoming more respon- sive to our customers’ global needs and making it easier for them to choose TI.
TI analog revenue grew robustly last year and was an important part of the TI story – and we expect its role to increase in the years ahead. As the digital revolution speeds forward, advances in analog have become critical to a wide range of electronic devices, from the multimedia cell phones connecting people around the world, to heart defibrillators that help save lives. TI is committed to pushing the boundaries of technology and helping customers provide greater mobility, as well as more convenience, comfort and safety.
As we move forward on the analog front, DSPs remain a vital area of strength, especially in serving the growing demand for video technologies. The success of our DaVinciTM product line supports our belief that video is fast becoming an indispensable medium for communicating information. Also important in charting our DSP course are the needs of emerging economies across the globe. TI’s single-chip cell phone solutions are bringing down handset costs, but as we continue to innovate on the single-chip platform, we are helping transform today’s “low cost” cell phone into a multimedia smartphone that connects and entertains billions of new consumers.
Together, sales growth of TI’s higher margin analog products and the effectiveness of combining in-house and foundry manu- facturing continue to deliver marked improvements in our financial performance. Despite periodic shifts in demand, our hybrid manufacturing strategy has enabled us to meet customer needs more efficiently and to ensure more consistent usage of our factories. As a result, TI’s profitability reached a new record, and we increased our return on invested capital. Moreover, strong cash flow from operations in 2006 allowed us to provide our shareholders with higher dividends and increased stock repurchases, which reduced the number of shares outstanding by 9 percent.
We take on 2007 with the goal of delivering even greater value to our customers, our shareholders and the world at large. All of us at TI believe we have just begun to realize our potential, and there are countless opportunities still out there for TI products and expertise to make a difference. As the world continues to embrace digital technology, advances in both analog and DSP will be critical to developing new and more effective ways to improve people’s lives. And TI is committed to staying at the forefront, expanding the possibilities for electronics innovation and demonstrating the amazing power of semiconductor technology.
 