                 To our shareholders
For many, 2009 is a year best forgotten. But for TI, it’s a year to be remembered.
In the face of an historic economy of whipsawing contraction and growth, we accelerated our commitment to Analog and Embedded Processing by investing in new products and redeploying resources from less promising areas. The soundness of our strategy was underscored as we improved our growth relative to our competitors each quarter of the year. We have strong momentum going into 2010.
Through the downturn, we continued to increase investments in areas that we believe will fuel future growth. For example, we expanded our field sales and applications resources to serve customers in fast-growing regions like China, India and Eastern Europe. We made strategic acquisitions to bolster the portfolios of our core businesses. Luminary Micro expanded our Embedded Processing microcontroller offerings, while CICLON Semiconductor strengthened our Analog power management portfolio.
We expanded Kilby Labs, which provides an environment where TI technologists can innovate, collaborate and test their ideas. And we established new product lines to penetrate important opportunities
in the LED lighting, smart metering and solar energy markets.
We were also one of the very few semiconductor companies
to expand our manufacturing capacity in the downturn to position our company for future growth. We began to outfit the world’s first 300-millimeter analog manufacturing facility, RFAB, in Richardson, Texas, which will let us ship $3 billion more in Analog products when fully equipped. We also added 800,000 square feet of assembly/test capacity with our new TI Clark facility located in the Philippines.
Our financial performance in 2009 offered a glimpse into the power of a business model focused on Analog and Embedded Processing. By the time the downturn troughed in the first quarter of 2009, TI revenue had declined 38 percent from six months earlier, one of the steepest drops in our history. This decline was followed by an unprecedented 44 percent snapback in cumulative growth in the
following three quarters. Yet, through it all, TI remained profitable, demonstrating a resiliency that often eluded us in prior downturns. For the year, revenue dropped 17 percent, but our operating margin was virtually unchanged from 2008, and in the fourth quarter of 2009, our operating margin set a new record high.
In this environment, our manufacturing operations demonstrated their agility. As demand declined, we slowed and temporarily suspended many of our operations to minimize costs, while being careful not to impair our long-term ability to grow. When demand unexpectedly turned back up in the second quarter, our operations responded again, doubling production output inside of six months. Even so, the rapid growth in demand for our products required additional capital spending in the second half of the year as we work to deliver the volume of products our customers need.
We also returned value directly to you, our shareholders, by continuing to repurchase stock and paying higher dividends. While many companies suspended their stock repurchases in the downturn, TI bought back our stock in every quarter of 2009, repurchasing almost $1 billion in total and reducing our outstanding shares another 3 percent. In addition, we paid over half a billion dollars in dividends and raised our dividend for the sixth consecutive year. Even with our capacity expansions, stock repurchases and dividends, our cash and short-term investments increased by $385 million to more than
$2.9 billion.
The most important thing we learned in 2009 is that our work is not yet done. Our positions in Analog and Embedded Processing are strong, but we have the opportunity to make them much stronger. That’s our mission for 2010.
Richard K. Templeton
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 