$796 million
FREE CASH FLOW*
To Our Shareholders, Employees and Customers: I'm extremely proud of Textron's powerful performance in 2007, as evidenced by a range of financial indicators. But what's most important to me is the story behind the numbers ­ how we achieved them and how this positions us well for a powerful future. We made great strides in leveraging resources, talent and technology across our business units. Textron Six Sigma has given us more than a common operational language: It has provided us a common approach to improve every business. At the heart of it all, our more than 44,000 employees demonstrate each day that company greatness really does start with people. Knowing this, a key focus of our business is to increase employee engagement as we advance toward our vision of becoming the premier multi-industry company, recognized for our network of powerful brands, world-class processes and talented people. A Broad Range of Financial Indicators Reflects a Year of Powerful Performance Revenues in 2007 increased 15 percent to $13.2 billion. Earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations rose 32 percent to $3.59, with manufacturing margins expanding by 160 basis points. That's significant, and for this we can point to the successful implementation across the enterprise of our Textron Six Sigma business improvement process. We certified 153 Six Sigma Black Belts and 1,429 Green Belts during the year, bringing our totals to nearly 900 Black Belts and more than 4,200 Green Belts since the inception of our transformation. Moreover, 95 percent of our 186-member Global Leadership Team has attained Green Belt certification. Operating cash flow from continuing operations for our manufacturing businesses totaled $1.2 billion, allowing us to invest $391 million in new capital expenditures for continued future growth. And we're seeing the results, with return on invested capital growing to 24.8 percent. We're making prudent investments in capacity, new product research and development, and market development that both drive and support organic growth. Our record $18.8 billion aircraft and defense backlog is proof that these investments are paying off. Textron provided owners a total market return of 54 percent in 2007, far surpassing the five percent return of the S&P 500 Index. This performance reflects the strength of returns for our end markets and advancements in our businesses across the enterprise. Bell Helicopter on Long-Term Upswing; Textron Systems Broadens Its Precision Engagement Capabilities Our Bell segment, composed of Bell Helicopter and Textron Systems, posted revenues of $3.9 billion in 2007. Based on current projections, we expect segment revenues to exceed $5 billion by 2010. Bell Helicopter's business is clearly on a long-term upswing, with significant demand coming from both the military and commercial sectors at the same time. In fact, we delivered 181 commercial helicopters during the year, up from 159 in 2006. There are a number of factors at play here. The helicopter industry is entering its first significant replacement cycle, with 40 percent of today's fleet more than 25 years old. We are also seeing a rise in exploration and production for oil and other natural resources in increasingly remote areas, where helicopters play an important role. Additionally, helicopter sales are benefiting from rising demand in Asia and from an increase in use for emergency medical services, law enforcement, disaster relief and the global war on terror.

*Free Cash Flow is defined in footnote (2) on page 18. 3

15%
At Bell Helicopter, we continue to enhance our ability to meet delivery commitments. We have strengthened the talent on the operations side of the business, invested in new machine tools and information technology systems, streamlined the business and design processes and launched an employee engagement initiative. As a result, Bell Helicopter has been able to expand commercial ship deliveries by a 20 percent compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) over the past two years and overall support/service revenues by a 15 percent CAGR over the past four years. 2007 marked the first deployment of the V-22, as the U.S. military began using this innovative aircraft in Iraq. The V-22 combines the vertical lift capability of a helicopter with the speed and range of a turboprop airplane. Early feedback on its performance has been positive, with the U.S. Marine Corps performing missions that otherwise would not have been possible. Last year we delivered a total of 14 V-22s to the U.S. Marine Corps and U.S. Air Force. Additionally, during the year we delivered the first 10 of an anticipated 280 H-1 attack and utility helicopters. It has been a busy and productive year at Textron Systems, our most active unit on the acquisition front. After the purchase of Overwatch Systems in 2006 and United Industrial Corporation (which owns AAI Corporation) in late 2007, Textron Systems is now projected to be a $2 billion business in 2008. These acquisitions move Textron Systems toward its goal of becoming a stronger, more strategic player in precision engagement systems.

REVENUE GROWTH

Textron Systems also delivered a record 576 Armored Security Vehicles (ASV) in 2007. I can't overstate the importance of the ASV and the pride we take in it. We are deeply moved by the men and women in military service and their families who continue to write letters thanking us for the ASVs that protect them and their loved ones. Cessna Enjoys Another Year of Strong Growth and Changes the Rules in the Light Jet Segment Cessna Aircraft celebrated its 80th anniversary in 2007 by delivering a record 387 jets. Its sales totaled $5 billion, up 20 percent from the previous year. Textron's Six Sigma Lean initiative played a key role, helping Cessna manufacture and deliver more aircraft than ever before. There are so many developments we can point to with pride. Among them, the business ramped up production of the new Citation Mustang, with 45 delivered in 2007 and 100 scheduled for delivery in 2008. A game changer in the light jet segment, the Mustang brings jet ownership within reach of an entirely new customer base. Then there's the Cessna 162 SkyCatcher, a new light sport aircraft unveiled in July. Not only is this an exciting new market for Cessna, it marks the first time that a Cessna-branded product will be assembled in China. Launched at the very competitive introductory price of $109,500, the SkyCatcher will be available in 2009. We've already taken more than 900 orders. We continue to invest in expanding capacity. For example, Cessna broke ground in 2007 on a manufacturing expansion in Columbus, Georgia, and on a Citation Service Center in Mesa, Arizona. Cessna also introduced a new maintenance capability that allows the company to service an aircraft directly at the customer's facility in many cases. With an active fleet of about 5,000 Citations, finding new ways to enhance customer service will be critical to long-term success.

4

Financial Highlights
(Dollars in millions, except per share data)

2007 $ $ $ $ $ 13,225 1,640 12.4% 915 1,186 796 24.8% 3.59 0.85 $ $ $ $ $

2006 11,490 1,267 11.0% 706 1,119 691 16.8% 2.71 0.78

Operating Results Revenues Segment profit (1) Segment profit margin Income from continuing operations Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations Free cash flow (2) ROIC (3) Common Share Data * Diluted EPS from continuing operations Dividends per share

$ $

$ $

* 2006 Common Share Data are adjusted for the two-for-one stock split in 2007. Additional footnotes to this table are on page 18.

Concentration on global expansion should generate positive results for Cessna in the coming years, complementing a strong North American base. With many emerging markets increasing in affluence, developing their infrastructures and opening up more airspace, we expect growing demand for private jets to follow. In fact, 53 percent of 2007 Citation orders came from outside the United States. A year-end backlog of $12.6 billion, with very few delivery slots available until 2010, gives Cessna reason to look to the future with a great deal of confidence and optimism. Additionally, the acquisition of certain assets of Columbia Aircraft Manufacturing Corporation in December 2007 expands Cessna's offerings into the upper end of the piston product line. In January 2008, we announced that we would move foward on the Citation Columbus, our new long-range, large-cabin version of the Citation. This addition to the world's biggest fleet of business jets will extend the flight range of the Citation and add more comfort for our customers. Industrial Businesses Focus on Innovation to Fuel Profitability and Top-Line Growth Revenues of Textron's industrial businesses reached $3.4 billion. We've spent much of the past five years targeting operational improvements, and we are now keenly focused on expanding the top line. Product innovation will lead the way. In November, E-Z-GO introduced the E-Z-GO RXV, a significant advancement in golf car technology. Through reduced energy and maintenance costs, it offers exceptional value to golf course operators. E-Z-GO plans to apply this new technology to products marketed directly to consumers as well.

E-Z-GO also accelerated its journey to premier in 2007 by besting previous internal production records. In fact, for the second straight year, this business captured the top Textron Six Sigma (TSS) award for leading the enterprise in TSS deployment. E-Z-GO's Six Sigma successes have been so impressive that they have served as a model for other units across the company. Kautex underscored its product and technology leadership in the fuel tank business with its innovative next generation fuel system, which is expected to accelerate revenue growth by the end of the decade. Also, Kautex is expanding with its automotive customers into China, India and other developing countries where automotive production is growing. Three years of double-digit percentage revenue growth reflects strong demand for Greenlee's innovative professional tools. In January 2007, Greenlee successfully launched a professional line of hand tools in the United States and introduced metric versions of these products in September for the Canadian markets. The innovation also continued at Jacobsen, whose new Out-Front Rotary Mower for the municipal market won Turf Professional magazine's first place for new products in 2007. Rounding out our Industrial segment, our Fluid & Power group of businesses continues to serve the high-growth energy and oil and gas industries. In addition, in 2007 Maag Pump Systems introduced an innovative pump for end users in the polymers production market that significantly reduces material waste and downtime for cleaning.

5

$18.8 billion
At Textron Financial, High Credit Quality and Customer Service Underscore Another Year of Growth Textron Financial enjoyed a year of continued solid growth, with its portfolio of managed finance receivables growing to $11 billion. At the same time, we're proud of our disciplined approach to growth at Textron Financial, as evidenced by our continued solid credit quality. The business' growth strategy focuses largely on expansion into adjacent spaces and new geographic markets. Textron Financial extended its reach to 65 countries through its Aviation Finance Division, and further expansion will likely mirror Cessna Aircraft's increasing geographic reach. Its Distribution Finance Group grew receivables in Canada to $681 million and established a new European operation in the United Kingdom to provide inventory financing to dealers in Western Europe. Leveraging the Power of the Networked Enterprise At Textron, we are more actively networking our businesses. It's more than just talk. Our business units are increasingly taking advantage of the resources, talent and technology found across our company. For example, E-Z-GO brought in engineers from elsewhere in Textron to help evaluate the new RXV golf car's systems. Cessna has provided Bell with systems expertise and will allocate manufacturing space at its plant in Mexico in the coming year to help Bell expand capacity. Our networked enterprise will continue to bring new levels of value to all Textron businesses. Powerful Performance Fuels Our Journey to Premier Clearly, we've made a lot of progress on our journey to become the premier multi-industry company. At the same time, it's a journey that will never really end because we will continually need to find ways of improving our productivity and profitability. Our Global

AIRCRAFT AND DEFENSE BACKLOG

Technology Center in Bangalore, India, is one example. In combination with our U.S. operations, it allows us to carry on our engineering and research and development efforts essentially around the clock. As we review our powerful performance in 2007, we look ahead to a powerful future. The outlook for 2008 and beyond is solid, with Textron benefiting from continued robust organic growth and strong return on invested capital (ROIC). Across Textron, global sales will play an increasingly important role in our success. Currently, sales outside the United States account for only 39 percent of Textron revenues, which leaves us ample room to grow. Our ability to take advantage of changes in the global marketplace is paramount to achieving our goal of premier status, producing shareholder returns in the top quartile of our peer group. Helping us to achieve our goals, our Board of Directors is key to our performance and our future, and I would like to personally thank and recognize outgoing Director Jesse Arnelle following 15 years of service and dedication to our company. Our management team and workforce are the strongest I've seen, and together, we have the power to seize the many opportunities that lie ahead for our company. Thank you for your support.

Lewis B. Campbell Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Certified Six Sigma Green Belt

6

