O
Textron 2009:

Pictured below: Scott C. Donnelly assumed the role of Textron President and Chief Executive Officer in December of 2009.

Pictured left to right on page 1: John D. Butler, Executive Vice President Administration and Chief Human Resources Officer; Frank T. Connor, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Terrence O'Donnell, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer.

ur Fellow Shareholders, Employees and Customers:

2009 was a challenging year for Textron. With the global recession impacting market demand and our production volumes ­ particularly at Cessna and our industrial businesses ­ the focus has been to increase operational efficiency, improve working capital and generate cash. On the defense side of our business, the focus was to expand our capacity to meet increasing customer demand. In our Finance segment, we began exiting our non-captive finance business. Additionally, we took significant steps to improve our capital structure and liquidity position. In response to the reductions in demand, we were faced with some very difficult, but necessary actions. These actions resulted in a workforce reduction of approximately 10,400 employees and the closing of 23 facilities. Also throughout our manufacturing businesses, we instituted working capital improvement programs aimed at increasing operational efficiencies and generating cash. These programs helped to reduce our inventory by

$820 million in 2009. I am confident these operational efficiencies and the cost structure we've put into place will improve our competitiveness and ability to capitalize on a recovery in our markets. Demonstrating the value of our balanced portfolio, Textron's defense businesses remained strong. Our ability to ramp up and deliver high-quality, advanced-technology products on or ahead of schedule for this sector provided a solid foundation for the year ­ with our defense revenues increasing by $149 million over 2008. Wrapping up our manufacturing performance for the year, despite total revenues for this group being down 24 percent from 2008, we ended 2009 with a segment profit for the group of $769 million. We also exceeded our 2009 manufacturing free cash flow1 target of $300 million to $400 million ­ ending the year at $424 million. In our Finance segment, we achieved the orderly liquidation of $3.8 billion of managed finance receivables

more than 500 aircraft to fewer than 300 planes shipped in 2009 forced us to take a close look at all aspects of how we think, how we operate, how we move forward."

"With significant operational improvements in place, we now are executing product ramp-ups and growing our balanced business of military and commercial aircraft sales and support."

Jack J. Pelton, Cessna Chairman, President and CEO

John L. Garrison Jr., Bell Helicopter President and CEO

HIGHLIGHTS FROM 2OO9

In a report to Congress, the U.S. Defense Contract Management Agency recognized Bell, citing its Earned Value Management System as exemplary manufacturing efficiency at work.

A Southern California Edison study reported E-Z-GO's RXV golf car is up to 39 percent more energy efficient than traditional electric golf cars.

Cessna delivered the 275th Citation Sovereign, the 300th Citation X and the first Skycatcher.

AAI's Shadow Unmanned Aircraft System passed its 100,000th mission flown and has more than 470,000 flight hours ­ most of them in combat theaters.

­ $1.2 billion above our original 2009 target ­ and realized a cash conversion ratio of 94 percent. As a result, we made real progress toward this segment ultimately becoming one dedicated to the financing of Textron products. Also, we executed our strategy to create a capital structure appropriate for a manufacturing company with a modest captive finance business. We issued $1.2 billion of public debt and sold $250 million in Textron common stock. The combination of these actions ­ together with our manufacturing free cash flow and cash conversion of our managed finance receivable liquidations ­ enabled us to reduce our net debt2 from $11.9 billion at the end of 2008 to $7.4 billion in 2009. For our executive team, 2009 was also a year of transition with a new CEO, a new CFO, and new business leaders at Bell, Textron Financial, Textron Systems and our Industrial segment. I would like to thank former CEO, Lewis Campbell, and the Textron Board of Directors for all of their insights and efforts toward shaping this company.

Through the actions we took in 2009, I believe we enter 2010 a stronger company. In the coming year, I look forward to executing a strategy that leverages the reputation of our brands; leads to long-term growth for our shareholders; creates career opportunities for our employees; and ensures a valued partner for our customers. Sincerely,

Scott C. Donnelly President and Chief Executive Officer

1, 2

Free cash flow and net debt represent non-GAAP measures. See page 6 for reconciliations to GAAP.

"We delivered innovative and reliable solutions that met our customers' requirements and continuously improved our operations. All of our operating units were responsive to their particular markets and executed well."

"Managing through volume declines of as much as 40 percent in some industry sectors meant finding sustainable ways to drive out costs, improve manufacturing efficiency and, at the same time, better engage the customer."

"I am extremely proud of the hundreds of committed Textron Financial employees who were able to shift their focus from portfolio growth to cash conversion. The results of their efforts far surpassed expectations."

Frederick M. Strader, Textron Systems President and CEO

J. Scott Hall, Industrial Segment and Greenlee President

Warren R. Lyons, Textron Financial Corporation President and CEO

1

