1

Fellow Shareholders:
With a recovering global economy, many of our businesses demonstrated improved performance in 2010. At Bell, the team delivered another year of solid execution, with an increase in overall revenues and double-digit profit margins. Volume increased in our Industrial segment-- largely driven by the return of the global automotive market--which led to improved profitability. Cessna continued to work through a tough cycle in the aviation industry; however, there were positive indications of recovery in the fourth quarter with the delivery of 79 business jets out of 179 total deliveries for the year. At Textron Systems, we saw the continued steady delivery of our armored security vehicles, unmanned aircraft systems and technology solutions that support today's armed forces. Our manufacturing businesses ended 2010 up slightly from last year with $10.3 billion in revenues and a profit of $790 Key to growth in 2010 and beyond, we accelerated activities around the quantity and pace of new product development, as well as the expansion of our distribution channels and service footprint. In our Finance segment, we made excellent progress with our finance receivables liquidation begun in 2009. In 2010, we reduced our finance receivables by $2.4 billion and generated $2.2 billion in net cash from the liquidation of finance assets. Overall, this performance allowed us to take a number of positive actions in 2010. We continued to strengthen our balance sheet and reduced our consolidated net debt2 to $5.0 billion--down from $7.4 billion last year and from $11.9 billion in 2008. million for these segments. For the year, we realized $692 million in free cash flow1 --compared to $424 million in 2009.

1, 2

Free cash flow and net debt are non-GAAP measures. See page 10 for reconciliations to GAAP.

2

Innovation In terms of innovation, both Cessna and Bell announced major new products and product upgrades that feature improvements ranging from heightened comfort and performance to reduced owner operating costs. At Textron Systems, we enhanced the performance of our ground vehicles, invested in future precision weapons and unveiled kits to increase the wingspan of our unmanned aircraft. In our Industrial segment, we introduced street-legal, low-speed vehicles for consumer and industrial use. We made upgrades to our existing golf car line-up and broadened our aftermarket parts and accessories offerings. We also introduced a series of advanced technology products for the plumbing and electrical trades, as well as began full-scale production of new hybrid equipment offerings for the turf-care industry. These are only the beginning of the innovations to come from our product development pipeline. Global Service Footprint During the year, we also took steps to strengthen our domestic and international aviation service footprint. In 2010, Cessna began deploying more Mobile Service Units and adding service centers in the United States, Europe and the Middle East. Also, Bell and Cessna combined resources to establish the first shared parts distribution and service centers in Europe and Asia.

Operational Efficiency To ensure that these growth initiatives produce optimal results, our teams continued to drive for improved operational efficiency in everything we do. From research and development to manufacturing activities to front-end sales and service, we took action to speed time to market and lower operating costs. In total, these types of operational and customer-facing actions strengthen our ability to be successful in an increasingly competitive global marketplace. I'd like to thank everyone whose hard work produced the solid results we saw in 2010. As we move into the future, I believe we are on the right path to making even further gains in operational efficiency; in building our brands; and in seeing our businesses, our employees, and our customers enjoy continued success. Sincerely,

Scott C. Donnelly
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

"In total, these types of operational and customer-facing actions strengthen our ability to be successful in an increasingly competitive global marketplace."

