TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES AND CUSTOMERS:
We posted strong revenues in 2008, bolstered by record jet deliveries at Cessna and strong execution at Bell Helicopter and Textron Systems. Unfortunately, the worldwide financial upheaval that hit late in the year altered the global economic landscape and eclipsed these successes. Businesses of every size and scope, across all industries, have felt the immense impact of the economic crisis, and Textron is no exception. While 2008 Textron revenues rose 13 percent over 2007 to $14.2 billion, orders at Cessna and our Industrial businesses dropped significantly in the final quarter. Further, Textron Financial Corporation (TFC) experienced a significant loss for the year as a result of the disruption and volatility in the capital markets. Our Bell Helicopter and Textron Systems businesses provided some shelter from the storm, however, as we booked new or renewed military contracts totaling $5.8 billion during the year. Within the context of this challenging economic environment, our stock price declined dramatically in 2008, reflecting the impact of a recessionary market on our commercial manufacturing businesses and investor concern about our significant exposure to the credit markets through TFC. Addressing challenges head-on Navigating this unprecedented turmoil, we have taken decisive action to address the new global economic reality with swiftness and intensity, bringing to bear the resources of the enterprise, the strength of our diverse business base and our commitment to take a hard line in streamlining operations. Our approach is squarely focused on two important goals: maximize cash flow and operating performance in our manufacturing businesses and aggressively convert our finance receivables to cash. To attack the first goal, we're reducing capital spending and overall working capital. Aligning with expected lower commercial demand, we have dramatically reduced our production plans at Cessna and Industrial and, to a lesser extent, in Bell's commercial business. We are scrutinizing all discretionary spending, focusing on those critical activities that will support our customers now and contribute to future competitiveness and revenue growth when markets recover. We've also introduced an enterprise-wide productivity improvement plan, building on our existing Textron Six Sigma and Lean manufacturing methodologies to optimize our performance through this down cycle.

Lewis B. Campbell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

1

Moving to the second goal, we plan to exit the majority of our Textron Financial business with the exception of those businesses that provide financing for customers of Textron's manufactured products. Announced in late 2008, this move should significantly improve our long-term liquidity position. Supporting a strong future growth picture While we can't control short-term demand in today's economic environment, we have a strong outlook for our core businesses. We expect that, combined, Cessna, Bell and Textron Systems will generate about 80 percent of our revenues at double-digit margins with strong cash flow in 2009 ­ even in the midst of this challenging economy. In addition, our defense business, which accounted for 24 percent of total revenues in 2008, should continue to drive near- and long-term performance since it is less susceptible to the current economic volatility. And after the world economies recover, this growth will be augmented by expansion at Cessna, as well as in the remainder of our other commercial businesses. As we focus on maximizing cash flow in our operations, we intend to preserve investment in the development of critical products and key talent to support growth when the economy recovers. We know the future depends on providing our customers with the products they need and want. This long-term strategy served us well during the last economic downturn, and we emerged with a strong competitive edge. On the talent development front, I'm pleased to report that Bersin & Associates, a leading research and advisory firm, recognized our efforts in this area, presenting Textron with two

top Learning Leaders awards in 2008 for our Growth Leadership and Operational Material Excellence programs. We know outstanding leadership and talent are crucial to future success, and we remain true to that commitment. Also during 2008, we welcomed an exceptional leader, Scott Donnelly, who joined Textron as executive vice president and chief operating officer. Scott is a 19-year veteran of GE, where he most recently served as president and CEO of GE Aviation as well as a member of the Board of GE Capital. He has moved confidently to begin strengthening the underlying performance of our manufacturing operations, and he brings vast multiindustry expertise to our engineering, Six Sigma, global sourcing, finance and information technology functions. Scott's promotion to president and chief operating officer in January of 2009 is testimony to the positive impact he already is making at our company.

Financial Highlights
(Dollars in millions, except per share data)

2008 $ 14,246 $ 1,479 10.4% $ 344

2007 $ 12,615 $ 1,595 12.6% $ 879

Operating results Revenues Segment profit (1) Segment profit margin Income from continuing operations Net cash provided by operating activities of continuing operations for Manufacturing group Free cash flow (2) ROIC (3) Common share data Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations Dividends per share
Footnotes to this table are on page 10.

$ $

416 (117) 17.7%

$ $

1,154 785 24.8%

$ $

1.38 0.92

$ $

3.45 0.85

W E K N O W O U T S TA N D I N G L E A D E R S H I P A N D TA L E N T A R E CRUCIAL TO FUTURE SUCCESS.

The addition of Scott Donnelly augments Textron's strong leadership team and exemplifies Textron's commitment to top talent.

2

Here's a snapshot of each of our core business segments: Cessna: Sizing for the present while looking to the future Cessna achieved record revenues of $5.7 billion ­ up 13 percent over last year ­ with a record 467 jet deliveries during 2008. Other highlights include initial deliveries of the Citation XLS+, initial flights of the Citation CJ4 and the singleengine SkyCatcher, and the successful integration of the new 350 Corvalis and 400 Corvalis TT single-engine piston aircraft models. Despite these achievements, the plummeting economy is having an especially harsh impact on the business jet industry, including Cessna. As such, we had to dramatically scale back our original production and delivery plan for 2009. Combined with operating initiatives, we expect Cessna to maintain double-digit financial performance in 2009, even while we support crucial new product development projects, such as the Citation CJ4 and Citation Columbus. We're on track to bring the CJ4 to market in 2010 and sustain critical investments in the wide-cabin, long-range Columbus, which we first announced in January of 2008. The Columbus continues to generate excitement among our customers and should provide significant revenue and profit growth at Cessna in the latter half of the next decade. Service remains integral to Cessna's success, and we continue to find ways to add value for customers. We've expanded the mobile service unit program launched in 2007, which allows us to perform maintenance on Cessna aircraft right in our customers' own hangars. We currently have four units in the United

States and expect to increase that number in 2009. With more than 1,000 Citations in Europe, we are exploring ways to introduce the mobile service units there as well. While Cessna is clearly a cyclical business, it remains a premier franchise in an attractive, relatively young industry, with an extremely bright, long-term growth outlook. We expect to see renewed global demand for business jets when the current economic environment recovers, especially in underserved markets such as Europe, Latin America, Asia-Pacific and the Middle East. As the Chinese, Indian and Eastern European economies expand, they also should provide substantial longterm business jet growth opportunities. Bell: Ramping up military deliveries and moving the 429 closer to certification Bell Helicopter revenues rose 10 percent over the prior year to $2.8 billion in 2008, with both military and commercial customers fueling demand. Significant efficiencies from improved Lean manufacturing processes enabled Bell to increase output, quality and operating margins. For example, in 2008 Bell delivered 18 V-22s, up from 14 in 2007, and delivered 12 H-1s, four of which were ahead of schedule. The V-22 proved itself in combat in Iraq for the U.S. Marine Corps and in a U.S. Air Force Special Operations Command exercise in Africa. The world's first production tiltrotor, the V-22 combines a helicopter's vertical performance with a fixed-wing turboprop range, altitude and high speed. Bell plans to deliver 159 V-22 units over the next five years.

AS WE MAXIMIZE CASH FLOW IN OUR O P E R AT I O N S , W E C O N T I N U E T O DEVELOP NEW PRODUCTS CRITICAL FOR OUR FUTURE GROWTH.
The Citation Columbus will be the largest, longest-range, most comfortable, most fuel-efficient Citation in history.

3

The U.S. government approved full-rate production of the utility version of our twin-engine H-1 in 2008, and initial units were deployed in January 2009. We expect to move into full-rate production on the attack model as well following U.S. Marine Corps review in 2010. Overall, we expect significant growth in Bell's military programs over the next several years as we ramp the V-22 and H-1 programs and as we service and reset legacy aircraft that have seen heavy in-theater use. Bell has received more than 300 Letters of Intent to purchase its latest commercial helicopter, the light twin-engine Model 429. We expect certification and subsequent initial deliveries to occur in 2009. While orders for commercial helicopters tempered toward the end of 2008 with tighter credit available to customers, there are many factors that should drive future demand. The industry's need to modernize an aging fleet is one; another is the expanding worldwide need for rotorcraft in areas such as oil and natural gas exploration and production, emergency medical and disaster relief services, and operations in the global war on terror and law enforcement. For example, Bell received a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration contract in 2008 to deliver 25 Model 407s over five years. Complementing its sales effort, Bell services the largest combined fleet of helicopters, numbering over 13,000 units flying in more than 120 countries around the globe. Its aftermarket revenues surpassed $1 billion in 2008, close to 40 percent of Bell's total revenues. Recognition of Bell's customer service expertise is reflected in its 15th straight year capturing top honors in Professional Pilot magazine's annual customer support survey.

Textron Systems: Building the right systems for today's conflicts In 2008, Textron Systems leveraged the prior year's acquisition of AAI Corporation (AAI) and positioned itself as a more strategic player in the defense industry. Reflecting the distinct value proposition and growth potential of Textron Systems and its businesses, we separated it from the Bell segment in 2008. We began operating Textron Systems as its own segment, which includes: AAI, HR Textron, Lycoming Engines, Overwatch Geospatial Systems, Overwatch Tactical Operations, Textron Defense Systems and Textron Marine & Land Systems. As a leading supplier of Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) and ground control stations for the U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps, AAI is an important contributor to Textron Systems' precision engagement strategy. Its Shadow UAS has logged more than 375,000 flight hours, mostly in Iraq and Afghanistan where it has proved invaluable to reconnaissance efforts. The U.S. Department of Defense's emphasis on intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance has led to increased funding for Shadow enhancements and additional Textron-operated Shadow systems being deployed. Textron Marine & Land Systems' Armored Security Vehicle (ASV) continues to protect lives in Iraq and Afghanistan. We currently are delivering nearly 50 vehicles per month to the U.S. Army, with a flawless on-time delivery record through 2008. In addition, we have received our second reset contract within two years. The reset process brings battle-damaged and worn vehicles to a like-new condition while offering the opportunity

BUILDING THE RIGHT SYSTEMS T O P R O T E C T T O D AY ' S M I L I TA R Y B E G I N S W I T H U N D E R S TA N D I N G T O D AY ' S C O N F L I C T S .
Textron Marine & Land Systems' Armored Security Vehicle continues to protect lives in Iraq and Afghanistan.

4

to apply the latest modifications. The U.S. Army also is exploring future uses for the ASV beyond its current role for military police, and allied forces have shown interest as well. Current U.S. government funding levels for both the Shadow and the ASV are expected to carry their production well into 2010. With a new U.S. president and changes in the U.S. Congress, no one can fully predict the long-term direction of defense spending. But we are confident that our platforms and systems are the right ones for the current global security climate, as they are designed to protect soldiers, increase their mobility and advance the gathering of critical intelligence. We continue to keep an eye on the future to ensure we have the most innovative systems and solutions for the defense, homeland security and aerospace communities. In addition, our products are beginning to attract business from foreign military sources. In fact, we expect to generate more than $1 billion in foreign military orders for a variety of products during the year, which is five times what we generated in 2008. This should contribute to growth in 2010 and beyond.

product development. E-Z-GO also received recognition from IndustryWeek magazine in 2008 for operating one of the top 20 plants in North America. The down economy negatively impacted Jacobsen revenues in 2008, and while Greenlee full-year revenues were up, it grappled with a steep global slowdown in commercial construction. As worldwide automotive sales declined, Kautex began reducing its footprint and costs while continuing to focus on critical product development. Of particular note, in 2009, two global auto manufacturers are scheduled to launch car models using Kautex's next generation fuel system technology. Looking ahead 2008 was an unprecedented year in so many ways, culminating in a worldwide financial crisis that will certainly make the history books. But shareholders, employees and other Textron stakeholders can feel confident that we are taking the right steps to optimize our cash flow and earnings through this down cycle even as we lay the foundation for long-term growth. I want to thank Textron's employees and Board of Directors for the dedication they've shown during this tumultuous time. With their talent, focus and determination, I am confident we will emerge from this crisis lean, strong and well-positioned in each of our markets. In turn, it is my hope and expectation that our investors will again recognize the full value and potential of Textron.

Industrial: Posting double-digit revenue gains at E-Z-GO amidst overall slowdown in the industrial segment During 2008, we closed on the sale of Textron Fluid & Power, further aligning our portfolio of businesses to best support Textron's approach to long-term value growth. The deteriorating economic climate in the second half of the year posed challenges across our remaining industrial companies. On the positive side, E-Z-GO enjoyed nearly 14 percent revenue growth in 2008, thanks largely to the popularity of the RXV golf car. The RXV clearly demonstrates the importance of new

Lewis B. Campbell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Left: The E-Z-GO RXV set a new standard in the golf industry for reliability, customer experience and value.

Right: In Iraq and elsewhere, the Bell-Boeing V-22 Osprey has exceeded military pilot expectations for versatility and performance.

OUR BUSINESSES ARE KNOWN FOR I N N O VAT I V E P R O D U C T S T H AT E X C E E D C U S T O M E R E X P E C TAT I O N S .

5

