   To Our Shareholders
Tyler Technologies’ performance in 2009 demonstrated how our business strategy was designed to perform in all economic environments. During a challenging recession year, we made meaningful progress under our long-term plans while growing both revenues and earnings.
At Tyler, we have a unique vantage point due to our singular focus on serving the public sector with a broad product portfolio. From financial management and property taxes to courts and education, we create, deliver and support software solutions that make it easier for local governments and schools
to manage their complex, day-to-day business functions. Tyler knows how to develop and support innovative software solutions for the market. We
also have an insider’s insight to the market, as many of Tyler’s employees worked in the public sector prior to joining our team. With this knowledge and experience—along with focused innovation and an
earnest commitment to our clients—we are positioned better than anyone to anticipate and address the changing technology needs of the public sector.
However, our commitment goes well beyond delivering solutions that work for our public sector clients. It’s about consistently delivering value for employees and shareholders as well. Building on a successful foundation, Tyler continues to provide a solid return for shareholders. We remained committed to our long-term growth strategies
even through a challenging financial climate
and ended 2009 in a position of strength.
In 2009, Tyler was once again recognized for its business performance and leadership, as well as being honored as a top place to work. For the third straight year, Forbes named Tyler Technologies as
one of “America’s 200 Best Small Companies.” In addition, Tyler was recognized as one of the “Best Places to Work in Maine,” as well as one of “The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Places to Work 2009.”
2 Tyler Technologies
   
      John S. Marr, Jr., President and CEO John M. Yeaman, Chairman of the Board
  Making Meaningful Progress
In a difficult economic climate that saw many software companies struggle, Tyler Technologies
was still able to make progress, both financially and strategically. We ended 2009 with 35 consecutive quarters of profitability. Tyler closed the year with total revenue of $290.3 million, up 10 percent from 2008. Gross margins increased 300 basis points to 44.4 percent, and our operating margin reached a new high of 15.4 percent. Earnings per diluted share totaled $0.74, and increased 21 percent over non-GAAP EPS for 2008, even as we continued to invest aggressively in product development and competitive initiatives.
Although Tyler achieved improved financial results
by almost every meaningful measure, our growth
has clearly been affected by the broader economic environment and by pressures on local government budgets. While our significant base of recurring revenues (now comprising approximately half of total revenues) combined with the mission-critical nature of our solutions provides us with a great deal of stability,
we experienced lengthened sales cycles throughout the year. New request for proposal activity continues to support a very healthy sales pipeline. However, the timing of contract signings and revenue recognition is less predictable, as many local governments’ purchasing processes are longer and more complex than in a more favorable economic environment.
Tyler was once again recognized for its business performance and leadership, as well as being honored as a top place to work by our employees.
In 2009, we experienced another year of strong cash flow generation, with total free cash flow of $40 million (excluding capital expenditures for office construction). We rely on this strong free
    Annual Report 2009 3
   
   cash flow to make strategic investments that will further strengthen our position for the future, while enhancing shareholder value. We also repurchased $17 million of our common stock and completed several acquisitions to augment our appraisal and property tax and schools solutions.
Given our consistent growth, significant recurring revenues, healthy cash flow and strong market reputation, Tyler is in an excellent position to build upon its competitive strengths as we move into 2010 and beyond.
Speaking from our many years of experience, Tyler empowers local governments and schools, and consistently delivers a solid return for shareholders. And it is with this experience that we move
into 2010 with confidence in and commitment to our long-term opportunities and strategies.
Building Lasting Success
While many competitors target multiple vertical markets, Tyler has a singular focus—delivering essential software solutions that empower the public sector. And unlike many of our competitors that serve only a narrow niche of the public sector, we offer what we believe is the broadest range of software
and solutions for local governments and schools.
From the courtroom to the classroom, Tyler’s solutions serve as the backbone for core business functions. We devote all of our time, energy and resources to helping local governments and school districts streamline
the many aspects of their financial management, court case, property tax, public safety, citizen services, public records and education systems.
While the timing of public sector investments in technology is clearly affected by the economy, the fact remains that the functions Tyler automates are essential to our clients, and our solutions enable them to operate more efficiently, doing more with less.
Tyler’s success follows a carefully designed business plan that focuses on four key strategies: expanding geographically, broadening our product offerings, securing larger opportunities, and extending our relationships with existing clients. As we look forward to 2010 and beyond, we intend to continue building upon these long-term strategies.
Creating a Stronger Identity
Since the late 1990s, Tyler has shown consistent organic growth at above market rates—augmenting its market strength through targeted acquisitions. While this has afforded us the ability to broaden our product offerings and penetrate new markets, these acquisitions have also posed some challenges.
As expected, each acquired business had its
own identity, strategy and approach to sales and marketing—not to mention its own unique way of interfacing with clients. As these business units and products were integrated into the company, Tyler worked hard to create a unified corporate identity—bringing together strong products with long-standing reputations—under the Tyler name.
In 2009, we launched a wide-scale rebranding effort to further strengthen Tyler’s identity and position
in the public sector—a historically fragmented market. A cohesive identity allows us to build
a stronger competitive advantage for Tyler to capture even more market share and build greater awareness as the leader in public sector software. And through new communication channels and branding efforts, we are also generating a renewed sense of energy and enthusiasm among Tyler employees and clients across all product groups.
    4 Tyler Technologies
   
   Investing in the Future
Throughout 2009, Tyler Technologies again demonstrated that success requires the right combination of many factors—a well-designed strategy, consistent execution, feature-rich and industry-proven products, talented employees and a solid brand identity. Underscoring each of these components is the one fundamental question: how can we empower the people who serve the public?
For us, the simplest answer is to develop, implement, and support software solutions that deliver—again and again. For our clients, this means delivering
the right types of systems to address their many complex needs. For our shareholders, this translates to delivering a solid return on their investment now and over the long term. And for our employees, this means fostering the right work environment—one that encourages them to innovate, create, and achieve success personally and professionally.
At Tyler, we consider research and development an essential investment in our future. And in 2009—at a time when many companies chose, or were forced, to reduce discretionary spending for R&D and cut staff—Tyler aggressively invested in product development and added to our team.
In addition to investing in product updates to enhance functionality and integrate new features and technologies in our existing products, Tyler has devoted substantial resources to the development of new products that we believe will provide meaningful growth opportunities in the future. This includes Microsoft Dynamics AX, a business management solution for the public sector that we are co- developing with Microsoft. During the fourth quarter of 2009, we expanded the scope of our multi-year arrangement with Microsoft, adding payroll, human resources, and budget formulation applications
to the solution. In 2009, we also secured our first “beta” client for Microsoft Dynamics AX—with
a general release slated for early 2011.
Moving Forward
Although 2009 presented a challenging economic climate that we expect to continue in 2010, Tyler Technologies had a solid year in terms of financial performance. Looking to the future, it is our hope that 2010 will be a year of economic recovery for the marketplace, providing Tyler a healthy mix of opportunity and challenge. Given our strong market position and rich history of proven success, we
are confident in our ability to generate reasonable results in difficult times—while continuing to invest in initiatives that we believe will put us
in an even stronger competitive position as the market returns to more normal conditions.
Tyler empowers local governments and schools,
and consistently delivers a solid return for shareholders. And it is with this experience that we move into 2010 with confidence in and commitment to our long-term opportunities and strategies.
John S. Marr, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
 Annual Report 2009 5
   