                                                                                                                                                 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 STOCKHOLDER INFORMATION
In 2014, Tyler Technologies once again achieved Our balance sheet remains extremely healthy, and we record financial results by every meaningful measure. finished the year with cash of $206.2 million and no
Corporate Officers Board of Directors Corporate Headquarters
OuJrorhensuMlt.sYewaemreanexceptional, and we are graJtiofihendM. Yeaman1 debt. We believe that o5u1r0b1alTaencneysohneePtarpkowsaiytions us well Chairman of the Board Chairman of the Board Plano, Texas 75024
to recognize that our enduring strategy continues to to take advantage of future opportunities to drive
John S. Marr Jr.
Tyler Technologies, Inc. 972.713.3700
achieve results and has elevated Tyler to a new level of growth and create shareholder value, including
President and Chief Executive Officer
Donald R. Brattain2,3,4 www.tylertech.com President investments in product development and
leadership in the public sector.
Dustin R. Womble
strategic acquisitions.
Brattain and Associates, LLC Transfer Agent and Registrar Tyler has always focused on the long-term strength
Glenn A. Carter3,4 American Stock Transfer
Executive Vice President
of our company, staying true to our strategy through Outperforming in a S&olTidrusMt aCrokmeptany
Brian K. Miller Retired Chief Executive Officer
chaEnxegcinugtiveecoVnicoemPircesainddenmt arket conditions. By
Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer DataProse, Inc.
59 Maiden Lane
continually strengthening our offerings through ongoing 2,3
Plaza Level
H. Lynn Moore Jr. Brenda A. Cline
investments in product development, we’ve earned our
Vice President
WhCilheiesfoAftcwcoaurentliincgenOsfefiscearnd royalty revenues showed
very healthy growth of 20.1 percent, subscriptions
Terri L. Alford Controller
continued to be our fastest-growing revenue stream, rising 42.0 percent to $87.8 million. These revenues
Our success in the court case management software
Division Leadership
We submitted an unqualified Annual CEO Certification to the New York Stock
include $32.1 million in transaction-based revenues
market in California continued in 2014 as we signed
Andrew D. Teed
Exchange (NYSE) as required by the NYSE Listed Company rules. We also filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission the Chief Executive Officer
from e-filing and online payments, as well as
President
$5A5p.7pramisilalilo&n Tfaroxmancdloud-based software as a
Following the challenges of a recession and slow
recovery since mid-201N2e,wmYaorrke,tNaecwtivYiotryki1n0t0h3e8public Executive Vice President 800.937.5449
Executive Vice President
competitive advantage through hard work. AnKdimnboewll,AwrteFoundation 718.236.2641 fax
General Counsel and Secretary
c a n s a y w i t h c o n fi d e n c e t h a t T y l e r i s t h e c l e aJ .r Ll eu at hd e e r r Ki ni n g J r .
sector has returned to pre-recession levels. Our
2,4 marketplace is solid — and Tyler Technologies has
Matthew B. Bieri
www.amstock.com
our key product areas.
Chief Executive Officer
Luther King Capital Management
Vice President
Chief Information Officer
economic momentum. Independent Registered Public
FinSanmcainatlhaHBig.hClriogshbtys Vice President
John S. Marr Jr.1 Accounting Firm
Each of our business units exceeded its plan for
The fourth quarter of 2014 marked our 16th consecutive
Chief Marketing Officer group posted double-digit revenue growth. Of these, the
quarter of year-over-year revenue growth — aDluosntgin R. Womble1
Robert J. Sansone
Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Tuesday, May 12, 2015
witVhicoeuPrr1e3sitdhenstraight quarter of double-digit revenue
Human Resources
product line in 2014, fueled in part by our e-filing
growth. Revenues for the year were $493.1 million,
9:30 a.m. CDT
W. Michael Smith
agreement with the state of Texas. The eFileTexas.govTM
up 18.4 percent over 2013.
1 Executive Committee 2 Audit Committee
Plano Marriott at Legacy Town Center system began operation7s12in1lBatiseh2op01R3oaadnd ramped up
been in a competitive position to outpace renewed
President and Chief Executive Officer Ernst & Young LLP
operating profits in 2014, and each major product
Tyler Technologies, Inc. Dallas, Texas
Executive Vice PresidCeonutrts & Justice Division managed the fastest-growing
Tyler Technologies, Inc.
3
4 Nominating and Governance Committee Plano, Texas 75024
Compensation Committeethroughout 2014 with $17 million in revenues, up
from $3.8 million in 2013.
Certifications
 ERP & School Divisions
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
service (SaaS) arrangements.
and Chief Financial Officer certifications required under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Investor Information
Our annual report on Form 10-K is available on the company’s website at www.tylertech.com.
A copy of the Form 10-K or other information may also be obtained
by contacting the Investor Relations Department at corporate headquarters.
 Bruce Graham
Both bookings and year-end backlog reached new
President
higChosuirnts2&01Ju4s.tiIcnefDaicvti,siwone recorded our highest
quCarhtreisrltyopbhoeorkPin. gHsepinbucronmpany history during the Senior Vice President
second quarter as court case management software
ERP & School Division
contracts in California helped drive a 63 percent
Brett Cate
increase year over year.
President
Local Government Division
Tyler consistently outperformed expectations in 2014, ending the year with GAAP net income of $58.9 million, or $1.66 per diluted share, up 50.7 percent from 2013. Non-GAAP net income for the year rose 41.5 percent to $74.0 million, or $2.09 per diluted share. Cash flow was very strong, as cash flow from operations for the year increased 86.8 percent to $123.4 million. We used a portion of our cash flow to repurchase 294,000 shares of common stock during 2014.
Design by Eisenberg And Associates
(Left to right)
 Brenda A. Cline
s
I
,
D
u
s
ti
. Luther King Jr.,
n
v
e
s
t
o
r
R
n
R
972.713.3714
.
W
John M. Yeaman, Donald R. Brattain, John S. Marr Jr.,
Glenn A. Carter
info@tylertech.com
Common Stock
Listed on the New York Stock Exchange
under the symbol “TYL”
Tyler Technologies 2014 Annual Report
e
l
o
m
b
l
e
,J
at
i
o
n
1

contracts with courts in 16 counties, and have now been selected by 25 out of 28 California courts over the past two years.
Tyler’s achievements extended well beyond our courts and justice products. Win rates for other products, including our Munis® and Incode® ERP solutions; EnerGovTM planning, regulatory and maintenance solution; and Versatrans® school transportation solution, climbed to new highs in 2014.
A number of factors are contributing to Tyler’s strong competitive position. Our exclusive focus on the public sector is reflected in the features and functionality that our clients select. Our financial strength allows
us to consistently invest in product development, and all of our clients benefit from that innovation through our evergreen approach to upgrades. Tyler also has
an unparalleled record of executing at a high level on complex implementations, with a team of professionals who possess deep domain expertise in the business of local government. Both current and prospective clients value these attributes, as they expect our relationships with them to last for decades.
Strategic Investments
In August, we completed the acquisition of SoftCode, Inc., whose sophisticated civil process automation solutions primarily serve county sheriffs’ departments. The acquisition broadens our portfolio of courts and
DIVISION LEADERSHIP
(Left to right)
Andrew D. Teed, Brett Cate,
Christopher P. Hepburn,
Bruce Graham
justice solutions, providing robust functionality that complements our Odyssey® suite of products. With SoftCode’s founding partners, management team and staff now a part of our Courts & Justice Division, we expect to significantly expand the product’s reach.
After the end of the year, in January 2015, we also acquired a 20 percent equity stake in Record Holdings, an Australian company specializing in digitizing the spoken word in courts throughout the world. Our
$15 million convertible preferred stock investment will help Record Holdings expand its presence in North American courts. We also look forward to building on the international relationships already established by Record Holdings to make our Odyssey court case management solution more readily available beyond the U.S. market. These developments are excellent examples of our opportunistic acquisition strategy. We are constantly seeking strategic acquisition opportunities to broaden our product and service offerings or expand our client base. We are patient and disciplined in our approach
to acquisitions as we seek the right combinations of strategic fit and valuation, and we believe Tyler is
very well positioned to successfully take advantage
of attractive acquisition opportunities in the future.
Meeting the Challenges of Growth
Along with strong bookings and backlog growth comes the challenge of ramping up our implementation capacity, a formidable task that has required
  TOTAL REVENUES
in millions
BACKLOG
in millions
                                2
Tyler Technologies 2014 Annual Report
’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14
’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’14
$281.4 $339.8
$288.6 $309.4
$363.3 $416.6
$380.6
$551.7
$493.1
$702.0

considerable planning and significant staffing increases. Tyler began the year with 2,573 employees, and by year’s end we’d grown our employee base to 2,856. With a meaningful number of employees who are relatively new to Tyler, we take care to build our professional services teams around a strong core of experienced subject matter experts, with seasoned veterans leading our projects. As we have expanded our team to meet growing demands, Tyler has experienced some margin pressure as we absorb personnel costs during the onboarding period before new employees begin generating revenues.
To attract and retain the best and brightest employees, Tyler continues to focus on maintaining our reputation as an employer of choice. The Dallas Morning News named Tyler as No. 10 on its list of the Top 100 Places to Work in the Dallas/Fort Worth area, and we appeared in the top 10 in the Best Places to Work in Maine program managed by Best Companies Group. In addition, we were named to the Forbes list of America’s Best Small Companies for the eighth time. We take pride in these honors because they reflect our commitment to both employee and client satisfaction. We go to great lengths to ensure employees are informed and engaged —
and as we’ve grown, so have our career development opportunities. Every employee has an important role in our success, and we’re committed to doing our part to continue providing a positive work environment.
CORPORATE OFFICERS
An Enduring Strategy
While a healthy market certainly contributed to our exceptional results in 2014, Tyler’s strategy and execution deserve the majority of credit for our performance. Our competitors don’t appear to be enjoying the same degree of success as Tyler. Many companies that reduced investments in research and development during the recession are lagging behind in terms of their competitive positions. Some have even exited the market altogether. Conversely, Tyler continued to invest in our business at a high level when market conditions were challenging. As a result, our competitive position is better than ever, and win rates have increased across the board — a trend we expect to continue.
To every shareholder, employee and client of Tyler Technologies, we thank you for your support.
John S. Marr Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer March 27, 2015
    (Left to right)
Robert J. Sansone, Samantha B. Crosby, Matthew B. Bieri,
Dustin R. Womble, John M. Yeaman, John S. Marr Jr., Brian K. Miller, H. Lynn Moore Jr., Terri L. Alford, W. Michael Smith
For more information about our leadership team, please refer to inside back cover.
Tyler Technologies 2014 Annual Report
3
