  to our
shareholders
As general market conditions improved and budget pressures eased for many local governments, Tyler Technologies achieved double-digit growth for both revenues and backlog in 2012. Revenues rose more than 17 percent over 2011, while backlog grew by 12 percent — and our new-business pipeline remains at near-historic highs.
Total 2012 revenue reached $363.3 million. Net income was $33 million, or $1.00 per diluted share. Non-GAAP earnings per share, excluding share-based compensation expense and amortization of acquisition intangibles, was $1.29. New highs for the year included a gross margin of 46.2 percent, an operating profit margin of 15.6 percent and a non-GAAP operating margin of just under 20 percent. Free cash flow reached an all-time high of
$53.9 million, excluding capital expenditures associated with real estate.
With many key metrics on the rise, it’s important to note two fundamental shifts that are causing revenues to grow more slowly when considering traditional indicators such as license revenues. First, many of today’s new contracts are larger and more complex than in prior years, with terms that sometimes result in revenue recognition over a longer period of time. Second, a growing portion of our business is subscription-based, which translates into lower revenues in the first year than traditional perpetual license arrangements, but generates greater returns over the life of the contract.
Total recurring revenue from maintenance and subscriptions grew 22 percent to
$216.5 million, comprising almost 60 percent of total revenue. Subscription revenues, including our software as a service (SaaS) solutions, as well as transaction-based revenues from electronic filing and online payments, grew 39.8 percent organically and 3.4 percent from acquisitions during 2012, representing $44.6 million, or 12 percent of total revenue. Growth in subscription revenues is due to an increasing number of new clients, as well
as a steady flow of conversions of existing on-premise clients to our hosted solutions.
Strategic Acquisitions
Tyler completed several acquisitions in 2012, which boosted revenue growth by an additional 6.3 percent over our organic growth rate of 11.1 percent. Two of these acquisitions were related to Tyler’s 2011 purchase of Windsor Management, a provider of Infinite Visions® financial and human resources management solutions for the K-12 schools market. In March and April 2012, we added two longtime Infinite Visions resellers to our organization — Computer Software Associates of Billings, Montana, and UniFund, L.L.C., of Nashua, New Hampshire. These acquisitions further expanded our geographic footprint while bringing the revenue chain full circle for the Infinite Visions product suite.
2012 Annual Report 1
  Organic growth and acquisitions each contributed to a 22 percent increase in recurring revenues from maintenance and subscriptions in 2012.
  
 Tyler Technologies has the resources and agility to adapt to market changes while staying true to
our long-term strategies.
  2 Tyler Technologies
  We expanded our product offering with the November addition of EnerGov Solutions, a provider of enterprise permitting, land management, licensing and regulatory software solutions. With this acquisition, Tyler gained valuable capabilities geared toward the unique licensing and regulatory requirements of large, complex municipal assets. We expect this robust solution to strengthen our enterprise resource planning (ERP) offerings. EnerGov will continue to be offered as a stand-alone product, as well as an integrated component of our ERP systems. This acquisition added approximately 70 employees to our organization.
Tyler also finalized the acquisition of longtime partner Akanda Innovation, Inc., whose software is integrated into our iasWorld® appraisal and tax solution. Akanda’s team now provides its expertise in geographic information systems and other disciplines as part of our organization.
Earning Our Reputation
First and foremost, Tyler is committed to empowering people who serve the public. As we grow our business and expand our services, we’re less concerned with industry accolades than with client, employee and shareholder satisfaction. That said, we do value the opinions of respected thought leaders who have recognized Tyler for our performance.
For five of the last six years, Tyler has appeared on the Forbes list of the Best Small Companies in America. We ranked 36 on the 2012 list — 40 spots higher than the previous year. We believe our consistent appearance on the Forbes list speaks to our proven ability to create long-term value.
In addition, for the fifth consecutive year, Tyler appeared in the Software 500 ranking, published by Software Magazine. The Software 500 is based on revenue from software licenses, maintenance and support, training, and software-related services and consulting. Tyler ranked 179 based on 2011 revenues.
Breaking Ground
In July, we broke ground on our new 142,000-square-foot corporate and division headquarters in Plano, Texas. The 26-acre campus will enable us to consolidate all staff from our growing Courts & Justice division, as well as our Dallas corporate headquarters, and provide space for anticipated long-term growth. With the completion of the Plano facility in August 2013, all of Tyler’s division headquarters will have moved to new facilities within the past three years.
We believe that the investments we have made in these facilities are important to our strategic growth plans, providing us with appropriate work environments that enable us to attract
and retain talented professionals in a competitive market. In addition, these investments underscore our commitment to the communities in which our operations are located, and enhance Tyler’s position as an employer of choice in those regions.
 
  2012 Annual Report 3
  Steady Navigation
Tyler’s solid performance in 2012 is the result of an enduring commitment to our core growth strategies: expanding our geographic reach, broadening our product offerings, winning large-scale contracts and extending our relationships with existing clients. Tyler is committed to staying the course with our strategy — and we are equally committed to acting swiftly
and deliberately to adjust when challenges or opportunities arise. We are excited about the opportunities ahead of us and are confident in our ability to continue to evolve our business with positive results for all of our constituents.
To our valued shareholders, employees and clients, we extend our thanks for your confidence in Tyler.
John S. Marr Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer March 20, 2013
Free Cash Flow(a)
in millions
           (a) excludes capital expenditures associated with real estate
Backlog
in millions
           (left) John M. Yeaman Chairman of the Board
(right) John S. Marr Jr. President and CEO
 2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
$249.8 2008 $233.1 2009 $281.4 2010 $339.8 2011 $380.6 2012
$42.3 $40.0
$31.7
$50.8 $53.9
