To Our Shareholders
 The year 2000 presented many challenges for Tyler Technologies. We responded to those challenges by making decisions to sharpen our focus and direct our energy and capital toward building on our position as a leading national provider of software and information management services to local governments. We sold most of our information and property records services segment for $85 million in cash and exited that business, which represented just over 30% of our revenues.
The divestiture of the information and property records services business, which was not expected to grow as rapidly as our software and services business, will have a major positive impact on Tyler’s current and future strategic initiatives. After considering the significant reductions in interest and corporate expense that will be realized as a result of these sales, we expect the effects of the divestiture of the information and property services business will be accretive to earnings in 2001. The proceeds from the sales of these businesses were sufficient to repay our entire senior bank debt and will allow us to accelerate plans to pursue the tremendous growth opportunities that exist in the local government software and services market. Adding to a greatly strengthened capital structure following the divestiture, we amended our bank credit facility to provide for a $15 million revolving line of credit.
We now have a solid balance sheet and the available capital to move forward confidently with our growth plans.
During 2000, we invested in product development centered on browser-based, n-tier architecture technologies. Our capital spending for software development was nearly $7 million in 2000. Our capital spending plan for 2001, which will be funded by cash flow from operations, includes nearly $8 million for software development. We have successfully completed the development of the core technology framework for the next generation of our products and will begin later in 2001 to release new applications that will set new standards for the industry. The framework for the new generation of Tyler products is built upon a
foundation of proven Microsoft technologies developed for the Internet. This new generation of Tyler products offers significant opportunities for sales to both new and existing customers.
   0
 1
    
 We are pleased that we were able to pursue this aggressive product development program, despite operating results for 2000 that were adversely affected by a post-Y2K slowdown in software sales experienced throughout our industry as customers deferred new purchasing decisions following their Y2K-related efforts in 1999. Revenues from continuing operations were $93.2 million in 2000, up 31% from $71.4 million in 1999. However, on a proforma basis, as if all acquisitions and divestitures had occurred at the beginning of 1999, revenues for 2000 declined 13% from $107.4 million in 1999. We had an operating loss of $5.4 million in 2000, compared to operating income of $19,000 in 1999. After interest expense and income taxes, our loss from continuing operations in 2000 was $7.5 million, or $0.17 per diluted share, compared to a loss from continuing operations of $2.0 million, or $0.05 per diluted share, in 1999.
EBITDA, or earnings from continuing operations before interest expense, costs of certain acquisition opportunities, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, was $4.3 million, or $0.09 per diluted share, in 2000, compared to $8.0 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, in 1999. Proforma EBITDA declined 68% from $13.1 million in 1999.
We believe that the 2000 results were an aberration and are not indicative of the core strengths of our business. Our business units grew at an annual average rate of over 30% in 1998 and 1999. Our target is to achieve a growth rate in excess of 20% annually, with strong cash flow and a return to profitability. We’ve also set exceptional goals over and above the 20% growth target – the kind of goals that great companies reach and that generate exceptional shareholder value. Anticipating strong increases in new software license fees and experiencing indications of increased demand for new systems following last year’s post-Y2K slowdown, we look forward to steadily improving operating results in the year ahead. Our backlog at December 31, 2000 was nearly $100 million, the highest year-end level in the Company’s history for our software and services business. With a solid financial foundation in place, growing demand for our products and services, and the introduction of a new generation of Web-enabled e-government solutions on the horizon, we are excited about the opportunities for growth in 2001 and beyond.
Tyler Technologies is now extremely well positioned to execute our growth plans. We offer the industry’s broadest array of software products and related professional services specifically designed to meet the rapidly growing information needs of cities, counties, schools and other local government offices nationwide. Serving nearly 6,000 customers in 49 states, Canada and Puerto Rico, Tyler is the largest company focused solely on this market.
Our vision for Tyler Technologies is to be a great company. As the needs of local governments evolve, we will utilize the latest technology combined with our deep domain expertise to achieve our vision and goals. We thank our shareholders and employees for their continued support as we set the standard for local government technology solutions.
Louis A. Waters Chairman
John M. Yeaman President
  0
 2
   