   LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 John M. Yeaman Louis A. Waters
   The year 2001 was a pivotal year for Tyler Technologies. It was a year of accomplishment, as we worked to reach critical goals that we had set for ourselves. In the midst of a difficult economic environment, we met or exceeded those goals and completed our transition into a position of strength. The future we have planned and worked toward is here.
Our goals were ambitious. On the heels of a year characterized by post-Y2K industry slowdowns and disappointing results, we targeted revenue growth of more than 20 percent in 2001. We aimed for quarter-by-quarter improvement in our EBITDA. We wanted to generate free cash flow for the year. And we said that we would attain profitability. These were high expectations from
where we stood a year ago.
We are pleased to report that we not only met these specific goals, but also strengthened the company in many ways during 2001.
• Revenues increased 26 percent to $117.9 million for the year—all from internal growth.
• We achieved profitability. Ending the year with three consecutive profitable quarters, we reported pretax income from continuing operations of $1.8 million for 2001, compared with a pretax loss of $10.3 million in 2000.
• EBITDA increased with each quarter in 2001. EBITDA totaled $13.0 million for the year, or 27 cents per share, more than triple the EBITDA of $4.3 million, or 9 cents per share recorded in 2000.
• We generated free cash flow after capital expenditures.
• SG&A expense was reduced from 35 percent of revenues in 2000 to 26 percent of our 2001 revenues.
• Tyler repaid all its bank debt in 2001. Recently we entered into an agreement for a new $10 million bank revolving credit facility for working capital needs, although we do not anticipate borrowing against this credit line. We have a comfortable cash position and expect our cash flow from operations to be significantly greater than our planned capital expenditures.
Our revenue growth is the result of gains in each of our three major revenue categories during 2001. Software license revenues increased in every quarter. Revenue from professional services grew by more than 41 percent. Growth in recurring revenues was strong, with a 23 percent increase in maintenance and support revenues compared to 2000. At the end of 2001, our backlog of signed contracts and deferred revenue balance—both indicators of future revenues—remained strong. The total backlog of signed contracts was $96.3 million at year-end, and we expect nearly 80 percent of that to be realized as revenue within 2002.
2

  The result is a stronger company, an improved balance sheet and a growing cash position that paves the way for a promising future.
That brings us to one of the most important accomplishments of 2001. We believe that in the year 2001 we achieved a level of critical mass in our business that will make our future growth increasingly profitable. Over the past few years, we have successfully aligned our infrastructure to provide the kind of leverage that generates increasing profitability. We have assembled a complement of business units that represent the leading providers of products and services for a broad range of IT applications for local government, addressing customer needs in the areas of financials, justice and courts, property tax and appraisal, and recording systems. The company has a large and growing customer base, with nearly 6,000 local government installations across the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico. In place are the administrative and support systems, coupled with the staff and management, to serve an expanding customer base. At the heart of the company is the financial foundation to fund continuing capital expenditure and development goals, with a nearly debt-free balance sheet and sustained cash flow prospects. Put simply, we have reached the point of critical mass—in our financial position, our customer base, our products and services and our operating infrastructure—where the rate of future revenue growth can significantly outstrip the corresponding increase in our basic costs and expenses. As we grow, adding new customers and migrating existing customers to new technology, we believe this new operating and financial leverage will have a tremendous impact on the bottom line.
Building on this foundation, we are looking forward to continued improvement in our results in 2002. We anticipate solid revenue growth that reflects our strong market position and our ability to continue to gain market share. Because of the tremendous leverage in our business model, we expect that future growth will be increasingly profitable, with EBITDA and earnings per share growing at a substantially greater rate than revenues.
Our performance in 2001 demonstrates that our plan is working and that our company has the ability to execute its strategies. The successful achievement of our goals can be attributed to several key factors. One is the ever-increasing demand for technology in the local government market, creating a robust and ready market for the expertise we offer. Tyler is meeting that market squarely, with the most extensive offering of products and services in the industry. We also have an exceptionally loyal base of customers who give us high marks for our products and services and work with us to build long-lasting relationships. Most significantly, we have a hard-working team of 1,200 employees whose expertise in the information technology industry is matched in full measure by their drive and dedication to building a great company.
Most cer tainly, the future we have envisioned is here at Tyler Technologies. We appreciate the confidence of our shareholders, customers and employees as we work together to make it a future of continuing achievement and increasing value.
Louis A. Waters Chairman
John M.Yeaman President
  3
  