 to our shareholders
Business performance is measured in many ways. And by virtually every financial indicator, I’m
pleased to report that 2011 was the strongest year yet for Tyler Technologies.
Total revenue reached $309.4 million — a 7.2 percent increase over 2010 and a new high for Tyler. Recurring revenues drove our growth as we continued to expand our maintenance base, and our software as a service (SaaS) model continued to gain popularity, attracting new clients and prompting many existing clients to make the switch from traditional on-premise installations. Bookings showed strong growth in the second half of the year, pushing backlog to a record high of $339.8 million. Cash flow grew as well, reaching our highest-ever level of $44.2 million ($50.8 million before real estate expenditures).
Tyler’s earnings also grew in 2011, and we posted our 43rd consecutive profitable quarter
in December. For the year, diluted earnings per share rose 17 percent to $0.83. We created significant shareholder value with the repurchase of approximately 3 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $23.90 per share. Our return on average equity for the year was 29.8 percent, compared to 20.8 percent in 2010.
In October, we completed our largest acquisition since 1999 — the $23.8 million purchase
of Windsor Management Group, which provides financial and human capital management solutions to the K–12 education market. With 800 school district clients in 31 states, this acquisition significantly broadens Tyler’s geographic reach in K–12 schools, especially in Western states including Arizona, New Mexico and Colorado, where we did not have a sizable presence in the education market. Through Windsor’s flagship product, Infinite Visions®, Tyler also gains meaningful recurring revenues.
Milestones and Accolades
2011 marked the company’s 45th year in business — and in October, our executive leadership team rang the New York Stock Exchange Closing Bell to mark the occasion. We believe Tyler’s staying power is a testament to our ability to adapt to the changing needs of the public sector without sacrificing the fundamentals of our business — providing superior service to our clients, being a good steward of each client’s investment in our products, delivering value to shareholders, maintaining a fiscally disciplined business, and investing in the future of our company, as well as that of our clients and employees.
Our company’s 45th anniversary was only one of several milestones we reached in 2011. Once again, Tyler was included on the Forbes list of America’s Best Small Companies. We’ve made the list in four of the last five years and currently rank 76th. Criteria included companies with revenues from $5 million to $1 billion, a share price no lower than $5, a healthy return on equity, sustained sales and earnings growth, and solid stock performance in comparison
to industry peers.
Tyler posted record revenues, earnings and free cash flow
in 2011, driven largely by strength
in our recurring revenues. This marks 11 consecutive
years of profitability for the company.
Tyler Technologies 2011 Annual Report 1
  
 Tyler Technologies 2011 Annual Report 2
With the release of Microsoft Dynamics® AX 2012 with public sector functionality, Tyler opens up
a new stream of incremental revenue while improving our competitive advantage as we pursue a broader range of enterprise resource planning (ERP) system opportunities.
In addition, Tyler was included in the 2011 Software 500 ranking, published by Software Magazine. This is our fourth consecutive year on the list. Tyler ranked 155th, measured by 2010 software and services revenue. We’re pleased to be included on these prestigious lists because they reinforce the value that our singular focus on the public sector brings to our company, clients and shareholders. By delivering perpetual upgrades and integrated solutions specifically designed for local governments and schools, Tyler continues to earn client loyalty and strengthen our position as a market leader and valued partner for the public sector.
Rolling Out a New Solution with Microsoft
After more than four years of joint development, Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 with public sector functionality was released in August.
The city of Redmond, Washington, was our pilot client, going live in July as an early adopter of Dynamics AX 2012, along with Tyler’s payroll and cashiering systems. This implementation represents a successful collaboration not only with Tyler and Microsoft, but also with end users in Microsoft’s home city of Redmond. These local government employees provided valuable feedback through Microsoft’s Technology Adoption Program.
As a Microsoft partner, Tyler now sells Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 along with our other financial solutions. We believe the product gives us an alternative offering that will strengthen our competitive position in certain opportunities and ultimately enable us to increase our market share. Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 also opens up a new stream of revenue for Tyler with royalties on public sector sales by other Microsoft partners. The product will also be sold by other Microsoft partners around the world, including those in markets where Tyler doesn’t currently compete, such as the federal government and international markets. Tyler receives royalties on both the license fee and the maintenance stream from all public sector sales of Microsoft Dynamics worldwide. While we are pleased with the progress of the Dynamics AX 2012 project, it’s still very early in the sales cycle, and we don’t expect to see meaningful contributions before 2013.
Navigating the Economy
Despite difficult economic conditions and a challenging new business environment in the last two years, we’ve stayed true to our business strategy.
Perhaps more important than the growth in our revenues and earnings was maintaining our aggressive level of development spending in 2011, which has shown a meaningful return in terms of our strong competitive position and improved win rates against key competitors. In addition, we have a strong balance sheet and an expanding base of recurring revenues generating reliable cash flow.
  
  Tyler Technologies 2011 Annual Report 3
 At Tyler, our deep domain expertise is a vital part of our value proposition. Despite the lower level
of new business activity in the marketplace in the last two years, we maintained a relatively stable headcount. Although lower professional services staff utilization put pressure on margins, retaining highly experienced staff and continuing to invest in product development at a high level means that we’re well positioned to support our growing backlog.
While the public sector software market is still far from robust, the market showed signs in the second half of 2011 that it is beginning to strengthen. We are confident that Tyler’s strong competitive position will enable us to continue to gain market share as the economic environment returns to
more normal conditions.
To all of our shareholders, employees and clients, thank you for your confidence in Tyler. Together, we are empowering people who serve the public — each and every day.
John S. Marr Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
(left) John S. Marr Jr. President and CEO
(right) John M. Yeaman Chairman of the Board
 