Dear Shareholders:
Few years in the history of Universal Forest Products have been as challenging or tumultuous
as 2007. After more than 10 years of increasing homeownership, the U.S. housing market
crashed. Fueled by an excessive supply of new homes, fallout from loose credit practices and
declining home values, the downturn was swift and severe. Making matters worse for those
of us in the homebuilding supply chain was an exceedingly weak lumber market, which had
an additional negative impact on revenues.
While 2007 was difficult for our company and people, its challenges stirred the resolve that
fueled our success in previous downturns, enabling us to grow sales in three of four business
markets, end the year with a profit (modest as it was) and maintain a strong balance sheet.
We didn’t escape the brunt of the housing blow, but aggressive actions and a diverse
business model helped us avert the disaster that
hit many others and maintain strength as
we focus on the opportunities we see for Universal down the road. Following is a glance at
our 2007 results and our outlook:
In
do-it-yourself/retail (DIY),
we grew sales in 2007 to $991 million, up 3.0% over 2006.
Much of the growth was due to acquisitions and to market share gains with big box retail
customers. Sales and profits were hard-earned as other suppliers struggled for survival,
putting pressure on prices. For 2008, we expect the market to be soft; but long term, we
have many reasons for optimism:
•
As long as people own homes, DIY will re
main a great market. And we intend to
remain one of its leading suppliers.
•
Our ProWood® Micro is treated with the only wood preservative in the world
recognized as an Environmentally Preferred Product. What’s more, a growing number
of customers prefer its clear look (it doesn’t have the pronounced green tint
associated with most treated wood products).
In early 2007, we purchased Aljoma Lumber
, which has the only major treating plant
in Southern Florida, putting us in a solid position when that market returns to
strength. Aljoma also is creating opportunity for export sales to the Bahamas and
Caribbean and we’ll soon open a distribution center in Puerto Rico to handle
business in the Caribbean market.
•
Our wood composite business remains strong
and we expect to continue to grow it.
Our brands are consistently recognized for their superior properties. And we’ve
overcome the waste problems that plague so many other manufacturers, thanks to
our vastly superior systems and processes,
and to well-developed secondary markets
for recycled material.
•
Our portfolio of outdoor living products is second to none with offerings for the
spectrum of budgets and tastes.
In 2007, we grew
industrial
sales to $588 million, an increase of nearly 7% over 2006. We
continue to devote more resources to th
is market, given its vast opportunity.
•
We’re growing this business bo
th organically and through acquisition. In early 2008,
we added International Wood
Industries, Inc. to the Universal family. IWI is a
$40 million manufacturer of shipping co
ntainers to move produce and household
goods, and of crating and packaging products
for a variety of industries. Its Hawaii
and Alaska operations open new territory to Universal, including the Far East.
•
Given synergies with our material resources and manufacturing operations, and the
highly fragmented nature of this massive market, we’re capitalizing on our
competitive advantages to grow this business.
•
In mid-2007, we added concrete forming prod
ucts as a focused initiative within our
industrial business and, through it, brought in $25 million in new business for the
year. We expect to continue to grow
that business in 2008 and beyond.
Our
manufactured housing
sales in 2007 were $390 million, up more than 2% over 2006
despite an estimated 18% drop in annual
shipments of HUD-code homes and a similar
decline in modular shipments for the year. Alth
ough this market remains weak, we’re in a
strong position given our commanding market share.
•
Builders rely on our products to create better, more customized homes for
homebuyers. And they rely on us to help them drive costs out of their operations and
enhance their profitability. We work with
customers in factories and on job sites to
help ensure they’re as good as they can be, and that we remain a strong, preferred
supplier.
•
We’re focused on maintaining our market share in 2008. Long term, we anticipate
growth in this market as lending and credit
conditions become more favorable and as
consumers look for more afford
able housing alternatives.
Our
site-built construction
sales in 2007 were $592 million, down 27% from 2006 due to
a 29% decline in single-family housing starts for the year as well as the impact of a soft
lumber market and intense pricing pressure. We look for the housing market to begin a
recovery in 2009, and we anticipate that the pace of growth will be more modest—and
sustainable—moving forward. We remain focused on:
•
Getting balance in this market by growing our business in multi-family and light
commercial construction.
•
Remaining a strong supplier to existing customers so that we can grow with them
when their business returns.
•
Growing our framing operations as builders increasingly look for turnkey solutions.
In 2007, we focused on right-sizing our orga
nization to current bu
siness opportunities and
embarking on strategies that align with our outlook. Sometimes, that meant closing facilities;
other times, it meant expanding capacity. We asked vendors and employees to go the extra
mile with us, and they responded with an overwhelming spirit of collaboration and support.
Our focus on eradicating waste and enhancing efficiencies is paying off with cost reductions
at a time when every bit of margin helps. Today, we’re hard at work creating a company
that’s lean, strong, and positioned for powerful growth when our markets return.
We’re proud of our company and confident we’re poised to be a stronger, bolder, more
successful Universal than ever before as our
markets return to strength. We thank you
for your trust and your investment in Universal.
We’re hard at work making sure we continue
to earn both.
Sincerely,
William G. Currie
Michael B. Glenn
Executive Chairman
President and Chief Executive Officer