Dear Shareholders
In 2005, everything seemed to click: our
markets were strong, our customers
were busy, many of our under-performing
plants turned around, our focus on the
basics paid off, and our people proved
their strength yet again.
We hit internal five-year goals two
years
early with annual sales of $2.69 billion (our
plan was to grow to $2.65 billion by 2007)
and earnings of $67.4 million, gains of
9.7% and 38.6%, respectively.
We are proud of this performance, proud
of the people who turned it in, and proud
to be able to share a year like this with
you. We saw gains in each of our markets:
Do-It-Yourself/retail
sales increased
1.3% in 2005 to $1.0 billion. We chose to
walk away from some commodity business
that didn’t meet our goals and objectives,
and we added new products – and new
opportunity – to our portfolio. Acquisitions
and agreements struck in 2005 provide great
promise for the coming years. And our new
Consumer Products Division is poised to
help us grow our business in this market.
In
site-built construction, we grew
sales by 17.9% to $744.1 million. We saw
strong gains with our large home builders, we
added market share, improved efficiencies,
and enjoyed growth in our framing business
in the Northeast. Nothing magic, nothing
tricky. Just good, steady growth with strong
and reliable customers in a solid industry.
Our
industrial
business continued to
gain sales and momentum. In 2005, we
added 1,000 new customers in the industrial
market alone. We ended the year with another
double-digit increase: sales of $514.4 million
were 13.3% more than 2004. In the industrial
market, there’s opportunity at every turn.
Manufactured housing
reported
sales of $431.4 million, a 13.6% increase
over 2004. We grew our sales to modular
home producers and hold a commanding
share of that market today. We also felt
the impact of orders from the Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)
to house the victims of the 2005 hurricanes.
While it contributed to our business in the
fourth quarter, we would prefer to point to
positive events, like a robust economy, for
our growth.
2005 was a powerful year for Universal,
not because of any one achievement or
market, not because we did a few things
right, and not because of any shining stars.
2005 was a powerful year because of our
strategy, our business model, and our people,
who will drive our performance in 2006
and beyond.
We think we are one of the best companies
in America, but we don’t want you to take
our word for it – we want you to hear it
from our employees themselves. We asked
if some of them would be willing to tell
you what they think of Universal Forest
Products. We were touched by what they
had to say. We hope it gives you an added
perspective on us.
Sincerely,
Peter F. Secchia, Chairman of the Board
William G. Currie, CEO and Vice Chairman