 The Foundation of Our Success
To Our Shareholders:
UGI is a company built for long-term sustainable performance. As we noted last year, we have all the essential ingredients for success: clear strategies for each of our businesses, strengths in the core com- petencies critical in our industry and an organizational structure that enables us to leverage our strengths and meet our goals.
• Public Utilities Fortnightly placed UGI on its list of “40 Best Energy Companies.”
a compounded annual rate of 16.0%, we increased our dividend at a compounded annual rate of 6.1% and compounded annual total return to shareholders was 20.3%.
The foundation of our success, how- ever, is the people who work at UGI. We value people who have passion in their business lives, who are intent on winning and who maintain the highest standards
of integrity. We are fortunate to have so many people at UGI who embody these traits. This annual report is dedicated to them, and for good reason: without them, we would not have the tradition of success that we do.
For several years, we have emphasized the fact that UGI has become a more bal- anced company. We have a balanced mix of businesses distributing and marketing a diverse combination of fuels – natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas and electric- ity. We also have a balanced geographic presence, serving markets across the United States and in portions of west- ern, central and eastern Europe, and our geographic reach balances our exposure to unusual weather and economic condi- tions. Similarly, the markets we serve are diverse – some with higher growth and others with moderate but steady growth. In addition, some of the markets we serve are regulated and others not.
We have designed a diversified busi- ness portfolio to serve as the foundation for consistent and reliable growth. The best-designed plans alone, however, will not assure success. A critical element to achieving success is managing in a disci- plined fashion. Discipline is part of UGI’s DNA and we apply it to the strategic, operational and financial aspects of our businesses. We set and stick with clear strategies. We do our homework before going to market with new ideas, and we sweat the details that determine how well we execute.
We have never lost sight of our com- mitment to treat our employees fairly and with respect. We have also committed to deliver superior long-term value to our shareholders. This commitment is embod- ied in our long-standing financial goals: grow our earnings per share between 6% and 10% annually, and increase our divi- dend 4% annually.
Our experience during fiscal year 2007 is a good illustration of how balance low- ers risk associated with our performance. We faced some tough challenges during the year, yet we still achieved our long- term goals. Fiscal year 2007 was another tumultuous year in the energy industry with volatile and rising energy prices.
We also saw new governmental policies initiated to reduce global warming. At
the same time, our European businesses experienced record-breaking winter warmth.
In 2007, we saw our management discipline bear fruit. Set forth below are several examples of UGI’s disciplined ap- proach to value creation and the way we manage our businesses:
• At the end of our 2006 fiscal year, we
During fiscal year 2007, we once
again achieved our financial goals: our reported earnings per share grew 14.5%, our earnings per share adjusted for unusual one-time items likewise grew 12.0%, and we increased our annual dividend 5.0%. Our fine performance was recognized by several organizations during the year:
• Forbes named UGI to their list of
acquired PG Energy, now known as UGI Penn Natural Gas. We integrated this business into our existing gas utility with great thought and care. We benchmarked best practices from both companies in every critical part of
“America’s Best Big Companies”;
• Barron’s Dow Jones Business and Fi- nancial Weekly ranked UGI among its
Our balance enabled us to overcome the weather-induced significant shortfall in earnings in our European businesses by executing our strategies and capital- izing on opportunities in our domestic businesses. As a result, our financial performance exceeded our goals.
the business. Where UGI was stron- ger, we brought those capabilities to UGI Penn Natural Gas. Where it was stronger, we brought its capabilities to UGI. Where opportunities existed to combine the best of both compa- nies, we did so and created a better and stronger capability than either company could have built on its own. The integration process delivered the benefits we expected.
500 top-performing large companies; • Platts named UGI one of the “Top 250
Our balance also has helped us deliver on our goal to provide you with superior long-term total return on your invest- ment. During fiscal year 2007, total return to shareholders was 9.2%. Over the five-year period ended September
30, 2007, our earnings per share grew at
• For many years, we have adhered to a multi-faceted strategy of growth and operational excellence in AmeriGas. Record results in fiscal year 2007 demonstrated the efficacy of this ap- proach. In contrast to many of its large
Global Energy Companies”;
• J.D. Power and Associates ranked UGI
2
Utilities, Inc. “Highest in Customer Satisfaction with Natural Gas Service in the Eastern U.S., Five Years in a Row”;

 Lon R. Greenberg
John L. Walsh
As we move UGI forward, the founda- tion of our success will rest squarely
on the shoulders of our people and, in particular, our management team. Getting the right people into the right jobs at the right time is a responsibility we take seri- ously. Equally important is the need to anticipate leadership capabilities that will be required in the future and ensuring that people get the coaching and experiences they need to be ready.
competitors, AmeriGas’ sales volume grew during the year. We attribute this growth to, among other things, a con- certed, long-standing effort to change the culture of AmeriGas. The culture now focuses on providing our cus- tomers with responsible pricing and exemplary service and rewarding our employees when they make progress in achieving our strategies.
warmth overwhelmed progress made in those businesses.
cern over the use of fossil fuels remains front and center on governmental and regulatory agendas.
• The energy service businesses con- ducted by UGI Energy Services made significant progress during fiscal year 2007. Our energy commodity market- ing operation’s results improved due to a focus on profitable customer seg- mentation and an unwavering focus on customer credit quality. Similarly, the natural gas peaking supply operation benefited from additional investments we made in peaking facilities in prior years.
We are personally involved in career planning for high potential develop- ment candidates at UGI. We review their assignments and their strengths and weaknesses. We also actively participate in succession planning for every organi- zation at the Company, and we review our succession plans with our Board of Directors annually.
We are taking a proactive approach
to responding to these challenges. For example, we are addressing global warm- ing issues through a number of initia- tives designed to make use of renewable energy and to reduce carbon emissions. Our proactive approach reflects UGI’s long-standing tradition of not only embracing change, but also capitalizing on it. Our ability to do so is a testament to the strength of our foundation – the nearly 10,000 people of UGI. We are as confident as ever that this foundation will remain a pillar of strength for us.
Of course, we employ a similar dis- ciplined approach to all of our business units. At times, however, the improve- ments in performance associated with this discipline can be masked by events beyond our control. This was the case in our international businesses in fiscal year 2007, when record-breaking winter
While our businesses are strong and our future prospects bright, we will un- doubtedly face new challenges in the fu- ture. As we enter fiscal year 2008, energy commodity costs are again on the rise and competitive pressure remains intense. We also face uncertain economic conditions both domestically and internationally. Finally, a heightened environmental con-
We would like to thank our Board of Directors for their guidance and support in moving UGI forward. Board discus- sions about our people, our strategies and businesses are open and substantive. The input and advice we have received from our Board is reflected in the success we have achieved.
From the beginning, we have operated on a simple rule: make the commitments you can keep and keep the commitments you make. We look forward to continuing to deliver on our commitments to you.
  Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John L. Walsh
President and Chief Operating Officer November 27, 2007
3
 