2
ÒOur fine performance last year was recognized by the market, which
as of November 30th 2001, rewarded you with an annual total return of more than 40%.Ó
As you ¥
¥ ¥
¥
¥ ¥
¥
have undoubtedly noticed, your Company had a terrific 2001:
earnings were up 29% to $57.5 million, excluding one-time items;
earnings per share grew 28% from $1.64 to $2.10, excluding one-time items;
our AmeriGas propane business had record earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of $209.3 million;
our natural gas distribution utility had record operating income of $87.8 million;
dividends per share were increased to $1.60, up 3%;
the ratio of dividends to earnings from operations decreased to 76%; and
our return on equity rose to 22.5%.
To Our Shareholders
One of the best indicators of our progress last year Ð and probably the one that matters most to you Ð is total return to shareholders. Our fine performance last year was recognized by the market, which as of November 30th 2001, rewarded you with an annual total return of more than 40%. Common sense precludes me from promising that kind of return every year. Rest assured, however, that we remain resolutely focused on creating additional value for you over the long term.
I stated last year that it was my intention to make UGI Corporation an attractive, long-term growth and income investment. I remain convinced that the best way to do so is to continue to execute our focused strategy and consistently deliver results that exceed expectations.
Our financial results demonstrate our commitment to diligently execute our strategy on a daily basis. Our actions last year also reflect our drive to find new ways to create value for our shareholders. To this end, we acted decisively during the year to enhance our growth prospects through:
¥ the acquisition of the propane operations of Columbia Energy Group from NiSource, Inc.;
¥ the investment of approximately $36.8 million in our utility businesses and $39.2 million in our domestic propane business;

  ÒWhether it was in achieving our financial goals, providing above-average returns to our shareholders or servicing our customers, we delivered.Ó
¥ the acquisition of approximately 20% of Antargaz, one of the largest distributors of liquefied petroleum gas
in France; and
¥ the acquisition of the natural gas marketing business of PG Energy Services.
Our business model is working. Yet, while we celebrated what worked, we also did not hesitate to change what did not. In September, we closed Hearth USATM after evaluating its prospects in light of the weak retail environment.
Two years ago, I promised you that we would not deviate from our announced path and we would achieve the following specific financial objectives:
¥ grow earnings per share between six and ten percent per year;
¥ increase dividends per share three percent annually; and
¥ reduce our dividend payout ratio over time to between 50% and 75%.
Whether it was in achieving these financial goals, providing above-average returns to our shareholders or servicing our customers, we delivered.
Overall, I am pleased with the progress we made in fiscal year 2001. Yet, there is still much to do. We cannot, and will not, become complacent. We continue to aim high and stretch further to fulfill our long-term potential.
UGIÕs employees have risen to the challenges our Company has faced with a sense of pride, resourcefulness and determination. They are translating the words of our strategic plan into action. Our mission is to fuel comfortable, more productive lives. Employees at every level in our Company are energized to meet this ambitious goal. I am grateful to them for their efforts. I am also indebted to our Board of Directors whose support and guidance has been instrumental to our success. Most importantly I thank you, UGIÕs shareholders, who believed in our ability to deliver on our promises.
Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
December 11, 2001
 3
