 To Our Shareholders
UGI Corporation 2014 Annual Report
UGI has long been a company that sets challenging goals and objectives and then focuses on delivering on those commitments to our customers, communities and investors. As we thought about a theme for our 2014 Annual Report, we felt that “Reaching New Heights” captured our progress over the past
12 months. We have scaled new heights in terms of financial performance, as we achieved record levels of net income and earnings per common share. There were many factors that contributed to our strong performance, including the cold weather and very high natural gas demand in the eastern U.S.
as well as a range of new investments that we’ve made over the past few years. These factors, in combination with our focus on unit margin and working capital management, operational and safety excellence, and organic growth enabled us to once again demonstrate the earnings power of our diverse businesses.
Our strong financial performance in fiscal 2014 and noteworthy progress on our strategic investment programs were well received by our shareholders and the broader investment community. UGI’s total return to shareholders during the year was 34.0%. Our average annual total return to shareholders over the past 10 years was 14.0%, compared to 9.5% for the Standard & Poor’s Utilities Index and 8.1% for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. Our shareholders benefited from an increase in our dividend of 15.5%, in excess of an annual targeted increase of 4.0%. Our average annual dividend growth over the past 10 years was 7.6%.
We maintained our focus on our objective of growing in sectors that align with our position as a “distributor and marketer of energy products and services.” The rapid development of natural gas and natural gas liquids in the Marcellus Shale has created a broad range of new investment opportunities for UGI. It has also enabled us to provide our customers and the communities we serve with clean, affordable and abundant energy. Over the past five years, we have made significant progress in establishing a significant, long-term position in the Marcellus. We are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for us to address the current infrastructure gap, as the industry endeavors to link
the abundant resources that exist in the Marcellus with the customers and communities we serve.
We were recognized by a number of respected publications and institutions in 2014:
• J.D. Power recognized UGI Utilities, Inc. as #1 in residential customer satisfaction for large gas utilities in the Eastern United States;
• Barron’s ranked UGI among its top performing companies; • Platts named UGI one of the “Top 250 Global Energy
Companies”; and
• Public Utilities Fortnightly ranked UGI among its “40 Best Energy Companies.”
There is no doubt UGI reached new heights in 2014. While our record financial performance was the most obvious indicator, it is the progress we made on our strategic investments
and programs that is the most noteworthy element of our performance. Each of our businesses contributed to this progress in areas that are vital to our future:
• Our Gas Utility delivered record levels of customer growth, connecting 16,000 new residential heating customers and approximately 2,000 new commercial and industrial customers over the past 12 months. We launched our GET Gas program to extend the reach of our systems and attract new customers. We continued to accelerate our infrastructure replacement program, with our infrastructure capital expenditures in 2014 approximately 25% above the 2013 level. Operating income increased 20%
for Utilities as we benefited from the combined effects of colder weather and our expanding customer base.
• Our Midstream and Marketing business had an extraordinary year as operating income more than doubled. The combination of cold weather and heightened natural gas price volatility due to locational basis differentials enabled us to utilize our expanded network of assets in the Marcellus. We successfully concluded a series of capital projects, including the first phase of our Auburn pipeline capacity expansion and the completion of our Union Dale lateral, a 6 mile, 12” pipeline serving a major northeast Pennsylvania producer. We also announced our participation in the PennEast pipeline project. This 100+ mile pipeline project, with an estimated cost of $1 billion, will link prolific northeast Pennsylvania Marcellus production with major customer markets in southeast Pennsylvania and central New Jersey. The project is expected to be in service by 2017. UGI is the project manager and will operate the pipeline. We also announced a FERC- approved expansion of our LNG liquefaction capacity in Temple,

 Lon R. Greenberg
John L. Walsh
16 countries in Northern and Central Europe and we have the capacity to build on this position. We are excited about the opportunity to further expand our business with the planned acquisitions of Total’s LPG businesses in France and Hungary. We will keep you advised of our progress as the regulatory process moves forward.
• AmeriGas performed very well during a challenging year. The East and Midwest regions of the U.S. experienced extreme
cold and supply shortages while the West and Southwest regions were warmer than normal. The weather was about 9% colder than the prior year nationally, while AmeriGas’s operating income increased almost 20%. AmeriGas did an exceptional
job ensuring that customers in the Midwest and East received an uninterrupted supply of propane throughout the winter. The scale of our operations enabled us to move product, assets
and people to the areas most in need. In addition to meeting this critical customer service challenge, the AmeriGas team
also made great progress strengthening the position of our National Accounts and Propane Exchange programs, where
our expanded national footprint makes us an attractive supply partner for key customers. AmeriGas is in great shape as we enter the 2014/2015 winter heating season and we look forward to demonstrating the power of a superior national distribution network and a strong field leadership team.
Fiscal 2014 was truly a milestone year for UGI. We delivered
the strongest financial performance in our history while making significant progress on a range of strategic growth opportunities that are vital to our future and demonstrated the collective strength of our diversified set of businesses.
As we enter 2015, we are focused on the execution of our core business strategies and the completion of a range of active capital projects. We have begun work on the PennEast pipeline project, the largest capital project in our history, and are planning for the pending European LPG acquisitions, which are expected to close within the next six months. With the cash flow and balance sheet strength to support additional new investments, UGI is well positioned for 2015 and we have a clear view of our path for growth in 2016 and beyond.
Pennsylvania, which will be in service in the spring of 2015 and serve the rapidly expanding demand for LNG in the Northeast.
The infrastructure gap in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast is significant and UGI is well positioned to participate in the build out, which will likely extend over the next decade. We are focused on expanding our asset network and building our organizational capabilities to ensure that we maintain an attractive, long-term position in this dynamic market.
• Our European LPG business had a major challenge with extremely warm weather in 2014. While operating income fell approximately 20% from the prior year, our teams performed well in the face of weather that was 15-20% warmer. We are highly confident that, as normal weather returns, our performance will be strong, as was the case in 2013 following the very warm winter of 2012.
We recently signed a purchase agreement to acquire Total’s LPG distribution business in France. Once completed, this acquisition will significantly expand the scale of our European business. The closing date will be determined by the regulatory review process which is underway. We are hopeful the transaction will close in the first half of calendar year 2015.
We are very pleased with the performance of the businesses we acquired over the past few years, which significantly expanded the scale and reach of our European business. UGI now serves
Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman of the Board
John L. Walsh
President and
Chief Executive Officer
    