 To Our Shareholders
When we wrote to you a year ago, the global economy was
in turmoil. Many companies reacted to the significant global downturn by curtailing spending and investment. We noted that given the circumstances we would, of course, maintain discipline and be prudent. We added, however, that we not only had the financial strength, but also the right strategies, capabilities and people to pursue attractive opportunities to invest for the future.
A year has elapsed and, despite an environment that was
and remains challenging, we are pleased to report that your company has continued to outperform. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2010, the total return to our shareholders was 18.1% compared to a total return of 11.9% for Standard & Poor’s Utilities Index and 10.2% for Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. This outperformance has continued: for calendar year 2010 through November 15, the total return to our shareholders has been 26.4% compared to 4.6% and 9.3% for Standard & Poor’s Utilities Index and Standard & Poor’s 500 Index, respectively.
We have always felt that the value of our stock will over time reflect the long-term strength of our financial performance. In fiscal year 2010, we once again delivered excellent financial results with our earnings per share equaling $2.36. Given
our financial performance and our bright future, our Board of Directors raised the dividend by 25% to an annualized rate of $1.00 per share. As has been the case for many years, our financial performance is newsworthy:
• Fortune named UGI as one of the top 500 companies in the United States and ranked UGI 38th in delivering shareholder value;
• Forbes named UGI to their Global 2000 list of the “World’s Leading Companies”;
• Barron’s ranked UGI among its 500 top-performing companies; • Platts named UGI one of the “Top 250 Global Energy
Companies”; and
• Public Utilities Fortnightly ranked UGI among its “40 Best Energy Companies.”
The explanation for our performance, and our continuing optimism about the future, is rooted in our unwavering focus on our strategies, the diversification inherent in our business model and the attributes of our unique culture. Over a decade ago, we chartered a clear direction for UGI which entailed growing
Lon R. Greenberg
John L. Walsh
our utilities and propane businesses and seeking out related and complementary growth opportunities, many of which are now part of our midstream and marketing businesses. As a consequence of rigorously pursuing our strategies, we have created a unique business model premised on diversification
of risk and opportunity: we distribute and market a number of energy products in several geographic regions; we generate significant earnings and cash flow from each of our businesses; and we have opportunities to invest within each of our businesses. The financial attributes of this diversification are apparent in our reliable generation of profits and cash flow.
We noted last year that despite the market turmoil that existed, there were still attractive opportunities for us to pursue. We made good progress last year in taking advantage of opportunities to

both improve our businesses and invest for the future. For example:
• We continue to develop high-quality capital projects that support our strategy for long-term growth. We made excellent progress on two major midstream and generation capital projects that are in the construction phase. Our $125 million project to repower our Hunlock coal-fired electric generating station as a larger gas- fired facility will come on stream in late spring 2011. The second project, the $120 million expansion of our LNG peaking facility in Temple, PA, remains on schedule for start up in late 2012.
• In August, we announced our plans to invest approximately $300 million in infrastructure projects to support the development of natural gas in the Marcellus Shale region. These investments are likely to cover a range of new opportunities, including interstate pipelines, local gathering systems and gas storage.
• Our focus on organic growth is evident as we developed new customer segments in several of our businesses. Our Midstream and Marketing business continued to enhance its position in
two new customer segments – power marketing and small commercial gas. We are now marketing power on 13 local distribution systems within the PJM network and we’ve had
very good success adding power to our portfolio with existing gas customers. Our small commercial natural gas marketing program concluded another successful year, and has added approximately 10,000 new customer locations over the past 24 months. Our Gas Utility concluded a successful year for customer growth, with a net increase of almost 5,000 heating customers. Over the past decade, we’ve added almost 60,000 new residential gas heating customers, averaging nearly two percent growth per annum.
• We also found opportunities to expand the scope of our businesses within our established service areas. Antargaz is now actively marketing natural gas throughout France. We are finding that commercial customers in France are looking for alternatives and see the value in working with Antargaz, an experienced
and reputable energy distributor. We are confident that this
will develop into an attractive long-term opportunity based on Antargaz’s strong brand awareness, our established commercial sales network in France, and the positive response from key commercial customers as we roll out our initial programs.
• Acquisitions remain a critical element of our long-term growth strategy. This is particularly true for our propane businesses.
We recently expanded and strengthened our European propane business with several acquisitions. We entered one new market, Denmark, and added scale to our position in Switzerland and
in two large eastern European markets, Poland and Hungary. AmeriGas also had another productive year for acquisitions, with 15 acquisitions adding 14 million gallons of volume in key markets nationwide.
• Finally, we continued to incorporate renewable technologies into our business plans. In fiscal year 2010, we completed a 1MW solar installation for Crayola and are constructing installations at two separate UGI sites. We recently announced the initiation of phase two of the Crayola project and we are actively pursuing
a range of solar projects that would add to our renewables portfolio.
The foundation of our success has been, and remains, the people who work at UGI. Together with them, we have built a culture based on meeting our commitments, providing excellent customer service, delivering superior long-term value to our shareholders and being a good corporate citizen. We want to thank our employees not only for their efforts over the past year, but also their adherence to the highest standards in performing their duties each and every day.
We also want to thank our Board of Directors who once again provided important insight, counsel and guidance during the year. In particular, we want to express our gratitude to Dick Gozon who will be retiring from our Board in January. It is impossible to overstate the contributions Dick has made to the Company over his 21 years on our Board. Dick’s clear judgment and exceptional organizational and leadership skills provided the guidance management needed to profitably grow while navigating the many difficult challenges we faced. His unwavering confidence in what we were capable of achieving was inspirational to all of us.
There is nothing simple about building a great company. We hope you are pleased with how your company is evolving and performing. At the same time, we trust you share our excitement about our future prospects. We certainly are grateful for your support.
  Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
John L. Walsh
President and
Chief Operating Officer
