 Strength through Performance
Thanks to the talents and tireless efforts of the entire team at UGI, fiscal year 2003 was very successful. Among our significant accomplishments were the following:
• Our earnings grew by 31% to $98.9 million, and our earnings per share increased by 27.2% to $2.29 from $1.80 last year;
• We raised our dividend 3.6% to $1.14 per share;
• Our return on equity was a healthy 22.3%;
• We ended the year with $116 million of cash available for long-term investment;
• We effected a three-for-two split of our common stock, the first such split in 13 years;
• We maintained growth capital expendi- ture levels in all of our business units while pursuing selective acquisition growth opportunities, such as the purchase of an additional 4.9% interest in the Conemaugh Electric Generating Station for $51.3 million, the acquisition of TXU Corporation’s northeastern U.S. natural gas marketing operation for
$10 million, and the purchase, as of October 1, 2003, of businesses distribut- ing approximately 40 million gallons of propane; and
• J. D. Power and Associates recognized our Gas Utility as being the top service provider among gas distribution companies in the East.
The reward of this superior perfor- mance to our shareholders is also noteworthy: the total return for the one- year period ended November 30, 2003 was 36.8% compared to a 23.1% return posted by Standard & Poor’s Utility Index. This marks the fourth consecu- tive year in which our total return exceeded 20%. Indeed, over the five- year period ended November 30, 2003,
2
To Our Shareholders:

the total return to our shareholders was the highest among all companies in that index.
Being the best has been a goal of ours for many years. We know that is a lofty goal, but it is the only one worth pursuing. Our confidence in setting this goal is derived from the many notable accomplishments that were achieved by our predecessors throughout our more than 120-year history. Since 1882, through world wars, economic booms and the Great Depression, UGI has been a pillar of strength for our owners, our customers and our employees.
We will mark two milestones worthy of mention during fiscal year 2004. First, 2004 will be the 120th consecutive year in which we have paid dividends on our common stock. In hand-written letters sent to our shareholders in 1884, we stated the following: “Your Company has made satisfactory progress during the past year and has been enabled to commence the payment of dividends which (we) have every reason to believe can be continued.” Our predecessors were quite prescient! Sixteen years ago, we started the additional trend of increasing our dividend and we have done so each and every year since. We are tremendously proud of both of these uninterrupted records.
A second milestone we will reach in 2004 is the 75th anniversary of our listing on the New York Stock Exchange. We are equally proud of this milestone. We are also mindful of the fundamental precepts that guided our success over these many years. Those fundamentals embrace the idea that a CEO and Board must think in terms of decades as opposed to quarters; that management should focus its efforts on managing the Company’s businesses and not its share price; and that integrity, honesty and responsibility matter as much as earnings, cash flow and balance sheets.
While I often remind people that our past is impressive, I tell them that our future is filled with opportunity. As we enter fiscal year 2004, we stand on the shoulders of our predecessors, looking forward to celebrating the two mile- stones noted above, but recognizing that we are at a new beginning, poised to forge a company that combines the finest elements of its past with a vision of even better things to come.
We believe our success has been, and will continue to be, attributable to the attention we devote to the following five basic business tenets. First, have a clear vision of what you are: we are a distributor and marketer of energy products and services. Second, estab- lish straightforward financial objectives and communicate them widely: ours are (and have been) to grow earnings per share between 6% and 10% per year, and increase dividends per share 3% annually. Third, have specific strategies and measure progress in executing these strategies regularly: we do. Fourth, generate excess cash flow and invest it wisely: we generate approxi- mately $35 million annually and we invest that cash “with success” not to achieve success. Finally, align compen- sation with goal achievement: we are motivated to succeed as we, too, are significant shareholders and our compensation is aligned with providing rewards to our shareholders.
Our platform for growth is sustain- able because we have made the right strategic choices while maintaining our focus on operational excellence and financial discipline. There are more opportunities in virtually every one of our business areas. Thus, you should expect us to devote our human capital and invest our financial resources in businesses in which we have demon- strated skill. Don’t expect us to relax or let up, as it is not in our nature to do so.
The importance of a strong, indepen- dent Board of Directors has been highlighted by recent corporate scan- dals. Having such a Board has been a critical ingredient to our success and we continue to benefit from the gover- nance, counsel and guidance of our Directors. I would like to thank the Board for the diligence and insight they bring in exercising their duties on behalf of the shareholders.
Our employees have also distin- guished themselves as one of the strongest generations of UGI people in our Company’s 122-year history. They operate with shared values and focus on common goals. There is nothing more important to our future than a strong, committed workforce. I want to thank our employees for making us the success we are today. They are our true pillars of strength.
The one thing I know for sure is that cynics and doubters will not make the progress necessary to continue our success. Rather, progress is made by those who believe that everything is possible. We are fortunate to count among our employees so many “believ- ers.” We enter fiscal year 2004, a year of significant milestones, as a leader in the energy distribution and marketing businesses. Our goal is to fuel comfort- able, more productive lives. We are executing a forward-looking plan designed to outperform our competi- tors, generate increased earnings and cash, drive growth and create superior long-term shareholder value.
I can’t help but think that our prede- cessors would be very proud of the UGI of today.
Lon R. Greenberg Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 December 16, 2003
3
