 UGI has been a pillar of strength for more than 120 years. During 2004, we celebrated two milestones illustrative of this strength: the 75th anniversary of our listing on the New York Stock Ex- change and the 120th consecutive year in which we have paid dividends on our common stock. Our success, now in its third century, has been built on our willingness to adapt to ever-chang- ing and challenging conditions, our ability to identify and exploit new op- portunities, and our understanding that a company thrives not just by captur- ing markets, but also by developing
its people.
Success over such a prolonged pe-
riod of time requires careful strategic planning, a focus on execution and perseverance in the face of adversity. Similarly, success cannot be created or sustained without the taking of many
individual steps forward, for progress comes one step at a time.
In June 1999, we took a significant step forward after
completing a rigorous self-examination of UGI and energy markets. We an- nounced at that time a clear vision for UGI which focused on energy distribu- tion and marketing, and we stated we would fully support our core busi- nesses while diversifying our revenue stream into related and complemen- tary energy businesses. Our aim was to deliver consistent growth in earnings and dividends, even in difficult market environments.
Some observers believed our ambi- tious goals were unattainable. They were incorrect. I am pleased that for the sixth consecutive year, we pro- duced excellent results. Furthermore, over this six-year period, our earnings per share have grown at a compound annual rate of 21.2%* and our total
return to shareholders has grown at a compound annual rate of 22.4%. Looking back on our 2004 fiscal
year, we took a number of steps for- ward to reap the benefits of the funda- mental changes we made over the past six years. One of these steps, the acquisition of the remaining 80% of Antargaz, our French propane distribu- tor, was a huge step forward. Even as we completed this transaction, we delivered one of the best operating performances in UGI’s recent history.
Later in this letter, I will put in per- spective how far we’ve come over the past six years and begin to chart our course for the future. Before I do, let’s take a close look at what we accom- plished during fiscal year 2004:
• We grew our earnings nearly 13% to $111.6 million.
• While our reported earnings per share grew just shy of 1%, after ad- justing for the dilutive effect of the mid-year acquisition of Antargaz, they grew 12%.
• We raised our annual dividend rate nearly 10% to $1.25 per share.
• In addition to the Antargaz transac- tion, we completed seven acquisi- tions representing 38 million gallons in AmeriGas and expanded Flaga, our Austrian-based propane distribu- tor, by nearly 20% with an acquisi- tion as well.
• Excluding acquisitions, we made capital investments of approximately $134 million in our various busi- nesses, including nearly $41 million in our utility businesses.
• We ended the year with $114.6 mil- lion of cash readily available for investment.
• We had strong customer growth in our Gas Utility and AmeriGas Propane units.
• Our Gas Utility was once again recognized by J. D. Power and Associates as being the top service provider among gas distribution companies in the East.
 To Our Shareholders:
2
 
 I have often repeated that excellent performance creates superior value for shareholders. Last year was no excep- tion: the total return to our shareholders for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 was 33.5% compared to 19.5% posted by Standard & Poor’s Utility Index. This marks the fourth consecu- tive year in which our total return mean- ingfully exceeded this benchmark.
Obviously, our shareholders have benefited from the disciplined and consistent approach we adopted in 1999. Since that time, UGI has earned the reputation of being an excellent operator and disciplined investor, com- bining both skills to deliver consistent growth and increasing value to our shareholders.
Looking back, I believe the adoption of our focused strategy in June 1999 to have been a watershed event. At that time, UGI conducted two principal businesses: a domestic propane distri- bution business and a mid-sized natu- ral gas and electric utility. For the fiscal year that ended September 30, 1998, we had net income of approximately $40 million, earnings per share of $0.81, and we generated investable free cash flow (dividends from subsid- iaries less our common dividend) of about $30 million. Over 80% of our net income was derived from one business unit, our regulated utilities. Our share price on September 30, 1998 (the end of our 1998 fiscal year) was $15.42 per share, our annualized dividend per share was $0.97, and our market capi- talization was $759 million.
As we ended our 2004 fiscal year, just six years later, UGI has become a nearly $2 billion market capitalization distributor and marketer of energy products and services. During these six years, our share price increased nearly two and one-half times to $37.26, our dividend has grown to $1.25 per share, and we have provided our sharehold- ers with a compound annual total return of 22.4%. In addition, our net
income grew to $111.6 million, our earnings per share more than tripled to $2.57*, and we project that our average annual investable free cash flow will grow to approximately $80 million. Importantly, we now operate five healthy business segments and expect that in fiscal year 2005 only about one- third of our net income will come from our regulated utility business. By the time we end our 2005 fiscal year, our income will have nearly quadrupled from 1998 levels.
Clearly, UGI has come a long way over that six-year period. We have stayed the course and delivered on what we promised. UGI is not like any other company, nor do we aspire to be. We are unique because of the choices we have made, the actions we took and chose not to take, the mix of busi- nesses we have built and the character that defines us.
While we obviously are proud of what we’ve accomplished, our focus remains on the future and the many opportunities that lie ahead. I certainly believe that we have built a strong framework for long-term continued success. We will continue our disci- plined approach to our businesses. For us, that discipline takes the form of identifying critical priorities, directing resources to achieving those priorities and then measuring and holding our- selves accountable for significant progress in doing so.
The UGI of the future will build on the success of the past and will do so one step at a time. We will move for- ward by investing in internal and acqui- sition growth in our core businesses, both domestic and international; mak- ing improvements in the operation of those businesses and in the products and services they offer; and giving our customers the kind of service that sets us apart from our competitors. We will continue to demonstrate that we can be nimble, make smart decisions and stay focused.
However, nothing is more important to our future than a strong, committed and engaged workforce. There is no greater evidence of this than the per- formance of UGI’s employees over the past six-years. UGI’s employees are the best guarantee of reliable, sus- tained growth. Whether creating and executing strategies, or developing relationships with customers to better serve them, UGI people prove them- selves on a day-in, day-out basis to
be the Company’s greatest asset. You could not place your trust in a better group of people.
Similarly, our Board of Directors is an immensely important asset to you. Directors are most valuable when they exercise informed, independent judg- ment. We support this by providing them not only with information in a timely manner, but also with an envi- ronment for that information to be openly analyzed, discussed and acted upon. I want to express my appreciation to the members of our Board for their commitment to their responsibilities, their wisdom and their passion for UGI and its businesses.
We will not be satisfied until we’ve established UGI as the supplier of choice for our customers, the invest- ment of choice for our shareholders, and the workplace of choice for our employees. I look forward to reporting our progress to you in the future as we strive to achieve this lofty goal, one step at a time!
Lon R. Greenberg Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
December 7, 2004
* Adjusted to eliminate 26 cents per share of dilution associated with the mid-year acquisition of 80% of Antargaz in fiscal 2004.
 3
