 To Our Shareholders
UGI Corporation 2015 Annual Report
Fiscal year 2015 was an exceptional year for UGI on numerous fronts. Strong operational performance, along with colder-than- normal weather in the eastern U.S. and extended volatility of pipeline capacity values in the Mid-Atlantic region, enabled us
to match our 2014 record net income despite less extreme and warmer weather than 2014. Although we faced some challenges this year – AmeriGas experienced warm weather in the western and southwestern U.S. and Europe suffered through another extremely warm winter – we demonstrated the earnings power of our diverse businesses.
Our strong financial performance in fiscal 2015 and progress
on our strategic investment programs were well received by our shareholders and the broader investment community. UGI’s total return to shareholders during the year was 4.8%, compared to -0.6% for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. Our average annual total return to shareholders over the past 10 years was 9.6%, compared to 6.7% for the Standard & Poor’s Utilities Index and 6.8% for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. Our shareholders benefitted from an increase in our dividend of 4.6%, slightly above our targeted increase of 4%.
We were recognized by a number of respected publications and institutions:
• Barron’s ranked UGI #78 on the Barron’s 500 list of top performing companies;
• Platts named UGI one of the “Top 250 Global Energy Companies”; and
• Public Utilities Fortnightly ranked UGI among its “40 Best Energy Companies.”
While we were very pleased with the strong financial performance delivered in fiscal 2015, our progress on strategic investments is even more noteworthy. We entered the year with an exceptional portfolio of projects in development and finished the year with an even stronger slate. In light of this strong portfolio of investment opportunities, as well as those we see
in the future, we feel that this year’s theme of “Clear Path to Growth” captures the opportunities in front of us.
In addition to executing all the activities related to demand growth and new investments, we maintained our focus on our core activities of unit margin management, expense control, working capital management and the delivery of organic growth.
We’d like to comment on a few of our key fiscal 2015 achievements:
• Our Midstream & Marketing team continues to play a major role in the build out of critically needed gas infrastructure in the Marcellus region. We successfully completed several significant
projects, including our Auburn III expansion, the Union Dale lateral and the LNG expansion at Temple, while developing major new midstream projects that position us exceptionally well for future growth.
• Our Gas Utility remains focused on delivering strong customer growth while executing major infrastructure replacement programs. We added approximately 15,000 new residential heating customers during the year and 2,400 new commercial accounts. The progress in the commercial sector was noteworthy, as additions were up about 16%. Utilities also completed several large capital projects in 2015, including
a pipeline to serve a new Panda power generation facility in Lycoming County.
• AmeriGas continues to make very good progress with our cylinder exchange and National Accounts programs. Fiscal 2015 was particularly strong for National Accounts, as we grew volume by approximately 14%.
• Fiscal 2015 was a milestone year for our International
Propane business, as we significantly expanded the scale of
our operations with the acquisition of Total’s LPG distribution business in France. The deal closed on May 29th and we’ve been very pleased with our progress over the first several months. This business will be significantly accretive in fiscal 2016 and financial performance will improve as we integrate and align our activities in France over the next 36 to 48 months. We also closed on the acquisition of Total’s LPG distribution business in Hungary. While the scale of this business is relatively small, this investment strengthens our position in one of the largest LPG markets in Eastern Europe.
As our business grows and the energy sector becomes increasingly complex, we have maintained our commitment to excel in the most critical activities we undertake, including safety, customer service and operational efficiency. Our teams did an exceptional job serving UGI’s customers in 2015, despite the challenges of another cold Mid-Atlantic winter, while executing
a range of capital projects that is unparalleled in our history.
As we look ahead, we can clearly see the opportunities that will sustain our long-term growth. The combination of exceptionally strong customer demand and the lag in pipeline capacity additions has accentuated the “infrastructure gap” that has been emerging in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast regions over the past few years. UGI is working diligently to develop attractive projects that address this critical infrastructure need:
• Our Midstream & Marketing business is executing two major pipeline projects that will deliver critical capacity to the Mid- Atlantic region. Our 35-mile Sunbury pipeline in central

 Lon R. Greenberg
John L. Walsh
• All of our businesses are benefitting from historically low commodity costs, but those declines are most noteworthy
for our LPG units. After a decade of significant increases,
costs for propane and butane have fallen by 50% over the past 12 months. Our teams at AmeriGas and UGI International are seeing product costs that are touching 15 year lows as we approach the winter heating season. As a distributor, we’re delighted to be in a position to serve our customers with a lower cost energy solution. Our unparalleled distribution networks
and strong local leadership teams position us well to seize new opportunities in both the U.S. and Europe.
Fiscal 2015 was another year of significant progress for UGI.
We delivered a financial performance that equaled the record performance of the prior year while executing the broadest
range of strategic investment projects in our history. We clearly demonstrated the collective strength of our diversified businesses and made clear and steady progress on the strategic programs, such as our Marcellus infrastructure build-out, that are vital to
our future.
As we enter fiscal 2016, our outlook is very positive. We are moving forward with our broad portfolio of new strategic investments and we’re busy assessing a range of new opportunities across all of our business units. Our businesses feature enhanced cash flows, strong balance sheets and a full complement of active projects. We have the cash flow and balance sheet strength to support additional new investments, and we’re committed to building on our long track record of profitable growth. Our path for growth is clearer today than at any point in our long history and we are confident in our ability to deliver profitable growth for our shareholders.
Pennsylvania will serve a new 1,100 MW Panda power facility, while our 118-mile PennEast project, where we’ve partnered with five other major companies, will transport low cost Marcellus gas from northeast Pennsylvania to central New Jersey.
In addition to these pipeline projects, we also announced a major expansion of our LNG infrastructure with a liquefaction and storage investment at our site in Manning, Pennsylvania. This project will almost double our LNG liquefaction capacity and enable us to serve the increased demand for peaking services in our region.
• Our Gas Utility is also deploying record levels of capital to meet increasing natural gas demand and our infrastructure replacement and betterment program goals. Our total
capital expenditures increased by almost 20% in fiscal 2015 and spending will accelerate next year. In addition to our infrastructure replacement and organic growth programs,
we are also investing in pipeline projects for major customers within our service territory. As an example, we announced a pipeline project to serve Invenergy’s new 1,480 MW facility
in Lackawanna County.
Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman of the Board
John L. Walsh
President and
Chief Executive Officer
   After more than 35 years of service to UGI Corporation, Lon Greenberg has informed the Board of Directors of his decision to retire as Chairman of UGI, effective as of the Company’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders on January 28th, 2016. Throughout his career, Lon demonstrated a passion for achievement and instilled a culture of excellence throughout the organization. He has served as a mentor to two generations of leaders at UGI and AmeriGas and led the Company during a period of unprecedented growth and performance. Under his leadership, the Company experienced remarkable success, and his contributions have been numerous and invaluable. Over the past 20 years, with Lon as our Chairman and CEO, and then as our Non-Executive Chairman, UGI’s total shareholder return was over 1,800%. The Company delivered this performance while expanding into Europe, launching our Midstream business and dramatically expanding the scale of AmeriGas and our Utilities businesses. During this period of outstanding success, Lon instilled an environment that held in highest regard the Company’s role as a good corporate citizen, emphasizing contributions to our communities, compliance with our regulatory obligations and respect for our employees.
 