 To Our Shareholders
UGI Corporation 2013 Annual Report
 Our theme for the 2013 Annual Report is “Expanding Horizons.” Over the past twelve months, our teams at UGI have pushed the boundaries of our businesses while building on the foundation provided by our strong operating performance. We achieved record levels of net income and earnings per common share in 2013, as each of our businesses delivered significant increases in operating income. The return of more normal weather patterns this past winter and a focus on our core activities of unit margin management, expense control, working capital management, and the delivery of organic growth enabled us to demonstrate the earnings power of our diverse businesses.
Our strong financial performance in 2013 and the progress made on our strategic objectives were well received by the investment community and our shareholders. UGI’s total return to shareholders during the year was 26.8%. Our total average annual return to shareholders over the past 10 years was 14.0% compared to 9.7% for the Standard & Poor’s Utilities index and 7.6% for the Standard & Poor’s 500 index. Our average annual dividend growth over the same period was 7.1%.
While expanding our horizons, we remained focused on our objective of growing in sectors that align with our position as
a “distributor and marketer of energy products and services.” The rapid evolution of the U.S. energy sector continues, as the development of natural gas and natural gas liquids production in the Marcellus Shale creates a range of opportunities for UGI, our customers, and the communities we serve. We’re excited about the progress we have made in developing a strong position in the Marcellus and we have directed our project development efforts in the region to align with the strategic vision for our company.
We were recognized by a number of respected publications and institutions in 2013:
• J.D. Power recognized UGI as #1 in residential customer satisfaction for large gas utilities in the Eastern United States;
• Fortune named UGI as one of the top 500 companies in the United States and ranked UGI 125th in delivering shareholder value;
• Barron’s ranked UGI among its top performing companies; • Platt’s named UGI one of the “Top 250 Global Energy
Companies”; and
• Public Utilities Fortnightly ranked UGI among its “40 Best Energy Companies.”
Our teams continue to demonstrate their ability to achieve
our financial goals while striving to excel in the most critical activities we undertake: safety, customer service, and operational efficiency. We have maintained a clear focus on executing our strategy to grow the core utilities and propane businesses while identifying complementary growth and investment opportunities that are critical to our future. Our progress on these strategic investments was apparent in each of our businesses in 2013.
Our propane businesses in the U.S. and Europe are clearly demonstrating the benefits of the major acquisitions we made in fiscal year 2012. We’re expanding our Marcellus footprint and effectively utilizing our network of midstream assets within the Marcellus and we’ve accelerated our growth and infrastructure investment program at the Gas Utility.
• With our fiscal year 2012 acquisitions fully integrated, we’re seizing opportunities to leverage our expanded scale and enhanced distribution density in the U.S. and Europe. AmeriGas delivered strong performance from its National Accounts and ACE cylinder exchange programs, where our expanded national footprint makes us an attractive supply partner for key customers. We’re excited about the future for AmeriGas and the opportunity to further demonstrate the power of a superior national distribution network and a very strong field leadership team.
2013 was an exceptionally strong year for our European propane business. Operating income increased by over 30% and we concluded the year by closing the BP Poland acquisition,
which strengthens our position in one of Europe’s largest LPG markets. Our BP Poland integration plans were well developed and we were able to move forward immediately after closing
in September. While we will incur some additional transition expenses for BP Poland in 2014, the acquisition will be accretive in its first full year.

  • Our Gas Utility had a very busy and productive year. Operating income was up 15% and activity on both infrastructure replacement and growth were at record levels. We remain
on schedule with our enhanced infrastructure replacement program, with total Utility infrastructure replacement capex up approximately 30% in 2013.
Customer demand for natural gas is extremely strong. Our predominant growth segment for the past several years has been conversions, but we’re also seeing some modest recovery in new residential and commercial development. As expected, we connected almost 17,000 customers in 2013 and we continue to be extremely active with fuel oil conversions, as well as some new housing development projects, as we start 2014. Our demand outlook remains very positive due to the continuing large spread between the cost of natural gas and fuel oil.
• Our Midstream and Marketing business performed very well in 2013, delivering a 40% increase in operating income. We remain very active within the Marcellus region, executing a range of
new projects and looking for opportunities to further utilize our existing infrastructure.
We completed our $160 million Auburn II project as we closed out the fiscal year. This new 28-mile pipeline extends our existing Auburn line southward to connect with the Transco pipeline. Auburn II is now in service and subscribed to near capacity levels with firm contracts. This project represents critical new gas distribution infrastructure in northeastern Pennsylvania
and demonstrates the merits of projects that provide short haul transportation options connecting the Mid-Atlantic demand markets with the abundant gas supply in the Marcellus Shale.
2013 was a year of significant progress for UGI. We delivered
a strong financial performance while executing our acquisition integration programs and capital projects. We demonstrated the collective strength of our diversified set of businesses and we’ve made clear and steady progress on the strategic programs that are vital to our future.
UGI draws great strength from the commitment of our 13,000 colleagues who diligently work to provide exceptional service and support to the customers and communities we serve across the US and in 16 European countries. Our teams consistently “rise to the challenge” as we strive to excel in the eyes of our customers and dedicate significant time and effort to making UGI and AmeriGas a vital part of our communities through active participation in such organizations as the United Way, Reading
Is Fundamental and a host of others.
We would also like to thank our board at UGI, which provides us with great insight and guidance on a broad range of critical business and strategy issues. The diverse backgrounds and perspectives of our board ensure that we have a balanced and informed perspective on our most critical issues and opportunities.
We continue to invest in our businesses to ensure that we have the resources and capabilities to execute at a high level. The company is well positioned for 2014 and beyond and we are confident in our ability to deliver on our strategic vision for UGI.
  Lon R. Greenberg
Chairman of the Board
John L. Walsh
President and
Chief Executive Officer
John L. Walsh Lon R. Greenberg
  