Lawrence A. Weinbach Chairman (left) Joseph W. McGrath President and Chief Executive Officer (right)

Letter to Stakeholders
For Unisys and our shareholders, 2004 was a difficult year. As we continued our evolution to a services-led solutions provider, we encountered challenges in the market and in our own business execution. These challenges impacted our revenue and profitability, resulting in lower-than-expected financial results for 2004. This performance was disappointing to all of us--the management team, the board of directors and our employees worldwide. It was particularly disappointing given the track record of earnings growth and consistency that we had established coming into the year. We had achieved this track record quarter by quarter, year by year, through one of the toughest downturns in the history of the IT industry. To lose that track record was hard indeed. But setbacks can be valuable in the lessons they bring. By addressing our execution issues and making changes in our business model, we have learned from the lessons of 2004 and emerged stronger as a result. We also achieved many positives in 2004, which will enhance our future operation: the launch of some exciting new services and solutions, the continued deepening of our employee skills base, and a successful transition to a new generation of leadership. Although we still have challenges to work through, we are optimistic about our opportunities for profitable growth. With a renewed focus on execution, we believe that we're well-positioned to begin a new record of earnings growth and consistency in 2005.

We have learned from the lessons of 2004 and emerged stronger as a result.

2004 in Review
On an operational basis, our earnings in 2004 were impacted by two key factors. First, during the year we experienced challenges in several of our transformational business process outsourcing contracts. Second, we saw weaker sales of our high-end enterprise servers, especially late in the year. In addition, our earnings in 2004 were impacted by a number of items during the year: · A pretax, non-cash impairment charge of $126 million, or 26 cents per share, to write off contract-related capitalized assets associated with one of the challenging outsourcing operations · A pretax charge of $82.0 million, or 18 cents per diluted share, to consolidate facility space and reduce global headcount by about 1,400 positions, primarily in general and administrative areas
2

Financial Summary Year ended December 31 (dollars in millions, except per share data) 2004 Revenue Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) SG&A as % of revenue Operating income (loss) Operating income (loss) as % of revenue Interest expense Net income Diluted earnings per share Total debt Cash flow from operations Year-end stock price Shares outstanding Number of employees $5,820.7 1,102.9 18.9% (34.8) (.6)% 69.0 38.6 ..11 1,051.1 469.8 10.18 337.4M 36,400 2003 $5,911.2 1,007.2 17.0% 427.7 7.2% 69.6 258.7 .78 1,068.2 570.8 14.85 331.9M 37,300 % change (1.5)% 9.5% ­ NM NM (.9)% (85.1)% (85.9)% (1.6)% (17.7)% (31.4)% 1.7% (2.4)%

· Net tax benefits of $97.0 million, or 29 cents per share, related to the settlement of income tax audit issues during the year · A significant impact from pension accounting. In 2004, we incurred pretax pension expense of $93.6 million, or 19 cents per share, compared with pretax pension income of $22.6 million, or 5 cents per share, in 2003. We expect pension expense to increase to about $186 million in 2005. As a result of these factors, we reported 2004 net income of $38.6 million, or 11 cents per diluted share, down from net income of $258.7 million, or 78 cents per diluted share, in 2003. Revenue for the full year of 2004 declined slightly to $5.82 billion from $5.91 billion in 2003.

Initiatives to Drive Profitable Growth
We have initiated far-reaching actions to enhance our execution and competitiveness. The Unisys management team takes full responsibility for our performance in 2004, and we are committed to improving on our performance. During 2004, we completed a broad-based review of all areas of our business, including our go-to-market approach, our sales and delivery processes, and our cost structure. As a result of this review, we have initiated far-reaching actions to enhance our execution and competitiveness. These actions encompass three general areas:
Enhance market differentiation and sales success. As the information tech-

nology market becomes more crowded and competitive, we must clearly differentiate Unisys--our strengths, our capabilities, what we stand for in the marketplace. This is why, in recent years, we have been taking actions to move up the "value chain" of our customer buying decisions by offering high-end services and technology offerings. We made a major breakthrough in this market differentiation in 2004 by introducing the Unisys 3D Visible Enterprise strategy and solutions. Unisys 3D Visible Enterprise, or 3D-VE, enables our customers to see the potential impact of strategic business decisions before they make those decisions. Based on industry standards such as J2EE and Microsoft's .NET
3

Unisys has unique strengths in the marketplace: our end-to-end services portfolio, our high-end technology offerings, our industryoriented approach.

architecture, 3D-VE allows clients to build solutions that are highly flexible and can change as their business changes. 3D-VE is an innovative offering in the marketplace, and we are excited by the opportunities it offers in helping us differentiate our company. In addition, we have taken actions to improve our effectiveness in bidding on, winning and delivering on client engagements. Unisys has unique strengths in the marketplace: our end-to-end services portfolio, our high-end technology offerings, our industry-oriented approach. When we talked to clients, however, we found that they weren't always aware of the full capabilities of Unisys. Our sales and marketing efforts were too frequently compartmentalized; we were marketing as discrete business units rather than as a single company. To win opportunities and drive revenue growth, we needed to be more coordinated and more aggressive in our sales and marketing activities. To improve our effectiveness in the market as "one Unisys," we have built dedicated, cross-business teams to serve our top client accounts and bring the full portfolio of Unisys services and solutions to these clients. We have also changed our sales compensation structure to ensure that our field sales organizations work together to bid and win client proposals that involve cross-business resources. In terms of sales delivery, we are building a common set of delivery processes across our company that will allow us to use our best people and talent in client engagements, regardless of where these people are situated within the organization. We have already seen success in certain accounts by taking such a "one Unisys" approach, and we expect these initiatives to be a key contributor to improved order and sales growth.
Return the outsourcing business to profitable growth. In the second half of

2004, we experienced execution issues in several of our large business process outsourcing engagements. These are complex, multiyear contracts that involve transitioning from the client's previous environment to new, state-of-the-art processes and software. In executing this transition, we encountered delays and cost overruns that impacted our profitability. We have taken aggressive action to address these execution issues and get back on track in these client accounts. While we are making progress, the challenges in these outsourcing contracts will continue to impact our results in 2005. We continue to service these clients and meet their requirements. As we work through these issues, Unisys remains committed to the outsourcing market overall. Outsourcing is the fastest-growing area of the IT services industry, and Unisys has the right skills and capabilities needed to succeed in this market. We have dozens of satisfied outsourcing clients, and we are focused on continuing to grow our roster of clients with new orders in 2005.
Reduce costs and improve internal efficiency. As we work to enhance our top-line

growth and improve our execution, it's equally critical that we keep focused on reducing our costs. The IT industry is intensely competitive--and becoming more so every year. Thus, it's vital that we continually drive down costs and find ways to operate more efficiently and cost-effectively. During 2004, we announced actions to enhance our efficiency by reducing expenses. We will complete these cost-reduction actions in 2005, and we expect them to give

4

us $70 million of annualized cost savings on a run-rate basis by the end of 2005. At the same time, we want to take our efficiency to the next level. This is why we have initiated a Six Sigma program at Unisys. This is a longer-term program to create a highly efficient, lean organization based on tight discipline and focused execution. Our program, which we are calling Six Sigma Lean, is focused on enhancing productivity over a multiyear period by driving out waste and redundancy and improving the quality, cost and time-performance of the business. We have recently launched this program at Unisys, introducing it to our top management and field sales and delivery force. In the coming months and years, we will progressively expand the program to all our employees as we work toward creating a world-class culture of discipline and focused execution at Unisys. We believe that creating this culture will be a major contributor to our future success.

Commitment to Success
These are aggressive initiatives. They will require the focus and execution of all our people to succeed. And speaking for our management team and our 36,000-plus employees worldwide, we are committed to the success of this company. We have come a long way in our corporate transformation. We are a different company from what we were just a few years ago, and we have just begun to tap our corporate potential. Yes, 2004 was a disappointing year, but we are focused on getting back on track and regaining our momentum in the marketplace. As we embark on this new stage of our transformation, we do so with a change in our leadership team. On January 1, 2005, Joseph W. McGrath assumed the role of president and chief executive officer. Joe previously served as president and chief operating officer, president of Enterprise Transformation Services, and chief marketing officer. He has been instrumental in our company's transformation over the past five years, and he is superbly qualified to lead Unisys in the next level of success. He is supported by a strong team of leaders, many of whom have joined us in recent years as part of our corporate transformation. He will also be supported by Lawrence A. Weinbach, who will continue as executive chairman through 2005. The management team is confident in our company and our prospects in the market, and we are focused on driving profitable growth and enhanced shareholder value.

We are a different company from what we were just a few years ago....

Regards,

Lawrence A. Weinbach

Joseph W. McGrath

5

