A letter to all our constituencies
Our Customers, our Suppliers, our Associates and our Shareholders
We are unwavering in our commitment to excel in the distribution of natural and organic products by fulfilling the highest standards for quality, product assortment, dependability, and value added services. Driven by this strong and long-term commitment, our key tenets are:  To pursue excellence in support of all our customers.  To earn and retain our customers' respect, confidence and loyalty by understanding and fulfilling their needs and providing quality products and services.  To maintain strong, long-term supplier relationships.  To provide a safe and meaningful work environment in which our associates can flourish.  To be a responsible and contributing good citizen in each of the communities we serve. As we execute our key business tenets, we are convinced that these will assist UNFI in providing superior returns to our shareholders. Capital Expenditures are a key element of our growth and operating strategy. We invested $66 million in fiscal 2005 to fund new and expanded facilities and technology to accommodate the continued growth of our business. Dayville, CT and Iowa City, IA were expanded during the year, and we opened a brand new facility in Greenwood, IN. This facility became operational in August and will help serve our customers in the Upper Mid-West. In addition, we also purchased a brand new facility in Rocklin, CA which is expected to be completed and ready for operation in October 2005. These investments expanded our distribution capacity to 3.5 million square feet which is an increase of 124% over the past five years. During this time frame, we have invested over $150M in Capital Expenditures. Operationally, we extended our long and successful relationship with Whole Foods Markets, a valued customer since the early `80s, by signing a three-year primary distribution agreement valued at over $1.5 billion. Likewise, we enjoyed a full year of sales from Wild Oats, our second largest customer, following their new contract last year. We look forward to building upon these strategic partnerships and providing them, and all of our customers, with the widest selection of natural and organic products in the industry. We also have added new customers in the independent, supermarket and food service channels that have allowed us to continue to grow those important channels of business as well. We enhanced our long-term strategic position and realized solid progress in implementing our three-year plan to "INVEST" more than $100 million in our people, facilities, equipment and technologies. This program, introduced in fiscal 2004, has served us well and yielded positive results in 2005. To date, the large majority of this investment has been made in expanding our capacity, but we also have invested a great deal of capital in our systems and data protection. We eliminated two legacy business systems, part of the Blooming Prairie and Select Nutrition acquisitions, in our goal to provide a single system across United Distribution. We will continue to invest in technology to enhance our operating efficiencies in transportation, operations and customer service. Our success in 2005 can also be measured outside of our operating results as we remain committed to improving the business climate and quality of life in the communities we serve. We are a record
UNITED NATURAL FOODS

NEW LEVEL OF STRONG PERFORMANCE
It is our pleasure to report that fiscal 2005 was a time of considerable strategic accomplishment for United Natural Foods. We achieved all of our key operating and financial objectives:  Posted record revenues and profits;  Strengthened existing customer relationships while entering into new strategic customer alliances;  Broadened our market share and customer base through strong execution while completing two strategic acquisitions;  Significantly expanded our distribution capacity while enhancing our customer service across all of our 16 distribution centers;  Entered fiscal 2006 with over 20,000 customers and with more than 40,000 different products supplying all store segments and trade classes. Sales rose to a record $2.1 billion, up 23 percent from $1.7 billion a year ago. We ended calendar year 2004 with an 8.3% market share of the served market. We realized increased earnings, excluding special items, of 27 percent to $41.7 million, or $1.00 per diluted share. This sales growth continues to be about triple that of the natural products industry and underscores our commitment to help our customers be successful.
2

donor of Relay for Life. We also organized disaster relief donations from our workforce, which was matched by the Company for tsunami and hurricane relief. On an annual basis, we have contributed over $2 million to various charities and organizations. In January of 2005 we were recognized by Forbes magazine as one of the "Best Managed Companies in America," and were cited for our strong customer relationships, an approximate doubling of profits and revenues since 2002 and an ability to stay on top of new products and trends. We are especially proud of this honor as it not only reflects that our operating strategies are working but exemplifies our organization's commitment to meeting the needs of a rapidly growing $46 billion natural products industry. UNFI continues to assemble a senior management team to provide the organization with the talent and expertise to achieve our objectives. During the year we announced the appointments of Tom Dziki to Division President and Mark Shamber to Vice President and Corporate Controller. Strong associates are key components to delivering the superior customer service that our customers demand. UNFI fosters a creative and highly cooperative culture that allows employees to maximize TOM DZIKI their potential. As part of our commitment to creating a corporate infrastructure that enhances UNFI's leadership role, we are building our human resources capabilities. Promoting from within is a key objective and we have initiated a succession planning process throughout the organization. We also MARK SHAMBER recognize the importance of training and management development and we have made significant investments to both train and educate our workforce. Over the last decade, awareness of the ethical concerns regarding agriculture, the environment, and the manufacture and distribution of food has grown dramatically. Increasingly mindful of the connection between the food they eat and their own health, many consumers are choosing a lifestyle of health and sustainability. This demand has solidified the natural and organic industry's position as the fastest growing segment of the overall food industry--realizing
2005 ANNUAL REPORT

seven to eight percent growth annually versus two to three percent growth for the overall grocery industry. We believe this growth is sustainable as the natural products market currently represents only seven to eight percent of grocery and related sales and, according to industry statistics, less than 15% of all U.S. consumers regularly consumed organic food and drinks in 2004. This growth is expected to increase at a compound annual growth rate of 15% over the next five years, from 35 million consumers in 2004 to over 73 million in 2009.

INVESTMENTS FOR OUR FUTURE
Consistent with this strong and vibrant industry growth, we continue to sponsor environmental stewardship and social responsibility while aligning our resources to concentrate on our customers. Operationally, we are focusing the organization to drive process improvements in all our distribution facilities and aggressively expanding where our customers need us. Acquisitions have also been fundamental to our growth and during the year we continued to explore opportunities to expand our already diversified product offerings and customer base. In December of 2004, we acquired Select Nutrition Distributors, Inc., a privately owned nationwide distributor of health and beauty aids and vitamins, minerals and supplements. The firm's 14,000 products and nationwide customer base of over 5,000 further augment our offerings and distribution capabilities in the United States and provide us with a UPS shipping model. In July of 2005, we acquired the assets of Roots & Fruits Cooperative Produce ("Roots & Fruits"),
3

Investing in People, Facilities, Equipment and Technology

to pursuing opportunities for growth and will selectively pursue strategic opportunities which will expand our business. On behalf of all our associates, we would like to thank our Board of Directors for the valuable contributions they have made to our business throughout the year, our shareholders for their continued support and our customers and suppliers for their loyalty and commitment to us. Finally, we would like to extend our heartfelt appreciation to all associates for their ongoing commitment to the high standards that have made United Natural Foods a leader in the natural and organic industry. As you know, UNFI announced on October 24, 2005, that Steve had retired as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Steve will also resign as Chair of the Board of Directors of the Company upon the conclusion of our Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on December 8, 2005. As we also announced, Michael has returned to the Company to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer. Michael has been affiliated with our Company and its predecessors since 1976 and has been a member of the Board of Directors since February 1996. He has also previously served as our President and Chief Executive Officer. Steve has very much enjoyed his tenure at the Company and looks forward to continuing to serve as a consultant to the Company. We look forward to seeing you at our annual shareholders meeting to be held December 8, 2005. Sincerely,

NEW PICK-TO-LIGHT SELECTING SYSTEM AT WORK IN OUR CHESTERFIELD, NH FACILITY

a Minnesota-based wholesale distributor of fresh organic produce and perishables. This investment enhanced and strengthened our market position, as Roots & Fruits has a well established customer base of over 500 customers in the upper Midwest. We believe these initiatives are key investments in our future and will yield significant long-term benefits to our customers and our organization and create greater value for our shareholders.

LOOKING FORWARD
This is an exciting time for all of us here at United Natural Foods. We strongly believe our integrity, competence, innovation and execution will enable us to achieve and further advance our mission. In building our Company, we believe that our track record of growth, highlighted by 17% revenue CAGR and 21% earnings CAGR over the last five years, represents only a fraction of the tremendous opportunity that lies before us. We also believe that we have developed the necessary infrastructure and operating strategies that are critical to meeting our longterm objectives, while continuing to address consumers' health, safety, environmental and social concerns. We remain committed
4 UNITED NATURAL FOODS

Steven Townsend Chair of the Board

Michael S. Funk President and Chief Executive Officer

