 A letter to all our constituencies
Our Customers, our Suppliers,
our Associates and our Shareholders
It was an exciting year and United Natural Foods achieved a number of significant milestones. We reported record revenues, realized solid growth from both existing and new customers, accelerated our expansion in a number of high-growth business segments and established an immediate presence in the fast-growing Specialty Foods market with the November 2007 acquisition of Millbrook. To meet growing consumer demand, lower transportation costs, enter new geographic markets and provide enough capacity to grow for several years, we also continued strategic plans to expand our distribution infrastructure. Additionally, we enhanced UNFI’s already strong management team to help us achieve our long-term growth objectives. As a result, we are well positioned for continued success in fiscal 2009 and beyond.
Solid Financial Performance
Net sales for fiscal 2008 totaled a record $3.37 billion, an increase of 22.2% from the prior year. Even with a sluggish economy, we experienced an incremental improvement, year-over-year, in percentage sales increases during every fiscal 2008 quarter. We also achieved solid growth in each of our four major business channels, demonstrating that UNFI is strategically positioned throughout the industry and not dependent on any one channel. For 2008, this included 13% growth among our independent natural products retailers, 7% increase within the supernatural channel, 69% supermarket channel growth and a 40% rise in the foodservice segment.
Attaining this performance in a difficult economic environment is testimony to UNFI’s Associates, our commitment to long-term customer relationships and strong industry fundamentals driven by consumer concerns about food safety, the environment as well as the desire for a healthier lifestyle.
Operating income decreased slightly to $92.5 million, and net income totaled $48.5 million, or $1.13 per diluted share, for fiscal 2008. During the year, we realized higher operating expenses due to increased fuel costs, the
integration of Millbrook and $6.3 million in labor and start-up expenses related to several new distribution facilities. Timely capital investments are critical to positioning ourselves for future capacity and, once these initiatives are accomplished, we expect to realize greater operating efficiencies, lower fuel consumption and reduced CO2 emissions.
Expanding our Market Opportunity
In November 2007, we acquired Millbrook, a full-line distributor with a specialty foods business consisting of a full-line of national and branded products including ethnic, kosher, gourmet and imported items. Millbrook also supplies a wide variety of nonfood products, including health and beauty care, cosmetics and general merchandise to various retail channels, as many retailers look for a single source of supply for items that require specialized handling.
There is still work to be done integrating the Millbrook business, but productivity is improving and we believe Millbrook is positioned for growth during 2009. As a division of UNFI, and the foundation of our recently- created Specialty Foods Division, Millbrook will have the resources to grow its current customer base as well as expand sales to existing accounts. These resources include the addition of UNFI’s distribution centers, access to UNFI’s natural and organic product assortment and expertise, and the financial support Millbrook needs to achieve our goal to grow the Specialty Food portion of our business. At the same time, Millbrook has extended the scale of our distribution network as well as our customer base, including mass merchandisers, independents, chain drug stores and conventional supermarkets.
During the year, we continued to expand our Blue Marble branded division, realizing sales growth of 56% over last year, driven by strength in existing brands as well as new brand acquisitions. Our approach is to bring accretive, value added products to UNFI’s branded portfolio.
   2
expanding our horizons

Positioned to Meet Ongoing Demand
As we grow, we continue to expand our distribution infrastructure and fine-tune our operations. These investments allow us to accommodate increasing consumer demand, expand our capacity to handle more products, build our dollars per delivery, enhance efficiencies, drive fewer miles and improve productivity through “best in class” warehousing and inventory control systems. Additionally, by expanding our network we not only established a distribution network that is “second to none” in the industry, we also built a comprehensive national footprint which will allow us to grow for several years with minimal additional capital.
Over the last twelve months, we proceeded with strategic plans to add several new facilities. These included a new 237,000 square foot, state-of-the-art distribution center in Ridgefield, WA that serves as a regional distribution hub for customers in Portland, OR and other Northwest states, and a new 352,000 square foot distribution facility in Sarasota, FL, that serves as a distribution hub for customers in Florida and the Caribbean.
In total, we’ve increased our distribution network 3.8 million square feet since 2002 to 5.8 million square feet and during fiscal 2009 expect to add an additional 1.3 million square feet of space. Our expansion plans include a new 613,000 square foot facility in Moreno Valley, CA, that opened in September 2008. Strategically located in Southern California’s Inland Empire distribution hub, the center is our largest distribution center in the Western Region.
Committed to enhancing customer service levels in the Mid-Atlantic, we have a 675,000 square foot distribution facility in York, PA currently under construction that, once it opens in early 2009, will be the largest distribution facility in our nationwide network. Additionally, in the spring of 2009, we will relocate our corporate headquarters from Dayville, CT to a Providence, RI mixed-use project called American Locomotives Work. The site will enable us to consolidate corporate functions into one building, meet further growth needs and extend our sustainable initiative commitment, including pursuing the use of alternative energy as well as LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) certification.
Further out, we are excited about our plans to establish a footprint in Texas towards the end of fiscal 2009, which will also help us reduce the miles we are traveling and lower operating costs.
We continue to seek ways to both improve service levels to customers and implement “best in class” warehousing and inventory control systems, including state-of-the-art “Pick-to-Voice” order fulfillment system, in some of our distribution centers. The infrastructure investments in our nationwide distribution network will ultimately allow us to achieve even higher levels of operating efficiencies, lower our operating costs, improve selection accuracy and provide customers with enhanced product diversity.
Sustainable Practices
Steady growth is a signal of a well-managed business operation, and in these endeavors, environmental and social stewardship is an essential business process. In recent years, UNFI has taken important steps in that direction, including assigning corporate leadership to researching and implementing sustainable programs; engaging constituents in stewardship efforts through education and communication; adopting “green” business practices nationwide throughout the organization; reducing the output of construction emissions by complying with the United States Green Building Council requirements on future building efforts; increasing energy efficiency by participating in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s SmartWay Transportation Partnership; and minimizing consumption of non-renewable resources used in our facilities.
We’re also actively leveraging solar power as a reliable and efficient alternative means of electricity. In October 2007, we installed a 1.19 megawatt solar power system in the roof of our Rocklin, CA distribution facility. It is expected to reduce CO2 emissions by 460 metric tons annually and will provide an estimated average of 1.5 million kilowatts of clean energy, roughly the equivalent of powering 140 American households for a year. Two months later, we launched a 550 kilowatt system in Dayville, CT that is currently the largest solar power system in New England and is expected to generate 600,000 kilowatt hours of clean energy annually, enough to power more than 67 average New England homes for one year. Additionally, our Ridgefield, WA facility is LEED-certified, built primarily with renewable, non- harmful materials.
Recognition of our practices came at the end of the year when UNFI received a Sustainability Excellence Award from Supermarket News for our major solar power deployments, LEED-certified distribution centers and our overall commitment to conservation and energy savings. We are pleased that UNFI has a strong
   United Natural Foods, Inc. • Annual Report 2008 3

reputation for sustainability and look forward to rolling out new environmentally focused initiatives for many years to come.
Long-Term Operational Strength
United Natural Foods objectives, results and overall performance are only as good as our Associates and, to ensure our long-term success, we continued to increase the depth and scope of our team. As part of the ongoing commitment, we were pleased to announce in September 2008 that Steven Spinner was appointed our new President and CEO.
Steve worked for 23 years building Performance Food Group to be the 3rd largest foodservice distributor in the nation and growing its sales to over $6 billion. Just as important, Steven shares our values and mission, is committed to integrity and ethics, and running a business for the long term best interests of our customers, employees and shareholders.
We believe his extensive experience will enable UNFI to further enhance and expand our market leadership position and makes him the right person to lead our Company through its next phase of growth.
As part of this transition, I will be taking over for Tom Simone as UNFI’s Chair of the Board of Directors. Tom will continue to provide invaluable counsel as Vice Chair and Lead Independent Director. I plan on remaining active in the business, assisting in setting the Company’s strategic goals and objectives, maintaining customer and supplier relationships, and continuing to drive our sustainability and industry initiatives.
Looking Ahead
With Steve joining our dedicated Associates and the Company strategically positioned to capitalize on the investments we’ve made, United Natural Foods is poised to go to the next level.
We will continue strategic plans to emphasize expansion and diversification of our customer base, expanding operating margin, building our branded business, driving our sustainability initiatives, building our leadership in the natural and specialty food categories and seeking areas for continued profitable growth. It is through these initiatives we’ll achieve our strategic goals and create long-term value for our shareholders.
Steve and I would like to extend our thanks to all UNFI Associates for their continued dedication and strong work ethic. We would also like to thank our customers for their continued support and our fellow shareholders for their continued trust placed in United Natural Foods.
Sincerely,
Michael S. Funk
Chair of the Board
Steven L. Spinner
President and Chief Executive Officer
      4
expanding our horizons
