A letter to all our constituencies
Our Customers, our Suppliers, our Associates and our Shareholders

Fiscal 2006 proved to be an outstanding year of growth and accomplishment for United Natural Foods. We achieved record sales and profits, exceeded our financial targets and finished the year positioned for continued growth and success. We increased revenues throughout all of our primary distribution channels, realizing net sales of $2.43 billion, an 18% increase from the prior year. This growth continues to be double that of the natural products industry and underscores our commitment to fulfilling the highest standards for quality, consistency, product assortments, dependability and integrity in our business and personal relationships. We also improved our operating expenses over fiscal 2005, despite higher fuel and energy costs as well as expenses related to the adoption of share-based compensation. Net income, excluding special items, increased 10.5% to $46.1 million, or $1.09 per diluted share. Opportunities for continued efficiencies in our distribution network continue to be identified as we implement new technologies, leverage our size and map out new facilities, which will reduce the miles driven by our fleet. Operationally, we increased our market share while continuing to broaden our customer base. We continued to successfully expand into the foodservice sector, which includes colleges, universities, schools, hospitals and restaurants. These efforts are highlighted by our partnerships with leading foodservice providers including Aramark, Sodexho and MedAssets. In September 2006, we announced a new seven-year agreement to continue to serve as the primary wholesale natural food distributor to Whole Foods Market. This commitment is a natural progression of our long-term relationship with Whole Foods and demonstrates our dedication to helping all of our customers achieve success in their marketplace by providing the highest quality product assortments and value added support services. To better serve our customers, we continuously evaluate potential new United Natural Brands products based on existing and

anticipated trends in consumer preferences and buying efforts. This past year, our United Natural Brands division added new staff to take advantage of growth opportunities in this area and, reflective of our efforts, increased brand sales approximately 50% or to 3.3% of total revenues. We are poised to increase this division's revenues to 5% of total sales by the end of fiscal 2008 and we will continue to allocate resources to achieve this objective. During the year, we were selected by Fortune as one of its "Most Admired Companies" and by Business Ethics as one of its "100 Best Corporate Citizens." This recognition highlights our deep commitment to actively support social and environmental initiatives including environmental conservation and protection, the promotion of sustainable agriculture and upholding social responsibility throughout all of our business initiatives. Our strong 2006 performance was the result of our proven business strategy, a disciplined approach to our corporate philosophy, mission and culture, the strength of our markets, the quality of our Associates and our continuing commitment to excel in the distribution of natural and organic foods. We believe our success is sustainable as healthy lifestyle trends and robust consumer demand for natural and organic products continue to drive strong industry growth. According to research published by The Natural Foods Merchandiser, American shoppers spent more than $51 billion on natural and organic products in 2005, an increase of over 9.1% from 2004. (Notably, sales of natural products increased 9.1% across all retail and direct-toconsumer sales channels and approximately 81% of sales came from the natural retailing and mass-market channels.) Also, for the first time since 1999, natural product retailers saw double digit growth at 10.9% to $25.5 billion in sales (in natural products stores, food sales grew 12.1%). All but one of the food categories tracked had double-digit growth.

2

UNITED NATURAL FOODS

INVESTING IN OUR FACILITIES, EQUIPMENT AND TECHNOLOGIES
These trends bode well for our customers and to meet this growing consumer demand, we are vigorously pursuing a strategy to invest in our facilities, equipment and technologies. Our continued growth has created the need to open new facilities and expand existing facilities. In October 2005, we opened a new 487,000 square foot Rocklin, California distribution center and moved our Auburn, California operations to this facility. The Rocklin distribution center is the largest facility in our nationwide distribution network and serves as a distribution hub for customers in northern California and surrounding states. We also expanded our Midwest operations by opening a new 311,000 square foot distribution center in Greenwood, Indiana in August 2005, which serves as a distribution hub for our customers in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio and other Midwest states. With the opening of these facilities, we have added approximately 1,900,000 square feet to our distribution centers since fiscal 2001, representing a 124% increase in our distribution capacity. In August of 2006 we announced plans to construct new facilities in Florida, Texas and the Pacific Northwest in the next 18 to 24 months. These new distribution centers are expected to create new sales opportunities and improved service capabilities to those areas of the country as well as provide lower transportation costs to customers. In addition to assuring we have adequate space for our needs, a critical component of our industry leading customer service levels is attributable to our commitment to having "best in class" warehousing and inventory control systems. To further improve efficiencies, we recently announced plans to install "Pick-to-Light" and "Pick-to-Voice" order fulfillment systems in two distribution centers in early 2007. We are confident that, when rolled out nationally, we'll recognize significant recurring operational savings based on gains in productivity, increased order selecting accuracy,

elimination of paperwork and printing costs, as well as reduced training time for new product selector Associates by as much as 50%. Once we have the initial installations integrated, we plan on installing these systems into one distribution center per quarter until the new program is complete throughout all of our facilities nationwide.

LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT
United Natural Foods' focused commitment to the long-term success of its customers requires the ongoing Leadership Development of Associates who will become future leaders of the organization. We look to grow and promote our people from within our organization and reflecting that commitment, several individuals were recently promoted at the corporate level including: Richard "Rick" Antonelli was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and President of Distribution; Mark Shamber, Vice President and Corporate Controller, was promoted to Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Daniel Atwood was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer and President of United Natural Brands; Michael Beaudry was promoted to President of the Eastern Region; Thomas Dziki was promoted to National Vice President, Real Estate and Construction; Nathan Crowell was promoted to Vice President of Purchasing/Trade Marketing for United Natural Brands; Carl Koch was promoted to Vice President, Risk and

2006 ANNUAL REPORT

3

Compliance; Shawn Mitchell was promoted to Vice President of Operations, Eastern Region; and Lisa N'Chonon was promoted to Corporate Controller. We also welcomed back several former Associates including Kevin Michel, who rejoined the organization as Western Region Vice President of Finance; Michael Michel rejoined United Natural Foods as Western Region Vice President of Operations; and John Raiche rejoined the Company as National Vice President of Marketing. We also recruited top talent from outside the organization including Randy Lindberg, the former President and Chief Executive Officer of Nature's Best, who was appointed President of the Western Region; Tom Grillea hired as General Manager of Select Nutrition Distributors; and John Anthony hired as Vice President of Sales for United Natural Brands. Each of these individuals complements and augments our existing team of Associates and comprises one of the most knowledgeable teams in the industry. Each executive offers a wealth of valuable skills and professional as well as industry experience that has created, and will continue to support, the significant growth we see in front of us. Additionally, a majority of the Company's Board of Directors is comprised of independent directors whose varied backgrounds encompass a broad range of relevant experience. We are pleased to note that during 2006, Thomas B. Simone was elected Chair of the Board of Directors. Mr. Simone has served as Lead Indepen-

dent Director since December 2003 and a member of the Board of Directors since December 1996. He was previously Chair from 1999 to 2002.

THE FUTURE
During the past year, we have made great progress in achieving our strategic objectives and, as we look to the future, we are focused on growing our business by expanding our customer base, increasing our share from existing customers, expanding existing market areas and extending our presence into new channels and geographic areas. We look forward to the future with enthusiasm and confidence as we plan to expand United Natural Foods' corporate market value through internal growth and opportunistic acquisitions. We are confident the Company is making the right investments in people and our infrastructure to continue long-term, sustainable growth. Management is dedicated to achieving superior financial performance, delivering long-term returns for shareholders and providing outstanding quality and value to our customers. We also have a deep commitment to social responsibility and continue to take a leadership role in community involvement and supporting the integrity of the natural and organic foods industry. We thank our shareholders for their continuing support and our customers for their loyalty. The people of United Natural Foods are the key ingredient in our results, and they will be the driving force in our future success. We extend our appreciation to all Associates for their continued commitment, hard work and dedicated service. Thanks are also due to the Board of Directors for their active involvement and guidance. Sincerely,

Thomas B. Simone Chair of the Board
thomas simone and michael funk

Michael S. Funk President and Chief Executive Officer

4

UNITED NATURAL FOODS

