A letter to all our constituencies
Our Customers, our Suppliers, our Associates and our Shareholders
We are grateful for your confidence in our organization and are pleased to report another successful year for United Natural Foods. We executed on our business strategies, we set records in many key operating and financial measures, we committed to environmental stewardship and to help people live healthy lives and we pursued opportunities to reduce our environmental footprint. UNFI has set in place a platform for future growth.

We have the broadest product offering in the natural products industry, with over 40,000 high-quality natural and organic products, and continue to lead the industry with the strongest fulfillment rates and on-time deliveries.

From a financial standpoint, the Company achieved record sales and earnings, while also implementing initiatives to capitalize on new opportunities for growth. Total sales for fiscal 2007 expanded to a record $2.75 billion, an increase of 13.2% when compared with $2.43 billion recorded in fiscal 2006. Driven by a solid performance in all of our primary distribution channels, our revenue growth continued to be more than double that of the natural products industry overall and represents a five-year compound annual growth rate of 18.6%. Focused on driving efficiencies we are pleased to note that our operating expenses, as a percentage of net sales, decreased to 15.1% for fiscal 2007 from 15.9% last year. Our net income grew as well, increasing 16% to $50.2 million, or $1.17 per diluted share. These results are driven by our long-standing tradition to provide all of our customers with unsurpassed quality, value and service. As demand for organic and natural products continues to escalate, we are taking advantage of new opportunities to diversify revenues and widen our presence both domestically and internationally. We have the broadest product offering in the natural products industry, with over 40,000 high-quality natural and organic products, and continue to lead the industry with the strongest fulfillment rates and on-time deliveries, exceeding 97.5% and 98% respectively. We are also currently distributing to over 20 countries worldwide. Through this unmatched distribution, United Natural Foods has been able to continue building share with existing customers. During the year, the Company signed a new seven-year agreement to continue to serve as the primary natural foods distributor to Whole Foods Market (Nasdaq: WFMI) and further expanded our foodservice customer base representing colleges, universities, schools, hospitals and restaurants across the United States. We've also continued to expand share with conventional supermarkets and, to further drive growth in this business segment, we signed a definitive agreement on October 5, 2007 to acquire Millbrook Distribution Services Inc. Established in 1960, Millbrook is a full-line distributor with a substantial specialty food business consisting of ethnic, kosher, gourmet, organic and natural food. They also distribute an extensive selection of health and beauty care items, including a full-line of national and branded products. The proposed transaction is expected to close in early November 2007 and, in addition to establishing an immediate market share in the

4

UNITED NATURAL FOODS

fast-growing Specialty Foods market, Millbrook will extend the breadth, scale and capabilities of our distribution network. In our core independent natural products channel, we remain strongly focused on enhancing the deep, long-standing relationships we've developed with retailers across the United States. Independents are an integral foundation of our business and we're deeply committed to exceeding their needs and expectations. Our United Natural Brands division also had an active year. We successfully moved ahead with our strategy to offer customers a growing portfolio of branded products. Sales increased approximately 24% within this unit during the year, driven by growth of existing brands and new acquisitions completed towards the end of fiscal 2007. Our goal is to continue to profitably grow this division and achieve a branded sales run-rate of 5% of total UNFI revenues, by the fiscal 2008 fourth quarter.

We also became members of the U.S. Green Building Council in 2006 and have submitted our new Ridgefield, WA distribution center near Portland, OR for Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ("LEED") Silver Certification. LEED promotes a whole-building approach to sustainability by recognizing performance in five key areas of human and environmental health: sustainable site development, water savings, energy efficiency, materials selection, and indoor environmental quality. Our goal is to apply the innovative building strategies learned from LEED on all new projects going forward. These are just a few examples of the Company's many Green Initiatives; however they clearly show our overall dedication to environmental sustainability and stewardship of the land. To demonstrate our commitment and unite all of our existing sustainability practices, Thomas A. Dziki was recently promoted to the newly created position of Vice President of Sustainable Development. As a sustainable business, we look forward to rolling out new environmentally focused initiatives from many years to come.

Enhancing Environmentally Sustainable Practices
While we are pleased that our growth strategies and key investments have delivered a significant contribution to our results, our accomplishments go well beyond our financials. United Natural Foods is keenly focused on environmental and social responsibilities and our entire organization is taking action to make a significant contribution in the communities we serve. During this past summer, we installed a 1.19 megawatt solar power system that covers over four acres of rooftop at our Rocklin, CA distribution facility. It is expected to reduce CO2 emissions by 460 metric tons annually and will provide an estimated average of 1.5 million kilowatts of clean energy, or roughly the equivalent of powering 140 average American households for a year. We are also in the process of installing solar power at our Dayville, CT distribution facility which, once completed, is expected to generate more than 1 million kWh of clean energy annually. Focused on increasing energy efficiency and reducing greenhouse gases and fuel costs, we became strategic partners with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's SmartWay Transport Partnership during 2006. We have a commitment to rolling out this program nationally, which has dramatically reduced over 14,200 metric tons of CO2 emissions from our Eastern Region truck fleet during 2006. Additionally, our transportation departments are working on developing alternative fuels, namely sustainably produced bio-diesel, to power our fleet of trucks nationwide over the next few years. In September 2007, we opened a new 393,000 square foot distribution facility in Sarasota, FL and expect to open a new 258,000 square foot state-of-the-art distribution center near Portland, OR in December. In addition to creating approximately 375 new jobs and enhancing customer service levels in the Southeast and Pacific Northwest, these facilities are expected to lower operating costs as well as reduce greenhouse gases, CO2 emissions and fuel consumption as we lessen the annual miles our trucks travel in those regions.

Greatest Asset is Our People
Recognizing that our greatest asset is our people, we have continued our long-standing policy of growing and promoting from within our organization, attracting the best talent and creating a nurturing work environment for all employees. While there are many more individuals who deserve recognition within our organization than we have space available, during the past year, several Associates were promoted at the corporate level. These include John Hochuli, Vice President Operations of United Natural Brands; Lisa N'Chonon, CPA, to Corporate Controller and Mark E. Shamber to Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Additionally, Catherine Burke was hired as Director of Internal Audit; Kurt Luttecke was hired as President of Albert's Organics; Michael Marrotte was hired as Vice President of Eastern Region Sales and Gloria Tzintzun was hired as Western Region Vice President of Human Resources. We are also pleased to note the appointment of Peter Roy to the Company's Board of Directors. Peter brings over three decades of experience and significant business relationships in the healthy lifestyles industry. His appointment increased the total number of Company directors to eight, of which six are independent directors.

The Road Ahead--Extending our Industry Leadership
Looking ahead, our Company is excited about its future prospects. To extend our industry leadership and ensure we have the size and resources to compete in a growing international market, we will continue to strategically invest resources in a disciplined manner to provide the best possible return to our shareholders. We are proceeding with plans to expand our distribution infrastructure to accommodate growing consumer demand, to penetrate new markets and lower transportation costs. We've added approximately 1.9 million square feet to our distribution centers since 2002,

2007 ANNUAL REPORT

5

representing a 100% increase in our distribution capacity, and areas for new distribution centers over the next 12 to 18 months include the facility near Portland, OR, as well as planned facilities in the mid-Atlantic, Southern California and Texas. We are also constantly seeking ways to improve service levels to customers in all areas of our business and have initiated efforts to implement "best in class" warehousing and inventory control systems as well as state-of-the-art technologies including "Pick-to-Voice" and "Pick-to-Light" order fulfillment systems. Designed to leverage efficiencies, reduce error rates and lower operating expenses in our distribution network, we look forward to integrating these new technologies into our distribution centers over the coming years. In summary, we will continue to drive our financial strategy to maximize shareholder value and generate strong cash flows. We are committed to diversifying revenues and delivering industry-leading service levels to all our customer channels. At the same time, we are pursuing opportunities to reduce expenses across the entire organization by leveraging our sales base and continuing to improve sales volume per delivery. Finally, we want to personally thank our Associates, our Executive team and the Board of Directors for their hard work and dedication. We also want to thank our customers and suppliers for their continued support and our shareholders for their belief that the resources we are investing in our Company will benefit us well into the future.
Sincerely,

Michael S. Funk President and Chief Executive Officer

Thomas B. Simone Chair of the Board

6

UNITED NATURAL FOODS

