Dear Shareholder:
In 2011, the people of UnitedHealth Group, Optum and UnitedHealthcare again delivered sound operational and financial performance — distinctive in the consistency of their execution, the breadth and depth of both top line and bottom line growth, and in the diversity of their efforts across the health care landscape. The hard work and creativity of our people is steadily advancing the quality and value this enterprise delivers to those we serve and those who invest in us.
today, there are almost 100,000 deeply committed, talented and resourceful people who work across this enterprise to achieve this level of performance and to position us for an even more positive future. this letter is one of the few public opportunities to recognize and thank all of them for these efforts.
at this point, annual report convention dictates we launch into several pages about that strong 2011 performance and the distinctive attributes of this enterprise. make no mistake, we grew and performed well, and our differentiating value advanced meaningfully. but, our thinking
Table of ConTenTs
letter to Shareholders.......(Inside front cover) executive Summary ..................................... 2 company overview................................... 12 Health benefits ......................................... 14 Health Services.......................................... 16 Foundations.............................................. 18 mission and culture..................................19 executive officers, leaders & Directors ...... 20 Form 10-k ................................................ 21 Investor Information..........(Inside back cover)
and energies have long since turned from 2011 and are fully engaged with 2012 and 2013. So what feels right to do as we strive toward higher levels of performance in 2012 is to renew with you some core commitments shared and acted on every day by the people of this enterprise that drive our performance regardless of the year.
We remain committed to our mission to society at large and to our role within the health care community. our mission is to help people live healthier lives. our role is to make the health care system work better for everyone.
• We are committed to integrity and ethical behavior in everything we do and to high standards of corporate governance.
• We are committed to accountability in performance. this means relentless execution on the fundamentals and in the details of everything we do, so the expectations of those we serve
and those we work with across the health care system are consistently met and exceeded.
• We are committed to innovation in everything we touch — practical innovation that benefits customers, consumers and the health care community. our efforts are focused on advancing and modernizing the health care system in both
 
large and small ways, conserving its resources and helping the system serve more americans more effectively, more consistently and at lower cost.
• We are committed to working collaboratively
with all participants in the broad health care community. We are building honest, substantive and trustworthy relationships as a foundation for collaboration and shared efforts to create
a better, more open and modern health care system than the one we all inherited.
• We are committed to serving people. the very human nature of both the social marketplace and the health care needs we address require a much higher commitment to compassion than what is required of other commercial endeavors. compassion must be at the center of everything we do.
each year, these commitments take root more deeply into the culture and character of this enterprise. our culture is built on commonly shared beliefs and values and brought to
life in the attributes, the actions and the behaviors we honor and reward.
We believe we can play an integral, enabling
role in addressing some of society’s greatest challenges in health care, today and in the future.
• We are committed to building businesses. that’s who we are — people with proven skills, deep experience and insights who serve and advocate daily for an ever better health care system.
We put private capital and talented people to work to achieve that goal in a manner that is accountable to society and our shareholders. We draw upon the creative and competitive strength of the open market to support our efforts. We use private sector capital to grow and advance in sustainable and profitable ways, based
on the quality and consistency of the work we do, the trust we earn and the ever-improving value we deliver to those we serve, providing a distinctive return on capital to those who invest. We believe we can play an integral, enabling
role in addressing some of society’s greatest challenges in health care, today and in the future.
today, we reflect less on
past accomplishments and focus more on the challenges and opportunities before us. We can make a difference. We can help people live healthier lives. We can help make the health care system work better for everyone. We can grow and advance in profitable ways to provide distinctive returns on the capital entrusted to us. and in achieving these things, we can help address some of the broader social challenges
of health care that have prevailed for too long.
Sincerely,
Steve Hemsley
President and chief executive officer
UNITEDHEALTH GROUP 1
             