 Rick McKenney
President and
Chief Executive Officer
 “In 2016, we capitalized on opportunities to further expand our reach and achieved year-over-year growth in a number of areas. In short, it was a year of precise execution for us.”
To Our Shareholders, Customers and Colleagues:
I began last year’s annual letter with one word: Opportunity.
This year, I’m relying on two words to capture the essence of what we achieved in 2016 — and our mindset as we move forward:
Disciplined growth.
In 2016, we capitalized on opportunities to further expand our reach and achieved year-over-year growth in a number of areas. In short, it was a year of precise execution for us. We delivered on our promises to customers and shareholders, while continuing to build on the strong Unum brand — all the more impressive given the difficult environment in which we operated.
In spite of continued low interest rates and economic uncertainty, we grew our business in a disciplined manner by expanding our reach to new customers and deepening our relationships with those that already see us as a partner.
The result was one of the best years in our company’s history.
Our mission now is to build on this progress and capitalize on the strong growth mindset that has taken hold at Unum. Although much of the uncertainty from last year continues, we entered 2017 with strong momentum and remain intensely focused on the disciplined execution of our business plan — and on serving the needs of more than 35 million workers and their families throughout the U.S. and U.K.
Working in a business built on helping people prepare for the unexpected means we have a responsibility to anticipate and prepare for what others may not see coming. That’s why we will continue to align our 10,000 outstanding team members to address the shifting market conditions in ways that drive growth, deliver shareholder value, and serve our customers.
2016 — A Growth Story
By any measure, last year was a very good one for Unum. We stuck to our game plan and remained focused on our priorities, executing effectively across our businesses — all of which translated to real, measurable growth.
         7
  
 Consider these performance milestones in 2016:
• Record net income per share of $3.95.
• Record operating earnings per share of $3.92, an increase of nearly 8 percent over 2015 and the eleventh consecutive year of operating EPS growth.
• Record revenues of $11 billion.
• Record premium levels for our U.S.-based businesses.
We’ve successfully raised the bar on performance across the board as each of our core business segments — Unum US, Colonial Life and Unum UK — showed year-over-year growth in before-tax operating income.
Among the most important factors in our growth story are
the underlying fundamentals of our business. Our disciplined approach to managing risk is built on realistic pricing strategies combined with customer-centric claims management and a prudent investment approach. While our industry often looks
to price as a basis of competition, our continued growth and high persistency rates demonstrate that customers additionally value our industry expertise, service commitment, and relevant employee benefits offerings. We have a winning combination that offers a compelling value proposition for customers,
and a strong-margin business that ultimately translates to shareholder value.
In 2016, we continued to maintain our solid balance sheet
while generating excess capital. This provided opportunities
to deploy capital in multiple ways, including making a strategic acquisition and reinvesting in our business to support organic growth. We also put our capital to work with approximately $400 million in share repurchases, and affirmed our commitment to return value to our shareholders with an 8-percent increase
in our dividend.
Key to this progress has been our consistent execution in a challenging, albeit somewhat improving, environment. While a better interest-rate trend and an improving economy have tempered the headwinds we face, conditions certainly still have not returned to historical norms.
Expanding our portfolio
As with National Dental Plan in the U.K. in 2015, the acquisition of Starmount Life last year was a key component of our growth strategy. We see strong demand for dental and vision insurance, and Starmount provides the foundation for us in the important U.S. market. Strategically expanding our benefits portfolio with dental and vision provides Unum with a couple of key advantages. For prospective customers, these products provide a cost-effective entry point to the full suite of Unum benefits. For our existing customers, this acquisition allows us to deepen our relationships and add greater value by offering new coverage options.
Strengthening our franchise through strategic acquisitions will be an important avenue for us. At the same time, we’re hard at work developing new product
and service offerings.
Creating new products, enhancing existing offerings, and finding new ways to create great customer experiences ensure that we remain at the forefront of the employee benefits market. This work helps to emphasize a key differentiator for Unum: Delivering benefits at the workplace is our sole business. That focus sets us apart from many of our competitors. It is also a key reason we achieve exceptionally strong approval ratings, with a 96 percent positive reputation rating among customers and brokers.
  Operating Earnings Per Share*
$3.92 $3.51 $3.64
$3.13 $3.28
12 13 14 15 16
        Book Value Per Share (Excludes AOCI)*
$39.24 $35.90
12 13 14 15 16
  $32.25 $33.12 $29.52
     8
* These terms are non-GAAP financial measures we use in analyzing performance. Refer to Financial Review section for further information.

 Annual Dividend Per Share
$0.770 $0.700
$0.620 $0.550
$0.470 $0.395
$0.315 $0.350
09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
          Protecting the workforce of the future
One lesson this business teaches us time and again is that we do not operate in a vacuum. The societal and workplace changes that affect our customers have a continuous ripple effect on how we do business. Several trends are emerging that present considerable opportunity for those committed to understanding and responding to the changes.
The most apparent and impactful shift is the evolving relationship between employers and employees when it comes to benefits. Traditionally, employers have provided a standard, across-the-board benefit package and assumed most of the cost. While this is still true for employers looking to deliver a high value proposition for their employees, the new model that has developed features more shared financial responsibility. This can also include more options and flexi- bility for employees in terms of types of coverage and price points. Despite this shift, we are finding that the core model of providing benefits in the workplace continues to be the approach preferred
by employers, and expected by employees.
Additionally, while the “gig economy” of on-demand, temporary workers might capture headlines and is a trend we watch, it is still
an outlier as a business framework in the U.S. and U.K. For the vast majority of companies, the traditional employer-employee relationship remains largely intact. As we see more and more of the responsibility for funding shifting to employees, the need for the benefits we offer has never been greater. Many families aren’t financially prepared for the impact of missed work or emergency and unexpected expenses. Even those with some type of back-up plan may face gaps in their financial protection.
  Growing through the dental and vision market
Dental insurance is one of the most popular workplace benefits, with vision insurance not far behind. And it’s a good fit for our portfolio. Several years ago, we began exploring the U.S. market through partnerships with existing carriers, and saw sales of $43 million in 2015, showing us the potential for growth.
Our acquisition of National Dental Plan in the U.K. that year, and Starmount Life in the U.S. in 2016, has provided us with a clear path for growth. We believe our strong brands and complementary products, coupled with the size and scale of our distribution footprint, will grow our dental business more than tenfold in five years.
Through the Starmount platform, we introduced dental and vision products under the Unum brand in 2017 and will debut similar products through the Colonial Life brand in 2018. Expanding with dental and vision provides us with several key advantages. These products provide new customers a cost-effective entry point to the full suite of our benefits. For existing customers, dental and vision adds greater value through new coverage options and allows us to deepen our relationships with them. Just as importantly, these latest additions to our benefits portfolio provide an opportunity to build meaningful relationships with consumers.
Unum 2016 Annual Report 9
 
 Across our company, we are all focused on the meaningful work of delivering financial protection to individuals and families when they need it most.
We know the chances of disability are significant: About one in four U.S. workers between 20 and 50 years old will be disabled before they reach 67. At the same time, 40 percent of families live paycheck- to-paycheck, and half would have trouble coming up with the money to cover a $2,000 emergency. And most striking of all, 70 percent of those workers lack disability protection.
When you consider these facts together, you can understand the real need that we are seeking to address.
To fill the void, we have invested heavily in understanding the best potential coverage options for employees in different life stages, as well as educational tools and resources to help reach these individuals as they make decisions about benefits.
In conjunction with this evolving employer-employee benefits relationship is another trend driving change: the multi-generational workforce. For the first time in history, we are seeing four generations simultaneously in the workplace. Baby Boomers are working longer than their parents did, and are now working side-by-side with Millennials and even “Gen Z,” those individuals who are just starting their careers. It goes without saying that the insurance needs of someone who is 28 clearly differ from a coworker who is, say, 58.
From our perspective, this trend affirms our true purpose: providing financial security and peace of mind for an increasingly diverse workforce. It also demands that we push beyond the one-size-fits-all model and be certain our offerings are valuable for workers in any stage of their careers. That’s important for our customers, for our business, and ultimately for you, our shareholders.
We are Unum
As we track and respond to these external trends, we are also focused on continuing to ensure that our own workforce has the tools, technology and training to exceed customer expectations and achieve our business goals.
While we have always valued our people as our most essential asset, in 2016 we spent considerable time making sure we were fully leveraging the strengths of our corporate culture. To that end, we revisited our core values and guiding principles to develop “We Are Unum,” which describes the relationship between our people and the company in meaningful ways. In short, our goal is to help employees understand what the company expects them to bring to work every day beyond briefcases and backpacks—and what they can expect in return. We are aligned around the reality that the work we do helps people when they need it most, and that inspires all of us.
We Are Unum is a living document that helps define our culture and strengthen employee engagement and commitment. One focus — a collaborative work environment — is supported by a companywide initiative to redesign our workspaces so they encourage and facilitate interaction. We think the changes will generate better ideas and solutions and enhance productivity — but most importantly, they’ll enable us to serve our customers even better.
We also understand the benefits of building a more diverse workforce. While we are proud of the progress we’ve made in this area, we recognize that we still have work to do to build a culture of inclusion where everyone’s ideas are heard. It’s also a business imperative as we look to mirror our customer base and serve an increasingly diverse workforce throughout both the U.S. and U.K.
Like many companies, we know this is a journey without a final destination. But every step we take will make us a stronger company.
  Delivering Strong Shareholder Returns
24.86% 11.96%
 35.13%
21.64%
    One-Year Total Shareholder Return (TSR)
UNUM
PROXY PEER GROUP
S&P 500
S&P LIFE & HEALTH INDEX
     10
 
  10-Year Indexed Performance
200% UNUM
PROXY PEER GROUP
    150% 100% 50% 0% -50%
S&P 500
S&P LIFE & HEALTH INDEX
153.66%
95.72% 75.69%
47.10%
  06 07 08 09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
 Focused Execution
As 2017 advances, it is clear that we are moving forward with an emphasis on disciplined growth at Unum — not just for this year but for many years to come.
It is also clear, however, that uncertainties remain. We operate at
a time of major political and economic change on both sides of the Atlantic. In the U.S., the new administration is advocating a number of regulatory reforms, while in the U.K., Brexit has spawned considerable economic uncertainty.
Undoubtedly, changes driven by Washington, D.C., and London will provide Unum and our customers with many challenges. But this disruption also offers us some opportunities.
We are approaching our work with optimism as external factors are aligning in ways that could benefit our business. For instance, the Federal Reserve’s recent bump in interest rates may mark the start of a move toward gradual but continued increases. After nearly a decade in which interest rates hovered at historic lows, more normalized rates would provide a welcome boost to our industry.
Within Unum, we have strong alignment across our leadership ranks and deep engagement among our employees, who are committed to achieving our business goals and providing exceptional service to our customers.
We remain confident that our actions to position Unum for long-term growth will reap benefits in the years to come.
As we look forward, it is also important to remember how we got here. Critical to Unum’s current success has been the vision and steady hand of our chairman, Tom Watjen, who is retiring from our board of directors after completing a transition in board leadership that began two years ago. Tom was instrumental in shaping Unum during his tenure as CEO, and as chairman since 2015. As a member of our board for 15 years, his insights and experience have always proven invaluable.
I am pleased that Kevin Kabat, currently lead independent director and a valued member of our board since 2008, is succeeding Tom as chairman in May. Although we hate to say goodbye to Tom, our board is stronger today because of his influence, and I know that will continue under Kevin’s leadership.
On behalf of our employees and board of directors, I’d like to thank Tom for all he has done for Unum over the years and wish him the best in his well-deserved “full” retirement.
In closing, we appreciate the confidence our shareholders place in us, and we remain committed to operating and growing our business in ways that reward that confidence both now and well into the future.
           11
