                   To Our Stockholders, Customers and Colleagues
      In summary, 2008 was a good year for Unum. We accomplished what we said we would accom- plish, and we responded to the challenges of the economy by continuing to focus on serving our customers and adhering to the financial discipline that has served us so well these past several years.
Tom Watjen
2008 marked five full years since I became president and chief executive officer of Unum. During that time we have seen dramatic change, both at the company and, more recently, in the global economy.
Over these past five years, Unum has made significant strides forward. We have clarified our strategy and developed simple, focused plans to seize on the opportunities we see in the market. By consistently executing on our plans, we have diversified our business, significantly improved our operating results, strengthened our financial position, and resolved a number of legacy regulatory and legal issues, while at the same time establishing a culture of customer service, strict compliance, risk management and continuous improvement. In short, we are a very different and much stronger company today.
This required significant change – change that at the time was often painful for the company and our people. Looking back, though, the actions we have taken since 2003 have left us better positioned to weather what has become the worst financial crisis of our lifetime.
Through the efforts of our 10,000 employees in the United States and the United Kingdom, we have made solid progress in just about every area of the company. Although we ended the year in a very healthy financial position, I can assure you that our people are not complacent. The current environment presents some unique challenges (and opportunities) for our company and industry, and we can ill afford to relax. I know that given the challenges we have successfully faced in the past, we can overcome whatever hurdles lie ahead and capitalize on the opportunities that present themselves.
While this challenging economic environment has thus far had a very manageable impact on our results, it has nevertheless had a dramatic impact on our stock price, just as it has on other companies in our industry.
  2

                  Even though we continued to generate solid results throughout 2008, our stock price declined 21.8 percent for the year. While this decline was less than the market and significantly less than our industry peers, it’s still disappointing to see that the hard work of our people and the results we have generated are not yet recognized in the market. However, I’m confident that as we continue to generate solid results and the market environment improves, our stockholders will be rewarded.
A yeAr Of COnTInUed prOgreSS
Looking back on the past year, the result that I am most pleased with is the consistency and breadth of our performance, including:
• Each of our businesses continued to deliver strong operating results;
• Our investment portfolio has held up well in this environment; and
• We comfortably exceeded our targets for capital and liquidity, and in doing so maintained our financial flexibility.
This past year our operating businesses – Unum US, Unum UK and Colonial Life – produced operating income of nearly $1.3 billion, a 14.6 percent increase over 2007. Highlights included:
Unum US
Operating income for Unum US, our largest business and a longtime market leader in group benefits, reached $684 million for the year with continued improvement in the group disability, supplemental and voluntary lines.
Unum UK
Unum UK, the leader in disability insurance throughout Great Britain, reported operating income of $324 million, which was lower than a year ago, primarily due to the decline in the exchange rate of the British pound to the U.S. dollar. Aside from the exchange rate, the results were generally in line with our long-term expectations.
Colonial Life
Operating earnings at Colonial Life, a leading provider of voluntary benefits in the U.S., increased 9.1 percent to $268 million, continuing the strong level of profitability we’ve seen in this business over the last several years.
While 2008 presented our investment team with some very unique challenges, we were as prepared as we could have been for the “tsunami” that ensued, and I am very pleased with our performance this past year. Highlights include:
• Net investment income of $2.4 billion was generally flat with last year;
• The quality of our portfolio was unchanged, with the weighted-average credit quality remaining a very solid A2; and
• Our investment losses were well below our peers.
Never in my business career have financial strength and flexibility been more important than they are today. This past year we successfully completed a $700 million share repurchase and still closed the year well in excess of our capital guidelines. I am especially pleased to see that the credit rating agencies have recognized our improved operating and financial position by upgrading our credit rating or outlook. The actions we have taken to build a strong, flexible balance sheet should continue to serve us well in the future.
In summary, 2008 was a good year for Unum. We accomplished what we said we would accomplish, and we responded to the challenges of the economy by continuing to focus on serving our customers and adhering to the financial discipline that has served us so well these past several years. Clearly, this would not have been possible without all of our people staying focused on the business at hand. I am convinced that we have the best people and leadership team in the industry.
I feel confident that we have the business plan, determination and resources to successfully maneuver through this environment.
3

                  4
A yeAr Of greAT ChALLenge
(And OppOrTUnITy)
While the seeds of recovery are being sown and we are seeing some early signs of economic and market stabilization, it will clearly take time for confidence to be fully restored. We believe that we are well-positioned to support the needs of our customers, create value for our stockholders and continue to create a positive work environment for our employees – regardless of the economic environment.
Our business customers and their employees are certainly being impacted by the challenging economic environment both in the U.S. and the U.K. For this reason, supporting the ever-changing needs of our customers has never been more important. We must continue to provide the product and service solutions that meet their changing needs and remain the trusted partner that has been the foundation of our success in the past. In short, we must continue to do the things we have been doing. This is no time to slow our product development efforts or reduce our commitment to this business. Each of our businesses intends to continue to take the actions needed to build upon our market leadership.
I can assure our customers that we will not get distracted, and you can look for us to go even further in ensuring that we are there in your time of need.
This environment is also especially challenging for our stockholders. While our stock has generally continued to outperform both the market and our peers, I am certainly not pleased with where it is trading today. Still, I continue to believe that the course we have set for the company is very shareholder-friendly. Our approach the past several years of focusing on disciplined, profitable growth with a sharp emphasis on risk management has served us well and should also eventually benefit our stockholders. We are today a better capitalized and more diversified company, one that is better positioned for today’s challenging environment. While I continue to believe that our present valuation is impacted more by the broader market than by our own performance, there are a couple of specific concerns that I know have weighed on the stock.
The first is the impact of the softening economy on group disability profitability. While historically this has been an important issue, we believe the combination of the diversity of our company (Unum US group disability last year comprised less than 16 percent of total company operating income), the more disciplined approach we have taken with this business during the past several years and the consistent performance of our claims operations should
Today more than ever, middle- and lower-income people face dangerous gaps in their financial security. Employer-sponsored benefits are one of the primary backstops against financial catastrophe for these people.
allow us to weather any prolonged economic slowdown. Although we have not yet seen any material impact from the economy on our disability line, we continue to monitor our results and are prepared to take action if we see that change.
The second issue is the impact of the economy on our investment portfolio and capital position. Again, while this is an understandable concern in this environment, I believe we entered this period with a strong balance sheet. Our investment portfolio lacks exposure to asset classes generally responsible for industry losses, and the capital we have accumulated exceeds our targets. We believe this excess capital positions us well to fund whatever investment losses may occur during these challenging times.
My greatest comfort in this environment comes because I have faith in our people, who have never been more engaged in the business. At a time of uncertainty throughout the financial services industry, there is probably nothing more important to our future success than the focused, committed team I have the pleasure of working with. While I continue to feel that a recovery in the economy will be slow in coming, I am confident that our people will remain focused on doing the things that brought us to this point, and, in so doing, we will generate value for all of our stakeholders.
AbOve The frAy, An IndUSTry wITh pUrpOSe
While it’s often very difficult to look beyond the crisis of the moment, I believe strongly that our industry, which has always played a vital role in the economies of both the U.S. and the U.K., will be called on to play an even greater role in the future. In the U.S., this includes:
• Being the primary protection for individuals and families, providing more than $60 billion in life insurance benefits and $16 billion in disability benefits; and
• Serving as a primary long-term investor in the economy, supporting capital investment in both the public and private sectors.
Our company continues to serve in an increasingly important niche of the life insurance market. The employer-sponsored benefits market (where insurance coverage is offered by an employer to its employees and can either be paid for by the employer or the employee) represents, in my view, the single most effective way to provide all workers – but especially lower- and middle-income people – with the information and options to protect themselves and their families.
Today more than ever, middle- and lower-income people face dangerous gaps in their financial security. Employer-sponsored

                benefits are one of the primary backstops against financial catastrophe for these people. For many of them, the only protection they receive is through the workplace.
The growing gap in financial security can place even further pressure on government resources already facing funding and budgetary pressures, which is why we at Unum are advocates for continued cooperation between the public and private sectors to address this critical problem. Employers can help create an environment where working individuals can better understand the need for benefits and provide a convenient and inexpensive venue to offer them. Private industry can work with government agencies to raise the visibility of these issues and identify the steps that can be taken to address the growing financial security problem in our markets. Governments can continue to offer incentives for employers to provide affordable and easily accessible coverage through the workplace and hopefully expand those incentives to encourage individuals to take greater responsibility for their individual and family welfare.
In 2008, we began, along with our industry trade groups and other benefits providers, to raise awareness of our industry’s role in the broader economy. This year, you’ll see and hear more from us as we take an even more active role in enhancing awareness of the issues, as well as the role our industry can play today and in the future.
The rOAd AheAd
In closing, in spite of our solid operating performance it’s hard to feel good about things when our stock value has suffered. While it is some consolation that our stock has performed better than the market and our peers, we recognize that we must work even harder in 2009 to create value for our stockholders. I’m convinced that we are well-positioned to navigate these challenging times – a confidence that is grounded in a strong foundation, including:
• Leadership positions in businesses that fulfill a very important need and that, in fact, may well play an even more vital role in the future;
• Solid operating plans for each of our businesses, plans that in the past have positioned us to produce solid financial results;
• A strong and flexible balance sheet, with a well-positioned investment portfolio and excess capital that provides us a cushion in these uncertain times; and
• A stable organization, one that has been tested before and doesn’t lose focus on serving customers and building value for our stockholders.
By no means should this suggest that we are complacent – this environment is still too challenging for that. While we have not yet seen any material impact on our operating results from the economy or from aggressive competitive actions, we are not immune to feeling the effects of both. Still, I feel confident that we have the business plan, determination and resources to successfully maneuver through this environment, and I want to thank our management team and the 10,000 people in our company who helped make this past year’s accomplishments possible and who have positioned us well for the future.
I’d also like to especially recognize our chief financial officer Bob Greving, who has announced his intention to retire later this year, for his outstanding contribution to the company. Bob has been an integral part of our senior leadership team for more than a decade, and he has been instrumental in helping us build the strong financial foundation we enjoy today. We thank Bob for his many contributions and wish him a happy and healthy retirement.
As I said, I’m confident that by continuing to execute on our business plan, we can successfully meet the challenges that lie ahead. We know it won’t be easy, but our vision is clear, our focus is unwavering and our employees are committed to doing what it takes to keep us on the right track.
On behalf of all of us at Unum, I want to thank you for your continued support of our company.
Regards,
Thomas R. Watjen
President and Chief Executive Officer
    5
