     To Our  Shareholders,  Customers and  Colleagues
I’m pleased to report that 2012 was another very good year  for our company. Our continued focus on the disciplined  execution of our business plan resulted in strong operating  and financial performance as we grew the businesses  we targeted for growth, generated strong profitability in  our core businesses and maintained a solid financial  foundation — while delivering on our commitments to   customers and shareholders, and finishing the year   well-positioned for the future. 
Thomas R. Watjen President and   Chief Executive Officer
  UNUM   2012 ANNUAL REPORT      1

  Our performance over the last several years affirms that  operating with discipline and focus can produce favorable  results, even in the most challenging of times. Soft   economic conditions, overly aggressive competitors and  low interest rates can tempt some to stretch for business  and investment returns. We’ve not succumbed to that  temptation, but instead have stayed true to the principles  that have contributed to our past success — principles that  will continue to serve us well as we execute our strategies to  grow our businesses in a sound and sustainable manner,  and, in doing so, create value for our shareholders. 
OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
In 2012, we continued to benefit from the actions we took  a decade ago to instill greater discipline in all that we do.  That has led to more balance across our reporting segments  and generally more consistency in our results, which has  allowed us to steadily return capital to our shareholders. 
I was generally pleased with the financial and operating  results we produced in 2012. We performed well across  most of the company and, while there are certainly areas  for improvement, it was by any measure another strong  year. I am very proud of my nearly 10,000 colleagues at  the company who stand behind these results.
Among the year’s highlights:*
•  Revenues of $10.5 billion, a 2.3 percent year-over-year  increase driven by premium growth in all our   active businesses;
•  Net investment income of $2.5 billion, which while  essentially flat with last year, is a strong showing in this  economic and interest rate environment;
• P re-tax operating income of $1.2 billion, with record  earnings in both Unum US and Colonial Life;
• O perating earnings per share of $3.15, a 5.7 percent   increase over last year and the seventh consecutive   year of growth for the company;
• R  eturn on equity for our active businesses of 14.1 percent  and a total company return on equity of 12.3 percent; and 
•  Book value per share** of $29.55, a 12.2 percent  increase over last year. 
Since the fourth quarter of 2007,  we have repurchased approximately  $2.2 billion in stock, or 26 percent of   our outstanding shares, and increased  our dividend by 73 percent.
Make no mistake, there are things we could have done  better in 2012, and I’m especially disappointed in our  profitability in the U.K. While this is our smallest business,  it is an important market for us. We allowed the profitability  of one product line — group life — to deteriorate, and we will  learn from this experience. The good news is that we have  a much more diverse base of earnings today than in prior  years, and the shortfall in Unum UK was offset by solid  performance around the rest of the company.
We continued to create value for investors through   a combination of operating performance and capital   management, and both are powerful value creators.   This requires, though, that we maintain operating   discipline, which leads to a strong balance sheet and   capital position, and predictable cash flow. It also gives  
        2     
  *I n analyzing performance, the company sometimes uses non-GAAP financial measures that differ from what is reported under GAAP.  Refer to the Financial Highlights and  pages 42, 43, 163 and 164 for reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures used in this report, including operating income, operating revenue, operating earnings  per share, return on equity and book value per share (excluding AOCI), to the most directly comparable GAAP measures.
** Excludes AOCI.

 us a great deal of flexibility, which last year was used to  repurchase $500 million of our stock and increase our  dividend by 24 percent. Since the fourth quarter of 2007,  we have repurchased approximately $2.2 billion in stock,  or 26 percent of our outstanding shares, and increased  our dividend by 73 percent. 
While I was not satisfied with our stock’s performance last  year, I am very confident that the approach we have taken  to managing the business can continue to create long-term  value for shareholders. Over the last five years, our total  return to shareholders has significantly outperformed our  industry. Steady, profitable growth is something not only  important to investors but also to our rating agencies,  and I am obviously very pleased that both Moody’s and  Standard & Poor’s had the confidence in our company to  upgrade our financial strength ratings in 2012.
Operating Earnings Per Share
      $2.54
$2.64
$2.73
$2.98
    $2.25
  $1.85
 $1.69
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 CAGR – Compound Annual Growth Rate.
Although there are still challenges ahead and more we  wish to accomplish, we were pleased with our performance  this past year and are well-positioned for 2013. Each year  brings its own unique challenges and changes, but what 
$3.15
      A CEO’s Perspective on the Value of Financial Protection
A Message from Tom Watjen
The need for financial protection benefits has  steadily grown as financial foundations have  shifted, government resources have been strained,  and costs have climbed.
When people need them most, benefits such  as disability, accident, critical illness and life  insurance protect against financial hardships that  can derail the stability of individuals and families.
Few people understand that the average worker  has a one in three chance of becoming disabled  from illness or injury for six months or more  during his or her working life. Most of us are  unprepared for the consequences of losing an  income, even for a short period of time.
In fact, 40 percent of working Americans live  paycheck-to-paycheck. Half of all households could  not raise $2,000 within a month if they needed to,  according to the Bureau of Economic Research. 
The need for and the value of financial protection  benefits are growing topics of conversation. Over  the last two years, Unum has worked to quantify   the tangible value of disability benefits in particular  and, in the process, built partnerships that can move  us toward the goal of protecting the financial  security of working people and families.
Our industry must continue to do its part by  helping educate consumers about the need  for financial protection and by seeking ways to  simplify our products and make them more 
Continued on page 5
UNUM   2012 ANNUAL REPORT      3
9.3% CAGR
 
  will not change is our commitment to staying disciplined,  maintaining our financial flexibility and continuing to return  excess capital to shareholders.
OUR BRAND
In last year’s Annual Report, I said that our success goes  well beyond just financial results, and that we strive to be  a company viewed not just for its financial performance  but as a leader in our industry, in our communities and with  our employees. That continues to ring true today, and in  many respects defines our brand more than anything  else we do. From that standpoint, 2012 was perhaps the  strongest year we have had since I became CEO in 2003. 
Consider that among other things:
•  Our claimant satisfaction remains very high, and again  this past year we backed our commitment to customers  by paying more than $6 billion in benefits;
•  Our customer and broker satisfaction results continue to  be extremely strong — indicating our close connection  to the marketplace;
• O ur corporate reputation, particularly as viewed by our  customers, improved again last year to the highest level  ever for the company; and
•  Our community and social responsibility efforts increased  again in 2012, including financial support, volunteerism  and sustainability initiatives. 
Also, while it’s often difficult to measure, I believe that  we have elevated our stature as a leading voice for our  industry — both in the media as well as with our policy- makers in the U.S. and U.K. These activities are important  if we are to further promote the value of the financial  protection benefits we offer in the workplace — not just  for the value they bring to individuals and their families  during their time of need, but also the impact private  financial protection insurance can have on the public   policy debates in both of our markets, as you will see   on the adjoining pages. 
Nothing, though, is more important to our brand than our  people. They deliver on our commitments to our customers,  set a standard for giving back to our communities, and  of course deliver the financial results I touched on earlier.  I can’t thank them enough for what they have done, not just  in 2012, but consistently each and every year to support  the needs of all our stakeholders. Our people define our  brand and are our competitive advantage, and I am very  confident that, through their efforts, we can maintain the  momentum we have worked so hard to build at this  company and continue to deliver on our commitments to  all our key stakeholders. 
   Book Value Per Share*
  $29.55
   2008 2009 2010
* Excludes AOCI.
4      UNUM   2012 ANNUAL REPORT
2011 2012
$23.20
$25.69
$26.33
  $20.84
    9.1% CAGR

    In my opinion the needs have never   been greater for the things that we do.  Why? Seventy percent of Americans  and ninety percent of Britons lack  disability insurance coverage and,   to a lesser extent, the other basic  financial protections we offer. 
None of us have a crystal ball to predict the future, but  having a track record of delivering on our commitments  and a team here at Unum that is engaged in the business  gives me great confidence in our future.
OUR OUTLOOK
As we look to 2013, despite our confidence in our future,  we are still maintaining a generally cautious view of the  environment. While there are early signs that the general  economy and employment picture are improving, the  pace of improvement is slow. We are therefore maintain- ing a guarded outlook until we are more certain of the  strength of the recovery.
The most challenging headwind for us continues to be  persistently low interest rates. I mentioned in last year’s  letter to you that low rates are very harmful to savers,   as well as to financial institutions serving consumers   of all income levels. These comments stand today.
      A CEO’s Perspective
Continued from page 3
affordable to all workers. But government can also  play an important role by helping to raise  awareness with consumers, employers and others.
Financial protection benefits are   affordable. In fact, disability   coverage is often as low as   $20 to $30 per month. Yet   roughly 70 percent of private   sector employees lack   long term disability   coverage, according to the   Bureau of Labor Statistics.   And life insurance ownership   is at its lowest level since   World War II.
The most widespread income protections —  workers’ compensation, Social Security Disability  Insurance and personal savings — are useful but  often insufficient. The average Social Security  Disability Insurance benefit is only $1,100 a month  and is reserved for disabilities expected to last  for at least a year or result in death. Seventy  percent of initial applications are rejected, and  the appeals process can take years.
When an employee is sidelined by injury or  illness, disability benefits replace on average  60 percent of the employee’s income, helping  families avoid real financial hardship. Employers  also benefit from the role the coverage can play in  recruiting and retaining a talented workforce.
And the value of these benefits extends to  taxpayers and the government.
In 2011, Unum commissioned a study by Charles  River Associates to assess the economic value  of employee benefits with a specific focus on  disability insurance provided in the workplace.
The study found that private, employer-sponsored 
disability insurance saves U.S. taxpayers up to 
$4.5 billion per year and helps as many as 
 Continued on page 7
Continued on page 7
UNUM   2012 ANNUAL REPORT      5
 
  Despite what I would continue to characterize as a tough  environment for our business, the principles that have  served us so well in the past will continue to serve us in  the future — especially maintaining discipline in our pricing,  in our investments, and in the management of our balance  sheet and capital position. These have been hallmarks of  this company, and have served us well, and there’s no  reason to change now. 
While this may sound like we will be playing defense in  2013, that couldn’t be further from the truth. As I mentioned  earlier, although we will always seek ways to improve  our business, we are clearly operating from a position of  strength, and are seeking ways to profitably expand the  market for our financial protection products and services. 
In my opinion the needs have never been greater for the  things that we do. Why? Seventy percent of Americans and  ninety percent of Britons lack disability insurance coverage  and, to a lesser extent, the other basic financial protections 
Dividends & Shares Repurchased
Return on Equity
     13.8%
 12.2%
16.8%
  Unum US
Unum UK
Colonial Life
Total 2012 12.3%
2.8%
Closed Block
   we offer. It’s unlikely that the public sector can fill this void  considering the funding issues affecting those programs in  the U.S. and U.K. At the same time, the vast majority of life  and disability insurance is purchased in the workplace —  which is our focus. 
The result is that I continue to believe we are in a long- term growth business. With our singular focus on this  business, the strength of our brand, the investments   we are making in the business and our strong financial  platform, I am confident that if there are opportunities   to profitably grow our market and further leverage this  unique platform, we’ll find them.
As I noted earlier, my confidence in our ability to build  from the success we have had comes from our people.  They are highly engaged in the business, dedicated to  doing the right thing, deliver on our commitments each  day, and are focused on the future. I can’t express enough  how much I appreciate all they do for this company and  its customers, communities and shareholders.  
       Share Repurchases
   Dividends
   2008
 $700 million
 —
 2009
   —
   +10%
   2010
 $356 million
 +12%
 2011
  $620 million
  +14%
 2012
  $500 million
  +24%
 TOTAL
   $2,176 million
   $578 million
        6      UNUM   2012 ANNUAL REPORT

  Finally, I would like to share my appreciation for our Board  of Directors and my management team for the exceptional  leadership they have brought to this company. In this  environment, it is often difficult to “stick to the plan”  and remain focused on the fundamentals. Our Board and  leadership team have had the courage to stay with the  principles that have been so important to our past success  and will certainly serve as the guiding principles in creating  sustainable success well into our future.
We will continue to take the actions needed to meet our  customers’ needs, while delivering strong financial results  for our shareholders. On behalf of all of us at Unum,  thank you for your continued support of our company.
Regards,
Thomas R. Watjen President and Chief Executive Officer
    A CEO’s Perspective
Continued from page 5
575,000 families avoid impoverishment and the  need to rely on public assistance programs. The  report also suggests that poverty among working  adults who become disabled during their careers  could be virtually eliminated if all workers had some  form of employer-sponsored disability insurance.
Private, employer-sponsored disability  insurance saves taxpayers up to $4.5 billion per year.
   Clearly, employer-sponsored benefits can play a  major role in addressing the growing need for  financial protection for families and individuals  and in taking pressure off government resources.
Our partnership with Demos, an independent  think-tank, is part of an innovative campaign in the  U.K. to widen awareness of the value of group  income protection to individuals, employers and  to society as a whole. Additionally, a study last  year by the Centre for Economics and Business  research in the U.K. revealed that a typical  business with more than 500 employees incurs  long-term absence costs of £620,000 annually.
And research released last year by the Consumer  Federation of America in partnership with Unum  shows that individuals in the U.S. need and want  disability coverage — and that they would be  willing to pay for it if their employers offered  them the opportunity.
This research is already helping our industry  drive conversations that aim to increase the  availability of disability benefits.
Protecting individuals and families against the  financial impact of illness, injury or loss is a critical  step in creating a safety net for all workers. The  private sector, government and advocacy organiza- tions can and must work together to increase the  awareness of the need for employer-sponsored  benefits and to make these valuable benefits  more accessible to individuals and families.
 UNUM   2012 ANNUAL REPORT      7
   