                                   To our stockholders, customers and colleagues:
2006 was a successful year for our company. We made significant strides in a number of areas, continuing the momentum that has been building since this management team took charge in early 2003. As a result, Unum Group is a much stronger company today with a clear strategy to create additional value for our stockholders.
Our focus for 2006 was simple — ensure that those areas already meeting our expectations continued to do so,
while improving in those areas not yet performing at acceptable levels. We had four primary goals last year: generate continued improvement in operating results; consistently execute our business plan; improve our financial ratings; and enhance our corporate reputation. While there is certainly more we can do, I’m pleased with the progress we made and with the way our employees responded to the challenge.
CONTINUED IMPROVEMENT IN OPERATING RESULTS
The majority of our product lines and businesses operated at our targeted levels of profitability in 2006 — a clear indication that the steps we’ve taken to position Unum for the future are taking hold. Highlights of the year include:
° Growing profitability in Unum US driven by improved claims management within our group income protection line
° Record earnings within our Unum UK business
° Record earnings and outstanding sales growth at Colonial
° Strong investment results with a record $2.3 billion in investment income
° Good risk and expense management throughout the company
° Excellent service in most areas, with customer satisfaction at or near an all-time high
CONSISTENT EXECUTION OF OUR BUSINESS PLAN
I said in my letter to you last year that it’s extremely important for us to consistently execute our business plan. While our performance is not yet as consistent as
it can and should be, we’ve made good progress. The vast majority of our businesses and product lines showed consistent performance throughout the year, and met or exceeded our expectations. The notable exception was our Unum US group income protection line which had a weak start in 2006, but did see considerable momentum develop in the second half of the year. This business continues to be an area of intense focus for our entire management team.
It is more, though — it is consistent execution across a diversified and balanced business plan, which has positive implications from both a rating agency and stockholder perspective. On this front I’m pleased with our progress to date, as our business and product mix is much more diverse than in the past.
  Tom Watjen
President and Chief Executive Officer Unum Group
3

                                     2006 HIGHLIGHTS FINANCIAL
INCOME FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS AS ADJUSTED INCREASED 17.6% IN 2006 TO $603.3 MILLION
RISK BASED CAPITAL OF 300% WITH HOLDING COMPANY LIQUIDITY OF $445 MILLION EX- PECTED TO GROW TO $950 MILLION IN 2007
STOCKHOLDER
STOCK PRICE HAS INCREASED 110% SINCE MARCH 2003
UNDERLYING EARNINGS EXCEEDED CONSENSUS ESTIMATES FOR LAST THREE QUARTERS OF 2006
CUSTOMER
NEW SALES OF OVER $1 BILLION
CUSTOMER SATISFACTION RATINGS REMAINED AT HISTORICAL HIGHS WITH 90% OF CUSTOMERS INDICATING AN INTENT TO RENEW COVERAGE
EMPLOYEE
EMPLOYEE SATISFACTION LEVELS HIGH WITH MORE THAN 83% OF EMPLOYEES SAYING THEY ARE PROUD TO WORK FOR THE COMPANY
NEARLY 80% OF EMPLOYEES PARTICIPATED IN A TRAINING OR DEVELOPMENTAL ACTIVITY IN 2006
This is clear from our 2006 performance — sales of non-disability products within Unum US equaled those of disability products, while the operating earnings contributed by Unum UK and Colonial reached record levels.
Again, while there is more we can do to enhance both the level and consistency of our results, the momentum we developed in 2006 gives me even greater confidence in our ability to execute our future plans.
IMPROVEMENT OF OUR FINANCIAL RATINGS
While only limited ratings actions were taken this past year, I am extremely pleased with the enhancements we made in our overall financial strength and flexibility. In addition, as part of our ongoing capital management strategy, we executed what we believe to be the first-ever securitization of long-term disability reserves, which not only generated $130 million of immediate capital but set the stage for pursuing larger opportunities in the future. I’m particularly encouraged with our financial strength in several areas:
° Our regulatory capital and statutory earnings are among the highest in our history
° Our holding company liquidity has increased substantially and is expected to more than double by the end of 2007
° We have significantly reduced our leverage
° We have completed the transition from raising capital to generating excess capital
We recognize that to improve our ratings we must continue to enhance
our financial strength, but more importantly improve the consistency of our performance — that remains a key focus of this management team.
We also realize that we must put our outstanding regulatory matters behind us. While the most significant of these —
the claims reassessment process — has proven more costly than we originally anticipated, we remain convinced it was the right thing to do and believe it has gone a long way toward improving our relationships with regulators. We remain on track to complete the reassessment process by the end of 2007.
ENHANCEMENT OF OUR CORPORATE REPUTATION
One of our priorities since 2003 has been to improve our reputation among all our stakeholders. While there is certainly more we can and will be doing, many of our key constituents see Unum today as a “new” company with more than 10,000 dedicated professionals who consistently
do the right thing to serve our customers. I am very proud of our people and how they represent our company.
And I’m not alone. Independent surveys indicate both our customers and brokers give us high marks for image and reputa- tion. Nothing contributes more, though, to strengthening our reputation than continuing to generate solid results, and that again remains a key priority.
This past year has been one of significant accomplishment. While there is still more to be done to create value for all our stakeholders, we are building momentum and are focused on those areas that have the greatest potential value for our stockholders, customers and employees.
   
                                     The new Unum. While our company has changed in many ways, one thing that has remained constant is the leading positions we have
in our key businesses.
Unum US remains the leading group
and individual income protection provider, as well as one of the leaders in group life, group long-term care and voluntary benefits. Unum UK continues to be
the clear leader in an under-penetrated income protection market, and Colonial has maintained its position as the number two provider of voluntary benefits in the U.S.
One of our goals for 2007 is to further capitalize on this market leadership
by leveraging our strong brands more effectively. The first step in this process was to simplify the name of the company. After an extensive brand review, we chose earlier this year to shorten our name to Unum — a name that reflects the direction we have set for the company and lever- ages the tremendous brand equity built up in the marketplace. Simplicity is a theme you’ll be hearing more about from us in the future.
Going forward, we intend to capitalize on our market leadership in all of our businesses. Whether in the United States or the United Kingdom, the needs of our customers and the environment in which we operate are changing. The products and services we provide are well suited for today’s complex work environment.
LOOKING AHEAD
As it has been for the past three years, our overarching goal for 2007 is to build further momentum by focusing on our strengths and serving our customers well. Our four primary objectives are as follows:
° Continue to improve the profitability of our Unum US group income protection line of business, the one line of business not presently meeting our profitability targets. We are very encouraged by the favorable trends in this line of business. I am confident that the management
and operational changes we made last year will lead to continued improvement in 2007, moving us closer to our longer term goals for this product line. This remains our number one priority.
° Ensure that all of our other product lines and businesses that are performing well continue to do so. While we are proud of the progress we’ve made over the last few years, we recognize that achieving our long-term goals and delivering value to stockholders requires that we strive for continuous improvement in every area of the company — including those that are already meeting expectations.
our board of directors for the leadership they have given this company during a challenging three-year period. I want to also extend my sincere appreciation to Bill Pollard, who retired as chairman in late 2006, and to Hugh Maclellan, Jr., who after 32 years on our board has decided not to stand for re-election and will retire when his term expires this year. These two indi- viduals have worked tirelessly on behalf
of our stockholders for many years, and their contributions will be missed. We have added seven new directors, though, to the board since 2004, and
I am confident that with their support and leadership we will continue to create value for all of our stakeholders.
While there are undoubtedly challenges that will arise, I am optimistic about our future. Our business and financial platform is the strongest it’s been in years, and we have generated momentum in a number of key areas — 2007 is a year to build from these successes.
 ° Continue to execute our capital manage-
ment strategy. For the first time in several
years, we are now generating excess   Consistent, precise execution of our plan is
capital, and later this year we will be assessing how to best put this capital to use to create value for our stockholders. We will also continue to explore the options, such as securitization, available to generate capital from our individual income protection closed block.
° Successful completion of the claims reassessment process. While again the costs have been higher than we originally anticipated, we remain on track to complete this process by the end of 2007. Most importantly, I am very pleased with the significantly improved relationships we are building with our regulators.
I want to thank all of our stakeholders for their support this past year. I’d especially like to thank our employees for all they did to make 2006 a success, as well as
critical, but I believe all of our employees know what needs to be done and are up to the task.
On behalf of our board of directors and the entire Unum team, thank you for your support of our company.
Sincerely,
Thomas R. Watjen
President and Chief Executive Officer
  5
