 Fellow Shareholders:
Union Pacific today is a company that is committed to improving safety, strengthening financial returns, increasing value to our customers, and providing critical benefits to the economy of our country and the communities where we operate. We achieved a number of milestones in 2006, highlighting the value of our franchise and the dedication of our employees.
Union Pacfic’s Growth Strategy
Our Company is growing. The records we set in 2006 created a platform to continue rewarding our shareholders in 2007 and beyond. Looking ahead, we see even greater growth opportunities. Customers need our investment in additional rail capacity so they can grow. We move the food, vehicles, plastics, coal, lumber and consumer goods that people use every day. Our communities are increasingly aware that UP’s rail network strengthens their local economies and connects them to the rest of the world.
Our strategy is to enhance the long-term value of our company by serving the nation’s growing need for quality transportation. We will achieve this strategy by providing valued service to our customers, improving the efficiency of our operations, leveraging our franchise diversity and making growth investments in corridors where we have a strategic advantage.
Strong 2006 Business Volumes Lead Record Year
Our 2006 business volumes started out strong, growing
4 percent in the first quarter. Seven-day carloadings, a measure of our business volume, topped the 200,000 mark for the first time ever in June. Our busiest months generally are August through October, so setting the carloading record in June was significant. With such an early surge in our business, the normal fall peak shipping season was expected
to be even stronger. However, reduced housing starts, cuts in auto production and softness in the domestic intermodal market slowed the pace of our growth at year’s end.
Total carloads in 2006 were a record 9.9 million, up 3 percent versus 2005. This growth helped each of our six business groups set revenue records for the second straight year.
Our Energy, Intermodal and Automotive groups also set individual volume records:
• Coal-fired plants are the single largest generator of electricity in America today. We shipped 194 million tons of coal from the Southern Powder River Basin, an
8 percent increase, to support growing electrical demand.
• Intermodal volumes grew 6 percent, driven by double- digit growth in the movement of steamship containers carrying consumer goods that Americans need in their daily lives.
• UP’s automotive shipments grew 5 percent to a record 834,000 carloads. With U.S. light vehicle sales declining 3 percent in the year, growth in automotive is a testament to the strength of UP’s auto franchise.
We also experienced record growth in two emerging Agricultural markets. Ethanol and dried distiller grain soluables (DDGS), an ethanol co-product used for livestock feed, grew nearly 50 percent during 2006. In total, we moved more than 1.1 billion gallons of ethanol and 1.6 million tons of DDGS.
1

Increasing Customer Value
Operating initiatives aimed at network simplification, technology and capital investments drove better service reliability and efficiency throughout 2006. Network fluidity, as measured by velocity, terminal dwell times and rail car inventory, improved across the board while we moved record volumes. Our customers recognized the service gains, rating us 8 points higher on their satisfaction surveys in 2006.
Customers also saw the benefits of improved service from our Customer Inventory Management System (CIMS). This technology solution increases terminal throughput without adding physical capacity, prevents congestion and enhances service reliability. By the end of 2006, CIMS monitored nearly 80 percent of our daily industry volumes. Final rollouts will occur in 2007, achieving 100 percent coverage.
We are increasing customer value through our capacity programs as well. Our investments are designed to promote safety, service, growth and efficiency. In 2007, we are planning a $3.2 billion capital program that primarily is targeted at growth. We are committed to grow with our customers if the investment is justified by the financial returns.
Safety
Freight railroads are one of the safest industries in America, and we’re committed to becoming even safer. During 2006, we made progress toward that goal.
One of the challenges the rail industry faces is the growth in both train and highway vehicle traffic, which in recent years has contributed to a nationwide increase in crossing accidents. We are working to reverse that trend with improved crossing visibility, technology and education. Both our new and current employees use locomotive simulators to help instill safe operating practices. We are addressing driver behavior through more than 7,000 public education classes, reaching over 425,000 citizens to promote greater crossing safety.
During 2006, rail shipments moved across our network more safely as we reduced the frequency of derailments 17 percent and the associated expense fell 13 percent. At the core of all these efforts is the safety of our employees, which improved 15 percent.
In 2007, we are continuing our partnership with Dow Chemical, Union Tank Car and the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) on the “Next Generation Tank Car Project” to further improve the safety of chemical transportation through better tank car designs. We also are working with the FRA to conduct two pilot projects using Communications-Based Train Control. This technology enhances train safety and fuel efficiency through the use of GPS and onboard computers.
UP and the Environment
In addition to being one of the safest forms of transportation, rail is one of the most environmentally friendly. For example, railroads are generally three times more fuel efficient than trucks, and one intermodal train can take up to 280 trucks off our congested highways.
At UP, we are continually improving our fuel efficiency through better locomotive technology, engineer training and employee involvement programs, such as Fuel Masters. In 2006, we moved, on average, one ton of freight over
780 miles on a single gallon of diesel fuel – a nearly 30-mile improvement over the past two years. This improved fuel efficiency saved more than 50 million gallons of diesel in 2006.
In addition to promoting fuel conservation, greater fuel efficiency also reduces emissions. Today, we are teaming up with other rails, locomotive manufacturers and governmental authorities to develop low-emission technologies for application in new and existing models. This technology has the potential to reduce emissions in new switch locomotives by up to 80 percent.
Record Financial Results
Record demand, improved operational efficiency and enhanced network safety drove a financial performance in 2006 that, by nearly every key financial measure, was a “best ever” year:
• Operating revenue increased nearly 15 percent to $15.6 billion. Core price improvement, fuel surcharges and record volume gains all contributed to the growth.
• Operating income totaled $2.9 billion, up more than 60 percent.
2

• Net income increased 57 percent to $1.6 billion.
• Operating ratio improved 5.3 points to 81.5 percent.
• Free cash flow totaled $516 million after paying $322 million in dividends to our shareholders and voluntarily adding $150 million to fully fund our employee retirement plan.*
2007 Outlook
In January, we took additional steps to create value for
our shareholders with an increased dividend and share repurchase program. Our Board of Directors approved a 17 percent quarterly dividend increase to $0.35 per share. The Board also authorized a repurchase of up to 20 million common shares to be completed by year-end 2009.
While we are somewhat cautious about the economic outlook at the start of 2007, we remain very optimistic about the long-term potential for our Company. We expect very strong demand for coal, international intermodal and ethanol, but slower housing and auto markets could offset some of the growth. Operationally, we expect to move increased tonnage across our network with greater efficiency.
Capacity expansion programs are needed to carry the record growth our customers are projecting. Our investments are targeted in corridors that support strong growth opportunities, primarily in coal and intermodal. They also allow us to enhance overall network fluidity and efficiency. Customers value the increased service reliability that results from more efficient operations. At the same time, they understand that today’s transportation rates must support investments for future growth.
We are confident that our business returns will support these investments. Our return on invested capital improved 2.5 points in 2006, to 8.2 percent, and we are focused on further improvement.*
Employees – A Strength of UP
UP’s employees are at the heart of our efforts to provide quality service, improve financial returns and support the communities in which we operate. This will continue to be true as our workforce changes over the next several years.
3
Roughly 25 percent of UP’s current employees are new to the Company since 2003. An ongoing priority for 2007 is recruiting top candidates with a diversity of experience, cultural backgrounds and interests to UP. Through efforts such as UP’s Operations Management Training program, the U.S. Army’s PaYS (Partnership for Youth Success),
the Marine Civilian Development Program and college recruiting, we hired more than 6,400 new employees in 2006, and expect to hire another 4,500 in 2007. Recognition as a top employer by magazines such as G.I. Jobs, Working Mother and LATINA Style provides evidence that UP is an “Employer of Choice.”
Although many long-service employees retired from
Union Pacific over the past year, most noteworthy was our Chairman, Dick Davidson. Dick began his career in 1960 as a brakeman working his way through college. His retirement from Union Pacific in January 2007 marks the end of a long and successful chapter in the Company’s history. We all owe Dick a huge debt of gratitude for his leadership and vision in helping create today’s Union Pacific. We wish him a long, healthy and happy retirement, which is well deserved.
I am pleased to welcome two new board members,
Andrew Card and Thomas (Mack) McLarty. Their varied backgrounds and diverse experience will be valued additions to our board, and I look forward to working with them in the years ahead.
Coming off a record-setting year in 2006, expectations for 2007 are high. We will measure success by how well we increase shareholder returns, deliver customer value, enhance our reputation in the communities where we operate and instill employee pride. Our safety initiatives, growth strategy, capital investments, environmental initiatives and training programs all are directed at achieving these goals. Union Pacific has a great history, and we’re looking forward to a great future.
Jim Young
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 * ForreconciliationstoGAAPforour2005incometaxadjustedreturnoninvestedcapitalandfreecashflowcalculations,pleaserefertotheUnionPacificWebsiteunderInvestorRelations.
