 Michael L. Eskew
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
“Synchronizing this world of global commerce is our vision...a vision that supports current products and services, as well as guides our longer-term initiatives.”
 DEAR FELLOW SHAREOWNERS,
World trade is growing at an unprecedented pace as goods move around the globe more quickly and more freely than ever. Companies of all sizes are tapping new markets for their products. Consumers, empowered by technology, are seeking more choices and more services. Businesses are becoming more responsive, more effective, and more focused on satisfying the demands of customers for an increasingly personalized experience. Synchro- nizing this world of global commerce is our vision ... a vision that supports current products and services, as well as guides our longer-term initiatives.
Before I talk about what lies ahead, let me put 2006 into perspective. UPS reported the highest revenue, profit, and earnings per share in our history. More specifically, revenue increased 11.7 percent, reaching $47.5 billion; operating profit of $6.6 billion was up 8.0 percent; and diluted earnings per share were $3.86, an increase of 11.2 percent. These results reflect the strong performance of our small package operations around the world.
It was also a year in which we continued to build a strong foundation for long-term growth, high- lighted by the integration of acquisitions across our business units. These included LYNX Express in the United Kingdom, Stolica S.A. in Poland, and Menlo
Worldwide Forwarding and Overnite in the United States. While much of this activity was successful, some of the integrations presented challenges. We are confident, however, that the expanded capa- bilities these acquisitions bring will help UPS better meet all our customers’ shipping needs.
GLOBAL SMALL PACKAGE
Our global small package operations performed exceptionally well, delivering a record of nearly 4 billion packages and letters in 2006. We expand- ed upon our industry-leading margins, attaining a new high of 16.8 percent for the year. We will con- tinue to invest in our small package business. For example, in 2006 we began a five-year, $1 billion expansion of UPS Worldport®, our flagship global air hub in Louisville, KY. This effort will increase sorting capacity by 60 percent to accommodate the volume growth driven by the increase in international trade.
The U.S. small package business posted a 9.6 percent increase in operating profits to $4.9 billion. The year was characterized by investments in service expan- sions and visibility solutions for our customers. In early 2006, we unveiled the most significant upgrade of our U.S. ground package delivery network ever,
 2
     
2006 Revenue by Segment
Net Income (in billions) $4.0
(in billions)
$8.0 $9.1
$3.2 $2.4 $1.6 $0.8 $0
         $30.4
   64% U.S. domestic package 19% International package 17% Supply chain and freight
02 03 04 05 06
   slashing a day or more from transit time in 3 mil- lion ZIP code pairings. We also enhanced a variety of shipping technologies to provide more visibility tools for both small package and freight deliveries.
Our international small package business contin- ued to deliver outstanding results. Profit increased over 14 percent to $1.7 billion. Here, too, we invested substantially to upgrade services and facili- ties in key markets around the globe. We extended daily, time-definite delivery options in 30 countries, and enhanced a number of technology tools to sim- plify the complexities of international trade. We also completed the expansion of our Cologne air hub, an investment of $135 million, which nearly doubled package handling capacity and makes the facility one of the most sophisticated in the world.
The UPS integrated ground and air business model in Europe is performing extremely well. The in- tegrations of LYNX Express and Stolica S.A. are proceeding smoothly. LYNX increases the density of our business in the United Kingdom, resulting in productivity and efficiency gains. And Stolica S.A. gives UPS a strong position in Poland, a key European market with great potential for growth.
Finally, in Asia we expanded our air network to 21 weekly flights to and from the United States and China.
We also completed the extension of our international express service to 330 cities in China, which account for about 85 percent of China’s global trade. And we intro- duced our retail concept in Asia with the opening of two locations in China and two in India that are similar to The UPS Store® in the United States and Canada.
SUPPLY CHAIN AND FREIGHT
The Supply Chain and Freight segment produced disappointing results. This segment includes our heavy freight business (ground, air, and ocean), brokerage, and distribution operations. It experi- enced difficulties integrating two large acquisitions in 2006. With these integrations now behind us, we have significant opportunity to optimize these net- works, improve margins, and grow the top line.
In the air freight business we have achieved network synergies by transitioning most of the acquired freight business to UPS aircraft and by consolidating freight handling facilities into the UPS network. Our goal going forward is to maximize capacity utilization with the right mix of business on each airplane.
In the ground freight unit, 2006 was a building year. We rebranded the Overnite acquisition as UPS FreightSM, deployed technology enhancements, cross-trained both the freight and small package sales
3
   4.2 3.9
3.3 2.9
3.2
   
 Operating Margin (in percent) 15%
12%
9%
6%
3%
0%
02 03 04 05 06
             forces, and dramatically improved service levels. Many of our 1.8 million daily small package pickup customers have shown great interest in our freight offerings as we provide them with the same superior experience that they have come to expect from our small package operations. In 2007, we anticipate increasing momentum in volume growth and prof- itability improvement from our freight business as the year unfolds.
And finally, 2006 brought a sharper focus in our logistics business (distribution and post-sales). Simply, all supply chain solutions must meet two criteria. One, they must be linked to the transpor- tation network and two, they must be repeatable, that is, able to be used by a number of customers simultaneously. As a result, we shed some business relationships which slowed our top-line growth. But our focus on key vertical industries—particularly healthcare, retail, and high tech—has produced important successes for our customers and UPS.
WHAT THE FUTURE HOLDS
UPS will celebrate its 100th anniversary on August 28, 2007. It is remarkable to think about all that this company has achieved in its first century of service, growing from a small messenger company in Seattle to a global enterprise enabling millions of customer transactions a day.
It is even more exciting to think about all that this company has yet to accomplish. The global trends I discussed earlier are creating compelling growth opportunities for UPS—opportunities that will leverage our core competency of optimizing networks that support the efficient movement of goods, information, and funds.
With this in mind, we anticipate that our global small package and supply chain and freight busi- nesses will continue to expand as we meet our customers’ growing global needs. The U.S. small package business is a mature market, but should perform slightly better than GDP growth. With a slower-growth economy than in the last few years, we anticipate about a 2.5-to-3 percent increase in U.S. domestic volume in 2007, with moderating operating profit growth.
On the international front, world trade should remain strong, supporting a robust international small package market. We anticipate UPS export volume growth will post about a 10 percent gain in 2007. Operating profit growth is expected to be in themid-teens.
And the Supply Chain and Freight segment should achieve profitability with steadily improving performance as the year progresses. We have targeted 2-to-3 percent margins for this segment in 2007.
  4
   14.0 14.4
13.6 13.3 13.1
   
Dividends Paid (in billions) $2.0
Return on Equity (in percent) 30%
   $1.6 $1.2 $0.8 $0.4 $0
25% 20% 15% 10% 5% 0%
                    02 03 04 05 06
02 03 04 05 06
For the total company, then, we anticipate earnings will improve in the range of 6-to-10 percent over 2006 results.
UPS is dedicated to building capabilities for prof- itable, long-term growth to benefit our customers, our employees, and our shareowners. To achieve this, we will:
• continuously evaluate the dynamics of the marketplace to anticipate our customers’ needs.
• invest our capital in new ventures where the return and risk profile create shareowner value.
• focus on UPS’s core competency—optimizing networks, both physical and informational.
• innovate to maintain our competitive advantages.
• manage our financial policies for total
shareowner returns.
As we conclude our first century of service in 2007, we will continue to hold fast to what has made us successful. There are certain timeless values and philosophies that define our culture at UPS and the most significant, I believe, is the extraordinary dedication of our people.
To that end, I want to recognize the contributions of John Beystehner, who retired in January 2007 as Chief Operating Officer of the company after a 36-year career with UPS. David Abney succeeded John and brings extensive experience across our business, including small package, supply chain,
and international operations. Replacing him is Alan Gershenhorn, who has joined the Management Committee. Alan has broad experience in our do- mestic and international small package business, as well as in the international supply chain operations. Lastly, Scott Davis assumed the additional respon- sibilities of Vice Chairman in addition to his role as Chief Financial Officer, a move that will allow me to spend more time with customers and evolve our strategy to meet their future needs.
UPS’s founder, Jim Casey, was fond of saying, “Our horizon is as distant as our mind’s eye wishes it to be.” As I scan today’s horizon and see what lies before us, I know that Jim would be proud of the transformation of UPS into the world’s premier enabler of global commerce.
Michael L. Eskew
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 5
   26.0 23.3
21.2 28.0
21.3
1.6 1.4
1.2 1.0
0.8
   