     LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
  2013 proved, beyond any doubt, that United Rentals is the architect of its own success.
Faced with cautious end markets in an early recovery,
we delivered record results. Once again, we outpaced our operating environment and showed that we can drive strong returns with only modest help from the economy.
Our earnings performance was particularly gratifying.
It was only a few years ago that we set a goal of adjusted EBITDA1 at a 40% margin – and now, with our 2013 results, we’ve exceeded that goal for seven straight quarters.
For the full year, pro-forma2 adjusted EBITDA increased $305 million to $2.29 billion, at a 46.3% margin. Rental rates, time utilization and volume all increased on a larger fleet.
Full year GAAP net income was $387 million, or earnings of $3.64 per diluted share, on $4.96 billion of total revenue. Adjusted EPS1 for the full year was $4.91 per diluted share. Return on invested capital improved to 7.5%. Looking ahead, we see a path to raise ROIC to 10.8% within the next three to five years.
There are many different ways to measure growth in a recovery. We place primary importance on value creation and sound capital management. This shapes how we manage our assets, apply our resources, and think about near-term and long-term growth.
2013 gave us the opportunity to excel in all of these areas. We enhanced our already strong liquidity with free cash flow of $383 million after total capital expenditures of $1.68 billion. In October, we announced a $500 million share repurchase program, and bought back $9 million
of common stock by year-end. We expect to complete our share repurchases in the first half of 2015, while continuing to expand our fleet, de-lever our balance sheet and pursue numerous growth initiatives.
One of the most promising avenues for growth is specialty rentals. This includes the high-margin businesses of Trench Safety, Power and HVAC, and Tools and Industrial Solutions. In 2013, we opened 18 specialty branches in the U.S. and Canada. We plan to continue expanding this business with cold-starts and acquisitions, and by making substantial investments in growing our specialty fleet.
On March 9, 2014, we announced a definitive agreement
to purchase the assets of National Pump & Compressor, the second largest provider of pump rentals in North America. We expect this high-margin business to be a strong addition to our specialty range and create cross-selling opportunities within our existing customer base.
Below the revenue line, operational efficiencies and process improvements feature strongly in our growth. In 2013,
we realized $236 million in synergies related to our landmark acquisition of RSC Holdings Inc. the prior year. Now that the integration is complete, we are continuing to seek improvements in key areas of operations, such as safety. Our company’s safety record in 2013 was the most favorable in its history.
In late 2013, we completed a pilot program based on the Lean philosophy of eliminating waste. Our pilot branches used the kaizen process to capture dozens of daily efficiencies. We plan to implement Lean in up to 200 branches this year as part of a company-wide rollout, with a target run rate of at least $100 million in annual efficiencies within three years.
Outlook
We’re now in a position to capitalize on demand from
an unparalleled position of strength. As our customers need more of our services, we’ll continue to think in new ways about driving returns. Our industry is forecast to show strong growth through 2016 at a minimum, with the dual benefits of a recovery in non-residential construction and a growing reliance on rental. We’re hungry for the opportunity this represents.
Our current 2014 outlook is for total revenue in the range of $5.45 billion to $5.65 billion, adjusted EBITDA in the range of $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion, and free cash flow of between $425 million and $475 million. We expect to generate cumulative free cash flow of at least $1.5 billion for the 2013-2015 period.
Behind this outlook is a company of nearly 12,000 talented employees, as well as our steadfast investors who have believed in us through the highs and lows of our historic journey. We see a clear path to each of our goals –
and we intend to deliver on all of them. March 26, 2014
Michael J. Kneeland
Chief Executive Officer
Jenne K. Britell
Chairman of the Board
1 Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS are non-GAAP measures. Please see the reconciliation of these measures to the comparable GAAP measures contained in the “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” section in the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and in our fiscal 2013 earnings press release furnished on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 2014.
2 Pro-forma assumes the combination of United Rentals results and RSC Holdings results for the full year 2012.
    