LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
  United Rentals is a company that delivers on its promises. Our performance comes down to that.
In 2011, our results were both an affirmation of our strengths and a triumph over market conditions. We pushed through the decline in construction, and turned strategic positioning into value creation. Four straight quarters of earnings improvement culminated in our landmark merger announcement with RSC Holdings.
From the earliest days of the cycle, we have said that our performance is more closely tied to our strategy than to the economy. Our metrics offered ample proof of that: rental rates up 6.1%, time utilization at a record 69.1%, and a return on invested capital that increased year-over-year to 6.7%.
Most important, we drove significantly higher earnings of $1.38 per diluted share on $2.6 billion of revenues.
Our full year adjusted EBITDA was $929 million at an adjusted margin of 35.6%, an increase of 34.4% and 4.7 percentage points, respectively, from the prior year.
These results reflect a company that is doing things right on many levels: asset management, capital allocation, customer service, pricing, efficiency and innovation. In 2011, our investments in fleet dovetailed with a market shift toward renting, giving us traction at a critical point in the cycle.
There is no question that the recent recession encouraged customers to rely more on equipment rental and less on capital purchases. Once they made that shift, the economic benefit became apparent. We are tapping into the most rapid penetration our industry has seen in a long time, and we expect most of it to stick as conditions improve. While market penetration benefits the entire industry, our scale and brand recognition provide United Rentals with the best line-of-sight to customers.
Our 17% revenue increase was particularly meaningful in 2011 because it tied so strongly to our strategic imperatives. These are: to capitalize on our scale, drive sustainable efficiencies in our core business, and maintain a strong capital structure. For example, we focused on our National Account business and grew those relationships to 35% of rental revenues. We also made strategic acquisitions of Venetor Group, GulfStar Rental Solutions, Ontario Laser Rentals and Blue Mountain Equipment Rental, primarily to expand our industrial and specialty rental capacity.
On December 16, 2011, United Rentals announced a definitive merger agreement with RSC Holdings, and completed the transaction on April 30, 2012.
The purchase was a cash-and-stock agreement initially valued at $18.00 per share, for a total enterprise value of $4.2 billion, including $2.3 billion of net debt. It was an unprecedented transaction in our industry and a watershed moment for United Rentals.
Upon closing, we welcomed three independent directors to our board. Pierre Leroy, James Ozanne and Donald Roof all previously served as independent directors for RSC. They will further strengthen one of our company’s greatest assets: a highly skilled and diverse board working in close partnership with senior management.
Additionally, Howard Clark, Jr., one of our most longstanding directors, has decided not to stand for re-election next month. Howard has served on our board since 2004. His wisdom has been invaluable, particularly through the recent economic turmoil. We wish Howard the very best and thank him for
his many contributions.
Outlook
We are at a point in the cycle where the better-run, well- capitalized rental companies can be expected to outperform both the environment and the industry as a whole. Equipment rental is very much about available fleet, and we are continuing to invest. Over the coming months and years, non-residential construction activity should drive more demand than we’ve seen in quite a while. Our plan takes all of these dynamics into account.
The immediate future also will be a period of intense integration for us. We are creating a best-in-class equipment rental company of historic proportions. We expect the payoffs to be substantial: accretive to cash EPS in the first full year, more than $200 million in cost synergies by year two, and
an immeasurable benefit to customer service.
These are exciting prospects, but they should not obscure what is most important about United Rentals – the caliber of our leadership team and employees. Had the merger not happened, we would still deliver more than a billion dollars of EBITDA in 2012, well within the five-year timeframe we projected.
Our goals are larger now to match our combined operations, but they still fit comfortably within our strategy. We look forward to succeeding on an even greater scale.
May 7, 2012
Michael J. Kneeland Chief Executive Officer
Jenne K. Britell Chairman of the Board
  