                                               To Our Shareholders
58%
average increase in quarterly
Fleet Transfers In millions; based on OEC
525
350
175
0 ’06 ’07
2007 was a year of measurable financial and operational success for United Rentals, despite a disappointing outcome to the Cerberus merger process. In discussing our progress, I want to start not with our achievements, but with the systemic change in strategy that is responsible for our record performance.
The impetus for change occurred early last year, as our company prepared to embark on its second decade in business. United Rentals is firmly established as the leader
in an industry where critical mass brings undeniable benefits. Our scale and our business model are tremendous assets, but we were not capitalizing on their full potential. In February we sold our traffic control business, which allowed us to redeploy capital to more profitable operations. We then proceeded to put our entire company under a microscope. By mid-year we knew exactly what had to be done to reconfigure our business for profitable growth:
Refocus on our core business of equipment rentals. Manage our rental fleet for better returns. Control costs and drive efficiencies throughout the business.
This strategy is at the heart of the record financial results we reported for 2007. Our full year earnings per share of $2.76, which excludes a merger termination benefit of $0.50 per share, increased 21.1% from 2006. On this same basis, EBITDA increased 8.0% to a record $1.17 billion for the year and our EBITDA margin improved 1.6 percentage points to 31.4%.
While total revenues increased a modest 2.5%, due in part to the repositioning of our contractor supplies business, rental revenue grew 4.0% for the year, which included a 3.1% increase in same-store rental revenue. Equipment rentals are
Focus:Pursue:Deliver United Rentals I 3

                                        a high-volume, high-margin business for us. In 2007, we processed over 6.4 million rental transactions at an average gross margin of 38.7% and increased our time utilization by 2.5 percentage points to 64% on a larger fleet. The increase in time utilization more than offset a 1.1% decline in rental rates, as
we moved toward an optimum balance of price and utilization. Additionally, we reduced our SG&A expense ratio to 15.9%, reflecting the early success of our cost-cutting initiatives.
We view this progress as merely the leading edge of our potential. Our focus is on unleashing the full earning power of every investment in the business.
In 2008, we plan to purchase about $630 million of rental fleet: this includes $100 million of growth capital expenditures for our strongest markets, balanced by $85 million dollars of de-fleeting where demand remains weak. By redeploying
our capital in this manner, we expect to realize a benefit that far exceeds the net dollar gain in fleet. Our branch network
is undergoing a similar optimization; we have no plans for branch openings this year, and instead will cull out at least 19 underperforming locations.
To help extract the maximum value from our fleet, we are effectively tearing down the walls that have constrained utilization in the past. Our fleet will be managed as one pool of assets, available to drive performance at all our branches and serve every customer. We have accelerated the process of reallocating equipment to areas where it can work harder for us. In 2007, on average, we transferred 58% more fleet per quarter to branches in high-demand, high-margin areas. As a result of both growing our fleet and improving time utilization, we had an additional $200 million of fleet on rent each day on average in 2007, compared with 2006.
9.2%
reduction in
Headcount
In thousands
12
8
4
0 ’06 ’07
2.9%
reduction in
SG&A Expense
In millions
750
500
250
0 ’06 ’07
      Michael J. Kneeland Chief Executive Officer
       4 I United Rentals Focus:Pursue:Deliver

                                        On the cost side of the business, we began recalibrating our operations to support our strategy. By the third quarter, we had begun the process of honing our cost structure to increase our productivity. This involved some very difficult but necessary decisions, including
the removal of approximately 1,100 individuals from our workforce. United Rentals is in a customer service business, and we don’t take workforce reductions lightly. But I’m pleased to report that the process was conducted in a way that was largely invisible to customers, with no apparent impact on service.
We identified ongoing opportunities to reduce our costs through non-fleet sourcing, which returned $22 million in cumulative savings through year-end. We expect to triple these savings within two years. Additionally, we targeted very specific areas of the business where we could mitigate costs. Last year, as in the prior year, rising fuel prices cost our company millions of dollars, but we were able to offset most of this by making adjustments to our delivery fee structure. For 2008, we have identified more than 100 additional ways to drive efficiencies and reduce both our SG&A expenses and cost of goods sold. Our intention is to make full use of our scale and experience to achieve our near-term target metrics, as well as our five-year target for EBITDA improvement.
Many of the gains we made in 2007 came late in the year, when we had an expectation of new ownership. Nevertheless, we remained focused on our plan and delivered on one initiative after another. Today we’re running a more efficient, more profitable company. We’re managing our fleet better. We’re making prudent use of our cash. We’re listening to our customers. And we’re responding to their needs.
We are keenly aware that the North American marketplace is actually composed of hundreds of micro markets that ebb and flow at different rates. Our branches, districts and regions are a constant source of information in this regard. We have good visibility through the end of 2008, and we agree with the majority of industry experts who feel that the rate of non-residential construction spending will slow or even flatten as the year progresses, although we see numerous pockets of opportunity.
Construction activity is clearly an important baseline
for us, but it is not our sole driver. North America is still an under-penetrated rental market for construction and industrial equipment, with a projected compound annual growth rate of over 6% from 2008 through 2012, and there is always the potential to capture a greater share of equipment dollars per project, even if fewer projects are undertaken. The market for industrial rentals is even less penetrated than construction rentals; we are actively looking at ways to increase our participation in this segment, particularly through our pump, power and HVAC branches.
Equally as important, we know that we can capitalize on a substantial upside to the business in any market environment by making continued improvements to our cost structure and by managing our fleet for greater
9.2%
market growth in
Construction
& Industrial Equipment Rentals
In billions; U.S. and Canada industry revenues combined
30
20
10
0 ’06 ’07
returns. These opportunities exist right now, within our company. We had early success on both fronts in late 2007, and we see a great deal more to be gained.
Looking forward, we remain focused on the five-year goal that we shared with our employees as we set a new strategic course in 2007: $500 million in incremental, annual EBITDA within five years, and the generation of significant free cash flow in any operating environment. We anticipate that approximately 40% of this improvement, or $200 million in incremental EBITDA, will come from our cost-cutting initiatives such as strategic sourcing, labor efficiencies
and numerous other actions that will be taken by 2009.
We intend to achieve the balance through top line growth, with an expected $100 million generated by improved time utilization, and $200 million realized through the injection
of growth capital.
As we stand here today, we are genuinely proud of
our past and energized by our future. United Rentals is a company in motion – driven by our long-term vision and fueled by our ability to manage change. We have exceptional people in place in our branches, and a powerful strategic plan guiding our progress. This is the platform of strength upon which we will build our future.
Michael J. Kneeland Chief Executive Officer April 11, 2008
       Focus:Pursue:Deliver United Rentals I 5
