   Despite the improving economy, a weak
non-residential construction market
continued to impact our results in 2003.
Private spending on non-residential construction declined 5 percent, following a 13 percent decline in 2002, and government spending on road and highway construction remained sluggish.
  equipment leases, debt refinancing, write-off of notes receivable, and vesting of restricted shares granted to executives in 2001. Because of these charges, we ended the year with a net loss of $259 million. If we had not incurred these charges, we would have realized operating income of $339 million, net income of $72 million, and diluted earnings per share of $0.75.(1)
Although our profitability declined in 2003, we generated $524 million in cash flow from opera- tions and the sale of rental equipment. After capital expenditures of $378 million for fleet and facilities, our free cash flow was $146 million.
Faced with a difficult year, we still realized considerable
accomplishments that should help us as we move forward. We raised rental rates by more than 2 percent and at the same time increased same-store rental revenues by 3.7 percent. We also expanded our market share with the addition of 200,000 new customers.
   (1) For a reconciliation of as-adjusted results and GAAP results, please see the footnotes on page five.
 1
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
We grew our revenues 1.6 percent in 2003 to $2.87 billion, despite weak demand. This increase, which outpaced our end markets, was not sufficient to fully offset higher costs. As a result, our profit margins for the year declined. Our results were also impacted by $331 million of after- tax charges for goodwill impairment, buy-out of
Wayland Hicks
Chief Executive Officer
 
  “We expect our profitability to be substantially better in 2004, even without an upswing in our key end market, private non-residential construction.”
Wayland Hicks, Chief Executive Officer
   
   We continued to benefit from our geo- graphic diversity, and from our ability to share equipment among our branches. During 2003, 11.5 percent of our rental revenues came from equipment sharing, our best result to date. We also repositioned over $400 million of underutilized equipment to take advantage of market opportuni- ties in areas where demand was stronger.
While we continued to feel pressure on our cost base, we worked hard to become more produc- tive. We reduced our headcount by 1,000 over the past two years while maintaining our customer service levels, and ended the year with approxi- mately 13,000 employees. We also conserved our capital, extending the average age of our fleet to 40 months by year-end. This is well within our target range of 35 to 45 months.
In late 2003 and early 2004, we capitalized on favorable market conditions and completed
the refinancing of a substantial portion of our outstanding debt. As a result, we reduced the interest rates and extended the maturity of a large
(from left)
Michael Kneeland, Executive Vice President – Operations Wayland Hicks, Chief Executive Officer
John Milne, President and Chief Financial Officer
part of our debt to 2012 and beyond. This refinancing will reduce our interest expense by approximately $30 million in 2004.
Last year, our extensive fleet and superior service enabled us to win a large number of rental contracts on high profile jobs such as the expansion of Miami International Airport, the modernization of Soldier Field in Chicago, and the expansion of the Harley-Davidson plant in York, Pennsylvania. We served jobsites as diverse as the Honda and Hyundai plants in Alabama, and the Terminator 3 movie, which featured our equipment.
Our immediate
priority in 2004 is to improve the profitability of the business and
its return on capital.
We believe that we can substantially improve our profitability, even without an upswing in our key end market, private non-residential construction. Let me share some insights into our plans.
 3
 
   Raising rental rates is the single most important action we can take in the near term to improve our profitability. Even with sluggishness in our end markets, there is a lot that we are doing to achieve better rates. In 2004, for example, our sales force will receive 20,000 hours of training in value-based negotiation to build on the rate improvement we accomplished in 2003.
We will spend $425 million to $450 mil- lion in replacement capital in 2004 to maintain one of our most important competitive advantages: the condition and size of our rental fleet. In addition, we will spend $100 million to $200 million in growth capital to expand our fleet. This modest expansion, combined with higher rental rates, contractor
supply sales growth and lower interest expense, should substantially improve our profitability.
Our 2004 plan anticipates diluted earnings per share, excluding charges, of
$1.00 to $1.10,(2)
even in a flat operating environment.
Beyond 2004, a sustained rebound in our
principal end market has the potential to drive revenues significantly higher.
Our goal is to double the size of the business
over five yearsgiven stronger demand. We plan to achieve this through organic growth, additional locations, prudent acquisitions and expansion of complementary revenue streams such as contractor supply sales. Our ability to cap- italize on the substantial operating leverage of this business should allow us to expand our margins, resulting in earnings growth that significantly outpaces our top line growth.
4
This is my first letter
to shareholders since I assumed leadership of United Rentals last December. Our company has an extraordinary history of accomplishments under the guidance
of my friend and predecessor, Brad Jacobs. I am excited to take the reins of a vibrant organization with a legacy of being the best in its business. The stewardship of United Rentals is both a privilege and a responsibility, and I appreciate the confi- dence the board has in me.
We are fortunate to have John Milne, with whom I have worked closely for over six years, con- tinue to play a key leadership role as president and chief financial officer. We are also fortunate to have Mike Kneeland join our senior management team in the newly-created position of executive vice presi- dent – operations. Mike has more than 25 years’ experience in the equipment rental business, includ- ing more than five years with United Rentals.
Finally, I would like to take this opportu- nity to thank all United Rentals employees for their enthusiasm and spirit during a difficult year. Together, we rolled up our sleeves and fought for every inch of progress. The work ethic of our employees is a constant inspiration and the bedrock of our company culture. With their con- tinued focus we will expand on our strengths, maintain our industry leadership position, and carve out new opportunities for United Rentals.
Wayland Hicks
Chief Executive Officer March 30, 2004
 (2) Excludes first half refinancing charges, a first quarter charge for the vesting of restricted shares granted to executives in 2001, and any non-cash goodwill write-offs and other special charges that may be required.
  