    Fellow Shareholders:
I am pleased to tell you that U.S. Bancorp achieved its goals for the year 2002 — to successfully complete the systems integration of Firstar and the “old” U.S. Bancorp without any disruption of superior service to our customers; to reduce the risk profile of our corporation; and to improve customer service throughout our entire franchise.
First, it is not overstating to say that the integration process was virtually flawless and transparent to our more than ten million customers. The inte- gration was completed on schedule and met or exceeded our high expectations. We are now a rarity in our industry — a 24-state, $180 billion corporation doing business on a totally unified, single operating system for all of our markets and all of our customers. The service, cost, accuracy and responsive- ness advantages of that are enormous, and we are already putting our new capabilities to work for our customers.
Second, during the year, we continued to reduce the risk profile
of our corporation. We exited higher risk businesses; we intensified and improved collection efforts; and we put improved credit and underwriting policies into effect across the corpora- tion. While our credit costs are still too high, reflecting the nation’s current economic condition, it appears credit
quality has stabilized, and the improve- ments we have made put us in a position of strength to take every advantage
of our skill and expertise, our products and services, our markets and an economic recovery.
Third, a re-energized culture of outstanding customer service is growing appreciably throughout our company, which is especially gratifying in those markets where our relentless pursuit of unparalleled service is a newer concept. We are pleased that our employees embrace customer service as the single most important factor in our ongoing and future success.
Our goals for 2003 are to generate increased organic growth, maximize our operating leverage, skillfully manage credit quality, continue the reduction of our risk profile — and, as always, grow revenues faster than expenses. We are persistent and disciplined in our approach to these goals — we have specific initiatives in process, and fully anticipate achieving our goals.
Despite a challenging economy, we ended 2002 seeing an increase in core revenue growth, a decrease in total noninterest expense, improvement in the net interest margin and a signifi- cant increase in deposits. Though 2003 will most certainly present its own demands, we have the pieces in place to grow and the momentum to meet whatever challenges may lie ahead.
Please know that, as always, our highest priority is increasing the value of your investment in U.S. Bancorp. It is the reason we come to work each day.
Sincerely,
Jerry A. Grundhofer
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
February 28, 2003
  In Remembrance
September 26, 2002, was a sad day for all members of the U.S. Bank family. Four of our U.S. Bank colleagues and a valued customer were victims of a fatal robbery attempt at a U.S. Bank branch office in Norfolk, Nebraska.
Our hearts are still heavy with the pain of this tragedy, and our thoughts and prayers continue to go out to the families, friends and co-workers of Lisa, Lola, Jo, Samuel and Evonne.
Lisa Bryant Lola Elwood Jo Mausbach Samuel Sun Evonne Tuttle
4 U.S. Bancorp
 