D

ear Shareowner 2010 was another strong year for

United Technologies. Solid execution across our business units delivered double-digit earnings growth despite numerous challenges in many of our end markets. In addition to meeting our 2010 financial goals, we positioned United Technologies for sustained double-digit earnings growth in the future. We expanded our presence in higher-growth emerging markets, increased our investment in game-changing technologies, and maintained our focus on cost reduction and disciplined cash redeployment.
Proactive restructuring and improved productivity drove exceptional margin expansion across United Technologies last year. Along with strong operating performance came strong cash generation, with cash flow from operations less capital expenditures again exceeding net income. We returned approximately 75 percent of this cash flow to shareowners through dividends and share repurchases.* We also increased the dividend 10 percent, marking the 74th consecutive year United Technologies has paid dividends to shareowners. In addition, UTC repurchased $2.2 billion in stock, completed nearly $3 billion in acquisitions and contributed more than $1.5 billion to our global pension plans. Over the past decade, United Technologies has continued to outperform our peers and key market indices on total shareowner return. For the period from December 31, 2000, through December 31, 2010, UTC has delivered total shareowner return of 140 percent, nearly four times the Dow Jones Industrials and more than nine times the S&P 500. We look to 2011 with confidence in our ability to again deliver solid earnings growth. Despite continued uncertainty in the strength and timing of the global economic recovery, we see improvement in most of our end markets, with particular strength in emerging markets and commercial aerospace. These improving markets give us confidence in our ability to accelerate top-line organic growth in 2011. Our lean cost structure resulting from aggressive restructuring actions will allow us to convert growth opportunities into strong bottom-line results. Looking further ahead, research and development focused on game-changing technologies will continue to drive growth. Last year, UTC invested more than $3.6 billion in companyand customer-funded R&D, including the innovative Sikorsky X2 Technology demonstrator and Pratt & Whitney's revolutionary PurePower Geared Turbofan engine. In December, Airbus became the fourth aircraft manufacturer to select the Geared Turbofan engine when it announced the new engine option (neo) for its A320 family of aircraft. We believe this selection will greatly enhance Pratt & Whitney's position in the commercial aircraft market for decades to come and validates

our strategy of investing in technologies in anticipation of where our markets are headed. Also positioning UTC for long-term growth are the aggressive restructuring and portfolio improvements we have made. One example is Carrier's business transformation over the last few years. Carrier realigned its portfolio by divesting low-performing, non-core assets and investing in high-technology, energy-efficient, and environmentally sound products and services. As a result, Carrier has become a stronger, more focused and higher returns business. UTC's portfolio was further strengthened by the $1.8 billion acquisition of GE Security, which closed in March 2010. This acquisition added scale, market reach and product offerings, enhancing UTC Fire & Security's status as a leading franchise in the $100 billion global fire safety and electronic security industry. Solid execution and integration made this acquisition accretive in year one, ahead of schedule, demonstrating our disciplined approach to acquisitions and capital redeployment. Across the entire company, our ACE (Achieving Competitive Excellence) operating system continues to drive cost reduction, improved efficiencies and customer satisfaction. Having achieved our goal of certifying 70 percent of UTC sites at ACE Silver or Gold, we set higher targets in 2010 with a new goal of 80 percent by 2012. We recognize that improving our supply chain performance is critical to sustaining the benefits of ACE, which is why we also increased the target number of suppliers in our industry-leading Supplier Gold program from 50 to 70 percent of UTC's key supplier spend. Just as important as our business accomplishments is the manner in which we achieve them. UTC has an unwavering commitment to maintaining the highest ethical standards, to providing a safe and healthy workplace for our employees, and to demonstrating environmental leadership in our operations and products. To measure our performance in these areas, we established an aggressive set of four-year performance goals in 2006. We closed 2010 exceeding our targets with a 73 percent reduction in the lost workday incident rate, a 24 percent absolute reduction in water consumption, and a 22 percent absolute reduction in greenhouse gas emissions. Building upon this success, we launched new 2015 Sustainability Goals in January 2011. These goals again include aggressive absolute reduction targets for greenhouse gas emissions, water consumption and non-recycled waste. Our 2015 goals set higher targets for employee safety worldwide and greater energy-efficiency performance for all new products. We also have expanded our goals to include targeted supply chain reductions. The evolution of our Sustainability Goals reflects our culture of continuous improvement and reaffirms our belief that profitability and responsibility go hand in hand. In closing, I continue to see tremendous opportunities for United Technologies. Our portfolio of products and services uniquely positions UTC to support, and to benefit from, widespread urbanization and growth in today's emerging markets. Countries such as China and India are already seeing big changes with much more to come. Around the world, more skyscrapers, schools, airports, hospitals and stadiums are being built ­ and the need for air travel between cities is increasingly evident. As this occurs, and global demand for energy rises,

the need for energy-efficient solutions creates additional opportunities. UTC's energy-efficient innovations of today will be the best practices of tomorrow, reducing environmental impact, eliminating waste and driving our long-term growth. As always, the performance highlighted throughout this report reflects the dedication and commitment of an experienced senior management team and more than 200,000 UTC employees around the world. On behalf of all shareowners, we again thank employees for their many contributions and for making UTC a truly extraordinary company. It also is appropriate to thank all of our customers for the trust and confidence they place in us. We remain committed to finding better, faster and more efficient ways to deliver value. We will continue to set big goals and deliver big results for our customers and shareowners.
Louis R. Chênevert

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
4 United

