Louis R. Chênevert Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

2 United Technologies Corporation

Dear Shareowner

2009 was a year of many global challenges and yet also a year in which

we made great progress. As the world economy weakened, we focused on what we could control. We lowered our costs, effectively redeployed capital, and strengthened our portfolio with key acquisitions and divestures. In an extraordinarily difficult business environment, strong execution allowed us to deliver solid financial results and value to customers while positioning UTC to continue to outperform peers in 2010 and beyond. Difficult end markets across our businesses resulted in lower revenues and earnings for the year. However, exceptionally effective cost controls and restructuring in advance of reduced volumes allowed us to report strong operating margins. Solid execution on cost and working capital goals also resulted in exceptional cash performance, with cash flow from operations less capital expenditures once again exceeding net income attributable to common shareowners, even after $1.3 billion in pension contributions. UTC continued to outperform on total shareowner return. Notwithstanding the toughest business conditions in decades, our total return for the year was 33 percent, ranking UTC 11th among the Dow Jones Industrials and within the top half of the S&P 500. Of today's 30 Dow Jones Industrial stocks, UTC is one of just two companies whose share price more than doubled in the last decade. UTC's dividend rate over the same period nearly tripled. We look ahead to 2010 with confidence. While near-term outlooks for commercial aerospace and global construction markets remain uncertain, we expect to grow earnings despite flat organic revenues.
Louis R. Chênevert, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, stands before a bank of Otis Gen2 elevators at the new Connecticut Science Center, which opened in 2009. The science center generates the majority of its energy needs from a UTC Power fuel cell, one of the cleanest energy-generation sources in the world today.

Moreover, UTC is well positioned to resume strong revenue growth when the global economy does recover. We continue to invest in products and technologies that will allow UTC to take advantage of megatrends that will shape the world in coming decades, including rapid growth in emerging markets, urbanization and demand for energy-efficient as well as environmentally sound solutions. Last year, UTC spent $3.7 billion on company- and customer-funded research and development. Hamilton Sundstrand delivered nine major systems that contributed to the successful first flight of Boeing's 787 Dreamliner airplane. Hamilton Sundstrand is the largest integrated systems supplier on this remarkable new airplane. Flight testing confirmed Pratt & Whitney's revolutionary PurePower Geared Turbofan engine technology, delivering double-digit reductions in fuel burn, emissions, noise and maintenance costs. Alongside these is Sikorsky's X2 Technology demonstrator aircraft, recognized as one of the world's top new technologies by Time magazine, Popular Science and Popular Mechanics, and affirming our belief that X2 Technology has the potential to transform vertical flight and open new helicopter markets accordingly. We made significant investments at the same time in our commercial businesses where demand is growing for products that reduce building energy consumption and associated greenhouse gas emissions. This demand creates extraordinary opportunities for UTC with our unique portfolio of energy-efficient products and solutions as well as our strong presence in rapidly urbanizing emerging markets. In addition to investments in new technologies, our aggressive restructuring efforts have positioned UTC for long-term growth. By consolidating its large network of branch offices, UTC Fire & Security has lowered costs, better aligned itself with customers and positioned the company for growth. Carrier's business

2009 Annual Report 3

transformation continued in 2009 with the divesture of low-performing assets outside of its core businesses and the acquisition of high-technology solutions and services companies. Otis, already the most profitable and cost-efficient company in its industry, continued to drive earnings growth by increasing and enhancing services to customers globally. At the center of our restructuring efforts and productivity improvements is our ACE (Achieving Competitive Excellence) operating system. By the end of 2009, 70 percent of company sites had achieved the highest operating performance levels of ACE Silver or Gold. To sustain the benefits of ACE, we are now driving this industry-leading operating system across UTC's supply base and remain on track to achieve our goal of having 70 percent of key suppliers at the highest levels by 2011. Our performance in 2009 was achieved with a complete commitment to corporate responsibility: operating with the highest ethical standards, protecting people and the environment, and contributing to the communities where we conduct business. UTC has embraced sustainability, not only in our products, but also within our operations. As in prior years, we exceeded our rigorous goals for employee safety, greenhouse gas emissions and water consumption in 2009, and remain on track to do the same in 2010. Looking to the future, our experienced management team, strong balance sheet and focus on operational excellence allow us to see opportunities in these uncertain times. We also have the finest workforces in our industries. Through the efforts and commitment of these employees, UTC has become a stronger company under the worst economic conditions of our lifetimes. On behalf of all shareowners, we thank our more than 205,000 employees for embracing change and making UTC a truly amazing company. In closing, I want to acknowledge the extraordinary leadership of my predecessor and friend, George David. At the end of 2009, George retired from UTC after a 34-year career that included 14 years as Chief Executive and 13 years as Chairman. During his tenure as Chairman or CEO, UTC's revenues more than doubled, and our market capitalization rose from $8 billion to $64 billion as 2009 closed. UTC also returned $26 billion to shareowners in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Total shareowner return between 1994 and year-end 2009 exceeded 1,000 percent, compared to 296 percent for the Dow Jones Industrials and 223 percent for the S&P 500. Perhaps most notably, George demonstrated that corporate responsibility and profitability go hand in hand. He was unwavering in his insistence that UTC achieve unmatched financial results while maintaining the highest levels of corporate citizenship. With his unrelenting pursuit of excellence, process discipline and commitment to customers, George turned our company into a global, high-performance organization. I am proud to carry on this legacy and build upon these accomplishments in the years ahead.

Louis R. Chênevert Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

4 United Technologies Corporation

