To Our Shareholders
Fiscal year 2005 was a good year, as all three of the Company’s operating segments — Tobacco, Lumber and Building Products, and Agri-Products — performed well. It was also a very challenging year in many respects:
• Tobacco shipments from Brazil and Africa were delayed throughout the first three quarters of the fiscal year, which adversely affected quarterly comparisons. Most of these shipments were completed by the end of the year.
• A charge of $14.9 million was recorded in the second quarter to cover announced European Union fines, which we are appealing, levied against certain of the Company’s subsidiaries for their buying practices in Spain. As the fines are not deductible for tax purposes, this charge reduced net income for the fiscal year by $14.9 million, or $0.58 per diluted share, and increased the Company’s effective tax rate from 38% to 41%.
• Implementation of new internal control reporting requirements mandated by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act cost the Company $5 million in consulting and audit fees and required thousands of hours of work by employees throughout the organization.
Net income for fiscal year 2005 was $96 million, or $3.73 per diluted share, compared to $95.8 million, or $3.80 per diluted share, for the twelve months ended March 31, 2004, which has been recast for the effect of last year’s change in fiscal year. Results for the recast twelve months ended March 31, 2004, also contained a number of unusual items, including $12 million for the settlement of the DeLoach lawsuit
in May 2003, $5.7 million in charges for rationalizing U.S. operations, and $10.8 million in charges for rejected tobacco. Those charges totaled $18.4 million after taxes, or $0.73 per diluted share. For detailed information on the Company’s fiscal year 2005 per- formance, please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the following 2005 Annual Report
on Form 10-K.
We expect fiscal year 2006 to be another
challenging year, particularly for tobacco. Larger crops are being marketed in South America and Africa, and drought conditions have diminished the quality of the very large Brazilian flue-cured crop. As a result, there will be market imbalances for many leaf grades and styles, and uncommitted inventories held by the indus- try are likely to increase. Although we are optimistic about the prospects for our non-tobacco operations, economic conditions in Europe, where our Lumber and Building Products operations are based, continue to be difficult, and Agri-Products markets remain volatile. We also expect that interest rates will be higher in fiscal year 2006, and continuing Sarbanes-Oxley compliance costs will remain significant.
To address the difficult operating environment that we anticipate in fiscal year 2006, management is taking action in a number of areas:
• Customer service — We are continuing our efforts to not only meet, but exceed our customers’ expectations with respect to the quality of our prod- ucts and services. As one example of this, we are
1
2005 Annual Report
                  
implementing new policies and procedures through- out our worldwide organization to improve the quality of tobacco delivered to us, especially in terms of non- tobacco related material.
• Cost reduction—World markets for all of the products that we handle are extremely competitive. We are continuing to focus on cost reductions and efficiency improvements and have set an objective of eliminating about $9 million in costs by the end of fiscal year 2006.
• Investment grade credit rating—The Company’s debt levels have increased sharply over the last few years to finance the expansion of tobacco production in Africa, purchases of larger Brazilian crops, and higher levels of business in our Lumber and Building Products and Agri-Products operations. As a result, credit rating agencies lowered our debt ratings near the end of our fiscal year. While we recognize that recent changes in our business model, particularly increases in direct grower contracting, require higher levels of financing, we plan to take the actions neces- sary to maintain our investment grade status.
Once again, I want to thank our many committed employees worldwide for their hard work and contribu- tions to the Company’s success. I would like to particu- larly recognize our internal audit department and our global finance team for their dedication and outstanding efforts in implementing the new reporting requirements mandated by the U.S. Sarbanes-Oxley legislation.
Finally, I would also like to express my apprecia- tion to our customers and to our shareholders for their continued support.
The Company cautions readers that any for- ward-looking statements contained herein are based upon management’s current knowledge and assump- tions about future events, including anticipated levels of demand for and supply of the Company’s products and services; costs incurred in providing these prod- ucts and services; timing of shipments to customers; changes in market structure; and general economic, political, market, and weather conditions. Lumber and building products earnings are also affected by changes in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the euro. Actual results, therefore, could vary from those expected. For more details on factors that could affect expectations, and for more information on the Company’s fiscal year 2005 operating results, please see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in the following 2005 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Allen B. King
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
2
2005 Annual Report
                   