TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We closed fiscal year 2011 on a positive note with diluted earnings per share of $5.42, very near the record earnings we achieved in fiscal year 2010. Following unusually high demand during fiscal years 2009 and 2010, volumes were off somewhat for the year, but overall performance was solid.
I am very proud of our results in fiscal year 2011. The depth and quality of our personnel and worldwide operations continued to serve us well by providing a sound base from which to capitalize on opportunities as they presented themselves. However, I am particularly proud of our accomplishments in light of the challenging market conditions that we faced. In the last two years, both Japan Tobacco and Philip Morris International have taken steps to purchase more of their leaf needs directly from farmers. We have already experienced the main effects of Japan Tobacco’s move last year in the United States, Malawi, and Brazil. Philip Morris International’s recent assumption of farmer contracts will reduce our Brazilian purchases in fiscal year 2012. As we said last year, we expect our processing volumes in the United States to decline significantly as two important U.S. processing contracts have expired. That reduction of U.S. business could cause a decrease in operating income of about $30 million. In the near term, it will be a challenge to replace those processing volumes, but globally we have had good success in broadening our customer base and expanding the services we offer our customers over the last year, as evidenced by our results.
  4 UNIVERSAL CORPORATION

As I write, markets in Brazil and Africa are in full swing, and we are seeing the effects of the leaf oversupply that we have been predicting. We expect to see the financial impact of lower leaf prices and tighter margins that typify such cycles in fiscal year 2012 and probably into fiscal year 2013. We believe that, during the two prior fiscal years of higher than normal demand, some customers increased their leaf inventory levels. Those higher inventories, combined with softer cigarette sales in some markets, have led to reduced leaf demand for current crops, evidenced by slower than normal purchasing in major markets. Of course, that situation can also create buying opportunities for those customers who are able to take advantage of lower prices and good quality to make strategic purchases.
Periodic cycles of under- and oversupply of leaf are part of our business, and we have successfully navigated many oversupplied markets during the long history of the company. Although dealer unsold inventories are currently not excessive, we expect they will grow over the next year or two. Our uncommitted inventories are currently at very manageable levels, and we are working aggressively to avoid excess inventories during the oversupply period. However, we will not be able to avoid some accumulation of unsold inventory or the inevitable pressure on margins that comes with that part of the cycle. As we saw this oversupply developing, we began taking steps to mitigate its effects. I am confident that we will successfully manage our way through this cycle as we have in the past. We are approaching decisions in each market in a very focused and informed manner, always careful not to overreact and reduce productive capacity that we will need in the future. Our business partners, both farmers and manufacturers, are also keenly aware of the situation, and we are having a productive dialogue on how best to address it. The dealer industry adds value to the system, and these discussions are proof of that value.
2011 ANNUAL REPORT 5

We believe that our discipline, our dedicated workforce, and our conservative capital structure will serve us well through this market cycle. We are also continuing our cost-saving restructuring initiatives, and we will remain focused on opportunities to control or reduce costs. As we do that, we are mindful that it can mean saying farewell to some good friends. That is never easy, especially in a company that values loyalty as we do. I assure you that we will always be fair and respectful of our people.
It is with a bit of sadness and a full measure of respect that I note that Hubert R. Stallard will retire from the Board of Directors in August after 20 years of service. He has held the chair of the Pension Investment Committee for more than half that time, and his steady hand there helped us deal with the effects of the financial crisis on our pension assets. I salute his long service to the Company and especially note that his consensus-building style has been invaluable to me and all the Company’s management over the years. His long-term perspective has been appreciated. Hugh recently said that he had experienced several periods of oversupply during his time
 6 UNIVERSAL CORPORATION

with the Company, but never before seen the Company better prepared to deal with the situation than it is today. It is all about teamwork among the directors, management at headquarters, management in the origins, and our employees worldwide. It is also about maintaining effective dialogue with our partners, both suppliers and customers. Hugh embodies the collegial and respectful spirit that permeates our Company today. We will all miss his leadership greatly.
George C. Freeman, III
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
  2011 ANNUAL REPORT 7
