TO OUR SHAREHOlDERS
 Fiscal year 2008 was a momentous year for Universal Corporation. We celebrated the Company’s ninetieth birthday. In a world where the life span of a large public company ranges from 25 and 40 years, this is worth celebrating. During this ninety year history, we have prided ourselves on being a leader in our industry. We have led the industry in developing new markets, in creating processing technology, and in building a strong financial foundation.
During the last three years, I have been traveling the world visiting our customers and operations and have gained perspective on our industry. First, I return home from these visits knowing that no matter how remote the location, our employees and our management are the best in the business and are Universal people to the core. To our employees, a career at Universal is not a job but a calling, a relationship that defines them and stays with them even after their careers are over. The sense of kinship and unity among our employees past and present is hard to comprehend in a modern, mobile, and often impersonal, world. I feel it without question whenever I visit one of our sites and when I walk in the front door of our headquarters office. Our employees are living examples of the core values that have allowed your Company to survive and thrive in the past, and will allow it to thrive in the future – Integrity, Professionalism, and Loyalty. I am very excited to be a part of this future.
Second, our customers want us to succeed, as we are vital to their success. Our customers continue to rely on us to provide them the leaf tobacco that they need for their manufactured products. They need to be able to count on us to do our job, and they can. Universal has a proud history of sourcing leaf tobacco and providing value-added services to manufacturers of tobacco products. We want to be the supplier of choice to the world’s leading manufacturers of tobacco products. We will grow as our customers grow, and perhaps more importantly, we will seek opportunities to provide them additional value-added, tobacco-related services.
Here is where our core values unite our customers with our employees. Our customers will increase their reliance on us only if they consider us to be a reliable and trustworthy resource. The greater the level of reliance, the greater the need for such assurances. By demonstrating our core values to our customers each and every working day as we provide solutions for their continuing need for lower cost services, we will be the most trusted source of comprehensive tobacco-related services in the industry, and we will grow. We will continue to provide outstanding returns to our shareholders.
The rest of this letter offers my perspective on:
• 2008 Highlights and Industry Outlook
• Looking Forward
• Management Changes and Organization of Universal
Universal Corporation | 4
our
90t
ANNIVERSARY
h

2008 Highlights and Industry Outlook
Fiscal year 2008 was a very good year for Universal. This was a period of great change within our organization as we renewed our focus on the tobacco business and began the transition in leadership. We continued to improve communications across our global operations. We focused on our cost structure, eliminating some of the unnecessary and expensive items, such as corporate aviation, and initiating the relocation of our headquarters to a smaller, more cost-effective, facility. The focus on cost management will not abate in the years to come, but I believe we have achieved a cultural change in our organization. Our employees worldwide are aligned in our goal to prudently manage the way we spend your money. Our core values -- Integrity, Professionalism, and Loyalty -- have carried us through the challenges we faced during the year, and they will provide us the foundation on which we can grow our business with our customers, who are our strategic partners.
Through these initiatives, we delivered solid returns to our shareholders and accomplished a number of objectives.
• Improved Economic Profit
We improved economic profit, one of our key metrics, which measures the return earned on the funds
employed in our business after a capital charge. Many of our regions contributed to our improvement in this measure.
• Improved Earnings Per Share
We also improved earnings per share, another key metric. We earned $119 million, or $3.71 per diluted share, from our continuing operations, compared to $80 million, or $2.52 per diluted share, last year. Although a number of unusual elements affected our earnings, we were proud of our operating performance. Most of our regions performed well, while others made notable progress.
Our North America segment had a one-time trading opportunity in old crop burley pool tobacco during fiscal year 2007, and we expected that the lack of such an opportunity in fiscal year 2008 would cause a significant decline in earnings this year. Although North American earnings were down slightly, much of the anticipated negative effect was mitigated by higher volumes in our ongoing traditional business.
In the Other Regions segment of our flue-cured and burley operations, we saw excellent performance by South America as they successfully dealt with the demands of higher U.S. dollar costs in a highly competitive environment. Our European and Asian operations both increased volumes, and Europe expanded the volume of reconstituted sheet produced for customers. African results were disappointing, as the short burley crops in Malawi and Mozambique created a difficult operating environment. The Other Tobacco Operations segment benefited from the liquidation of the bulk of our Special Services inventory this year.
• Improved Supply and Demand Balance
We began the year looking for a better balance between supply and demand after the industry oversupply situation in 2006 and 2007, but by year end, the market had overcorrected. Early in the year, the weather- reduced burley crops in Southern Africa tipped the market balance into a shortage. Our unit costs increased as we processed less tobacco, and we were not able to fill all of our burley orders. We chose to focus on supporting those manufacturers who supported us during the oversupply period that began in 2006.
5 | 2008 Annual Report

Burley crops are projected to be below demand this year, while flue-cured tobacco currently appears to be closer to a balanced situation. Uncommitted inventories have fallen rapidly this year. As of March 31, 2008, the combined volumes of our flue-cured and burley inventories available for sale were down by more than 50 percent from their levels last year.
• Reduced Funds Required by Operations
We did a good job of reducing the funds required by our operations. Most of the reduction occurred in Africa, where we exited our flue-cured growing projects and experienced short burley crops this year. Short crops may have helped us reduce our inventories and thus our funds employed, but the tighter market has caused our unsold flue-cured and burley stocks around the world to decline precipitously. We again held our capital expenditures below depreciation.
• Increased Funds Returned to Shareholders
In November 2007, our Board of Directors voted to approve our 37th consecutive annual dividend increase. Based on our results and the improved cash flow picture, they also approved a $150 million share repurchase program that balances our goal of returning funds to our shareholders in a disciplined manner while maintaining our ability to pursue growth opportunities. During the last five months of the fiscal year, we spent $17.3 million to purchase approximately 325,000 shares.
Looking Forward
For the immediate future, we will continue to focus on improving our total return to shareholders by generating economic profit and increasing earnings per share while maintaining a strong financial position. To accomplish this objective, we will control our costs and review marginal operations for viability. We will consider opportunities to expand supply only when and where we have clear customer financial support and an acceptable level of risk. We will continue to look for areas in which we can provide additional cost-effective services and which will provide acceptable returns to our shareholders. Beyond the fiscal year, we continue to be concerned about the long-term sustainability of tobacco production at current price levels due to global agricultural inflation and competition from other crops. We believe that the industry must focus on ensuring that farmers have economic incentives to continue to grow tobacco, but we have to balance that interest with the needs of our customers.
As we turn to the future, I believe that if we adhere to our core values – Integrity, Professionalism, and Loyalty – we will achieve our vision to be the supplier of choice to the world’s leading manufacturers of tobacco products. I affirm that our senior management around the globe is committed to that goal.
Management Changes and Organization of Universal
Allen B. King retired as Chief Executive Officer at the end of the fiscal year and will retire as Chairman of the Board at the annual shareholders’ meeting in August. On behalf of the entire organization, I would like to thank Allen for his 39 years of service to the Company and his leadership over the last five years as our Chairman and CEO. During his tenure at the head of the Company, we experienced great change through the consolidation of our competition and our customers, the sale of our non-tobacco operations, and the renewal of our focus on our core tobacco business. He led us through these changes, and as our annual results show, we are a stronger company today. I am honored to follow his footsteps as Chief Executive Officer of this wonderful Company.
Universal Corporation | 6

 I also note our respected veteran Chief Financial Officer, Hart Roper, will retire at the end of August after 34 years of service. We will miss him dearly and wish him well.
While we may be losing some talented colleagues, we are not losing all of our experience. Hart’s successor, David Moore, is no newcomer, having spent over 30 years with the Company. Our principal operating officer, Keith Brewer, has been with the Company for 31 years. Their experience and deep knowledge of the industry will help ensure a seamless transition in the management of the Company.
Speaking of Universal’s senior management, it is important to understand that only half of us sit at our corporate headquarters in Richmond. As I prepared the organization for the retirement of some of our key executives, I focused on the marriage of our decentralized corporate culture with today’s information requirements. Our strong regional management is a great asset to our organization, and I believe it gives us a competitive advantage. Tapping the knowledge base and energy of our worldwide management team – a group of dedicated loyal Universal people – has ensured that we speak with one voice, and our goals, vision, and values are shared throughout this organization. There is a new energy throughout the organization and among senior management worldwide. This energy was instrumental in achieving our good results in fiscal year 2008.
In closing, you are the owners of a wonderful organization with a proud past, excellent employees, and a wonderful future. It is a privilege to work for this organization and an honor to lead it.
George C. Freeman, III
President and Chief Executive Officer
 7 | 2008 Annual Report
