To Our Shareholders
Fiscal year 2007 was a very important year for your Company. Our performance was greatly improved, but perhaps more importantly, we took numerous actions that we believe will improve our performance in the future and enable us to capitalize on opportunities.
In fiscal year 2007, we focused on the improvement and correct positioning of our core tobacco business. We sold most of our non-tobacco businesses in September 2006, followed by smaller sales since then, and the remainder is held for sale. We also made the difficult decision to exit our direct involvement in growing flue-cured tobacco in Malawi and Zambia, although we continue to purchase flue-cured tobacco produced in that region.
We had a good year, and our stock price rose over 66% during the twelve months. Despite the changes and challenges we faced in fiscal year 2007, our continuing operations earned $80 million, or $2.52 per diluted share, including restructuring and impairment charges of $31 million, or $0.93 per diluted share, primarily related to the African growing projects. This is a substantial improvement over last year’s loss from our tobacco operations of $3 million, which included nearly $58 million in restructuring and impairment charges related to the closure of our Danville, Virginia, factory and the deconsolidation of our Zimbabwe operations.
Each of our reporting segments contributed to the improvement. Results for the North America segment increased by $15 million, or over 60%, due to increased exports and processing volumes, cost savings associated with operating in one factory, sales of old stock burley tobacco, and better pricing. Our Other Regions segment showed an increase in earnings of nearly $60 million through a combination of strong volumes, improved pricing, and cost control, as well as the favorable resolution of a Brazilian tax case and the absence of Zimbabwe losses in 2007. Results for this segment included provisions for losses on supplier financing of $32 million, compared to $29 million in the prior year. Over half of the charges in each year related to financing flue-cured growing projects in Africa. In addition, we recognized tobacco inventory write-downs of $13 million this year and $10 million
last year related to those growing projects. Our Other Tobacco Operations segment also showed substantial improvement in operating income on better sales of dark air-cured wrapper and leaf, the closure of Columbian dark air-cured operations, and lower overhead.
For several years, we have been operating in an oversupply environment, primarily in flue-cured leaf in Brazil where crop quality and a steadily appreciating local currency made that tobacco less attractive. We have reduced our crop size in Brazil, and worldwide burley tobacco appears to be in short supply. We have also been successful in reducing our operating and overhead costs.
Universal Corporation | 2

We will continue our efforts to improve results in fiscal year 2008, but we have a few challenges facing us. With the decision to exit our direct involvement in our flue-cured growing projects in Malawi and Zambia, we have reduced our investment in the related farming assets and do not anticipate significant write downs on these projects going forward. However, flue-cured tobacco production will be lower, and we will have to adjust our operations to reflect reduced processing volumes.
In addition, Brazil is now almost finished buying a smaller, better quality crop, but our local costs are rising as the dollar continues to weaken against the Brazilian real and other local currencies. Also, North America will not repeat its significant old crop burley tobacco sales this year, and it will have to cope with another reduction in Canadian volume.
We are a much different company today than we were at the beginning of fiscal year 2007. We are leaner, and we are focused on our core business – leaf tobacco. We have eliminated unprofitable activities, and our financial position has dramatically improved.
We believe that our future success is in large part dependent on remaining the low cost provider of high quality products and services to manufacturers of tobacco products. To achieve our goal, we must continue to focus on improving the efficiency of our operations, lowering our overhead costs, and meeting the expectations of our customers.
Many of the tough decisions and actions we have taken over the past two fiscal years would not have been possible without the support of our shareholders and our many dedicated employees and colleagues around the world. We are grateful for their efforts in 2007.
Finally, it is with great sadness that we mark the passing of Thomas R. Towers, Director Emeritus, in January 2007. Tom was a trusted and admired colleague who took great delight in all aspects of
our business and was a key figure in the development of our international organization. He was a true gentleman, and his guidance and presence will be greatly missed.
Allen B. King
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
George C. Freeman III
President
  3 | 2007 Annual Report
