A LETTER FROM OUR CHAIRMAN
JOSEPH W. SAUNDERS
Executive Chairman Visa Inc.

Dear Shareholders,
I am proud to report the results of another successful year for Visa.

For more than 50 years, Visa has helped its clients grow their payments businesses by focusing on both their shortterm performance goals and their long-term success. In fiscal year 2012, our client-focused approach helped Visa achieve strong business results and deliver on our commitment to remain a growth company. Net operating revenue in fiscal year 2012 was a record $10.4 billion, a 13 percent increase over 2011. Adjusted net income was $4.2 billion, a 19 percent increase over the prior year. Full-year adjusted diluted earnings per share came in at $6.20, 24 percent ahead of last year.

These results were achieved during a year of remarkable change within our industry. Advances in technology are opening up opportunities to conduct transactions in new ways and in new places. Electronic payments are rapidly expanding around the world, taking root in emerging markets and allowing more people to enjoy the benefits of financial inclusion. We fully expect these changes to continue, marking the beginning of another wave of growth for electronic payments.

To guide our business, we adhere to a simple vision: to be the Best Way to Pay and Be Paid. Visa's differentiated products and services help the Company maintain strong and mutually productive relationships with its financial institutions, merchants and governments around the world. Our innovation-related investments ­ namely the acquisitions of CyberSource, PlaySpan and Fundamo ­ create value and help partners offer leading payment products and services. Behind these products and services are a global brand and a powerful payments network that handled more than $3.9 trillion in payments volume during fiscal year 2012. And perhaps most important are Visa's 8,500 employees who deliver an unmatched depth of payments expertise and insight to our partners every day. Collectively, these assets create a strong foundation on which to build ­ our foundation for the future.

In fiscal year 2012, Visa took significant steps to build on this foundation and further position the Company for future growth. Specifically, Visa worked to expand its core products and services business, accelerate growth in international markets, and invest in new payments technologies.

EXPANDING OUR CORE BUSINESS; GROWTH IN INTERNATIONAL MARKETS
Visa's long-term success is deeply rooted in continued expansion of our core business around the world. One important example of our success was a double-digit payments volume increase for credit products in the United States, as Visa added new clients and built upon our strong existing relationships. A key contributor was our expanded relationship with United Airlines, which began exclusively issuing Mileage Plus Visa cards to all new customers in January, following its merger with Continental Airlines.

Visa's core business also adapted to significant market changes in 2012, as we faced debit regulation in the United States. Overall, the situation played out as expected and inline with our financial guidance. That being said, this regulation negatively impacted our business, resulting in reduced debit volumes as well as permanent market share losses. Our post-regulation priority has been to work closely with our clients and help them adapt to the new environment. And over the course of the year, we successfully secured all 15 of our top U.S. debit issuers to longterm contracts. Finally, while we are still in the early stages of the new environment, it appears our revised debit strategies are gaining traction and meeting Visa's own operational and financial expectations.

Importantly, revenue in Visa's international geographies grew 16 percent during the fiscal year, accelerating progress toward our stated goal of achieving more than 50 percent of our global revenue from international markets by 2015. In several critical markets, including Brazil, Russia, Japan, the Gulf Cooperation Council, Mexico, and subSaharan Africa, we have deployed tailored acceleration plans to substantially increase revenue growth over a fiveyear horizon.

For example, in Brazil, Visa reached an agreement with all of our major clients that will result in more than 90 percent of our transactions in that country being routed over VisaNet (up from 63 percent). This agreement advances one of Visa's top strategic goals: ensuring a greater share of transactions get processed on VisaNet, which allows us to deliver better fraud detection, differentiated information products and improved transaction quality to cardholders, merchants and our financial institution customers.

In Russia, where over 80 percent of consumer spending remains cash-based, Visa made substantial progress expanding usage in "everyday spend" merchant categories, a strategy that aligns particularly well with our strong stable of debit cards in that country. One highlight was the launch of Visa acceptance at Magnit, the country's largest grocery chain with more than 5,000 stores. In fact, Visa is now accepted at the four largest food retail chains in Russia, an important step toward accelerating growth in that country.

NEW PAYMENT TECHNOLOGIES
We are aggressively investing in new and differentiated technologies that will increase the number of transactions on our core business platforms, add incremental value to the merchant community and their acquirers, and forge new revenue opportunities for both Visa and our financial institution clients. Importantly, we know that our innovations must create real value for our clients' accountholders who ultimately use these products and services.

This year, Visa began scaling our digital wallet service, V.me, to help Visa and its clients capture significant growth opportunities in eCommerce. The technology for V.me is fully developed, and we are now focused on expanding our network of participating financial institutions and online merchants. Currently we have more than 50 agreements with leading U.S. issuers, including four of the 10 largest financial institutions. This provides the potential for us to bring V.me to more than 50 million consumers. At the same time, we are making progress signing up merchants and expect to have more than 1,000 online merchants using V.me by the middle of 2013.

Meanwhile, in markets around the world, Visa continued to deploy next-generation payment innovations that address the unique needs of particular geographies. For example, using Fundamo's technology, Visa introduced Visa Mobile Prepaid with MTN Group, Vodafone and France Telecom's Orange Money. These programs will offer secure, reliable, and globally interoperable electronic payment accounts to unbanked consumers in several developing markets.

Technology is also opening up new opportunities for expanded merchant acceptance, as new mobile point-of-sale (mPOS) devices, such as Square, are enabling merchants to accept card payments without the need for traditional point-of-sale equipment and landline infrastructure. Since Visa's investment in Square in 2011, we have been testing and certifying several manufacturers around the world to provide mobile-based card acceptance solutions. Looking ahead, we are also in advanced discussions with a variety of financial institutions about launching pilot acceptance programs in a wide range of markets over the next 12 months.

DELIVERING SHARED VALUE
Visa's products and services remove friction from commerce worldwide by providing consumers convenient and secure access to their funds, while reducing cash and check handling costs for merchants and governments. Ultimately this delivers tangible economic benefits. According to a recent study by Moody's Economy.com, between 2008 and 2012, the shift away from cash and checks toward electronic payments added $983 billion to GDP across the global economy. Additionally, that same study predicts that a future 1 percent increase in card usage globally would produce a 0.056 percent increase in consumption and a 0.035 percent increase in GDP.
Net Revenue: Adjusted Diluted EPS: Dividend Payments: Share Price: 14% CAGR 29% CAGR $1.8 billion $134.28*

RETURN ON INVESTMENT
Visa has delivered significant value for shareholders since its IPO in March 2008:

*Price at FY end, up from $44 at IPO

Visa's vision of being the Best Way to Pay and Be Paid has served us well for several decades. However, being the "best way" means different things in different markets and to different people around the world. Today, 2.5 billion people lack access to basic financial services. That's why we are working with governments and other organizations across the globe to deliver the benefits of electronic payments. This approach creates real value for local markets through economic development while also creating new business opportunities for Visa. That's why we are now adding three important words ­ for Everyone, Everywhere ­ to our vision to guide our efforts globally.

One example of how we are applying this expanded vision to our work comes from Rwanda, where Visa is proactively engaging with policymakers and aligning our own growth agenda with domestic priorities. Our engagement with the Rwandan government seeks to increase access to ­ and usage of ­ electronic payments in that country, with a keen focus on financial inclusion and financial literacy. Through these efforts, Visa is now processing domestic payments and interbank ATM withdrawals and laying the groundwork for a scalable and interoperable mobile money program. And our efforts will help increase tourism volumes from international travelers, a key driver of economic activity and a top government priority.

Of course, as we are successful bringing more participants into the financial mainstream, it is important these new accountholders have the knowledge and expertise to manage their financial lives responsibly. That is why, for more than a decade, Visa has provided free financial literacy programs to millions of parents, teachers, children, and accountholders around the world. Collectively, these programs have reached more than 20 million people in the last four years.

To expand our financial inclusion efforts, Visa proudly joined forces with a group of well-respected leaders in the global development community including the U.N. Capital Development Fund (UNCDF), the U.S. Agency for International

Development (USAID), The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Citi, Ford Foundation, and the Omidyar Network. This new initiative ­ called the "Better Than Cash Alliance" ­ brings together governments, the development community and the private sector to advance the use of electronic payments to support people living in poverty. We look forward to helping this alliance achieve our shared goals of empowering people and growing emerging economies.

LOOKING AHEAD
One of the most important steps toward building on our foundation for the future was the Board's completion of a robust CEO succession process. On November 1, 2012, Charles W. Scharf became Visa's new Chief Executive Officer. I have every confidence that Charlie is the right person for this job. He is a proven leader, is familiar with Visa both as a client and as a board member and, importantly, drove innovation while at the helm of JPMorgan Chase's retail operation. I look forward to working with Charlie to make this transition seamless as I continue in my role as Executive Chairman until I retire in March 2013.

As I entrust the leadership of Visa to its new CEO, its strong management team and its 8,500 employees worldwide, I do so with great confidence. We are in the midst of an important evolution in payments, but Visa has a strong foundation on which to build, and we will continue to adapt, innovate and lead. This will allow Visa to remain the partner of choice for clients and a driving force in bringing electronic payments to more people in more places around the world.

I am proud of the many things ­ operational and financial ­ we have achieved. More importantly, I remain excited by the countless opportunities in front of this company and convinced of its ability to capture them.

JOSEPH W. SAUNDERS
Executive Chairman Visa Inc.

A LETTER FROM OUR CEO
CHARLES W. SCHARF
Chief Executive Officer Visa Inc.

Dear Shareholders,
I was honored to become Visa Inc.'s second Chief Executive Officer in November. I am proud to be part of such a strong and successful organization with a rich payments history. While we are still a young public company, for more than 50 years Visa has played a central role in promoting growth in commerce across the world by encouraging the reduction of cash and working with our partners to move transactions to Visa's fast, convenient, and secure methods of payment.

Our position in the payments industry is unique. Today we process more electronic payments than anyone else in the world. We have the most recognized payments brand globally, ubiquitous acceptance across the world, the best processing network, and the best client relationships in the industry. We face more competition than ever before, but these assets provide a great foundation for us to compete.

We have tremendous opportunities ahead of us. We continue to benefit from the long-term global secular trend away from paper-based payments toward electronic transactions. This alone represents more than $10 trillion of potential payment volume opportunity worldwide. Much of this will come from outside of the United States, where in fiscal year 2012, our payments volume grew at 15 percent and generated 45 percent of our revenue.

The United States holds valuable opportunities for us as well. We are fortunate to have strong relationships with financial institutions of all sizes, and ­ while we have built great acceptance for our products across the country ­ we have to do a better job creating a strong partnership with the merchant community.

The world of evolving technologies provides both risks and opportunities for us. We will not abandon our core business model of working with financial institutions and governments, but as payments technology rapidly evolves, we need to adapt, innovate, and be open to new partnerships and platforms, such as digital wallets and mobile payments.

I want to thank Joe Saunders for his many achievements in guiding Visa through its transformation to a successful public company. He has been a great leader and a friend to many at Visa, and the results under his leadership are impressive, particularly in the face of a challenging global economy and an evolving industry landscape.

While I have only been CEO for a short time, I am energized by the spirit of my partners at Visa. This is an organization filled with people who are proud to work here and believe in our future. This is an exciting time in our industry and I look forward to making the Company as successful in the future as it has been in our past.

CHARLES W. SCHARF
Chief Executive Officer Visa Inc.

