Dear Stockholders:
Four years ago, when Visa reorganized our global business and undertook the largest IPO in U.S. history, we made an ambitious commitment to investors that Visa would be a growth company over the long-term. And I'm pleased to report that ­ despite a prolonged economic downturn and an increasingly challenging operating environment ­ Visa has delivered on that commitment year after year. Fiscal 2011 was no exception, as Visa posted strong fi nancial growth. Net operating revenue was a record $9.2 billion, a 14% increase over fi scal 2010. Adjusted net income for the full-year was $3.5 billion, a 22% increase over the prior year. Full-year adjusted diluted earnings per share came in at $4.99, 28% ahead of last year.1 With this performance, I'm pleased that management fully delivered on the guidance we laid out at the beginning of the year. We also delivered on our ongoing commitment to return excess cash to stockholders through a combination of eff ective share repurchases and dividends totaling over $3.6 billion. Of course, fi nancial performance is just one measure of Visa's success. While our strong growth was driven in part by a powerful secular trend away from cash and checks worldwide, Visa continued to accelerate the migration to digital currency by maintaining and expanding strong relationships with our fi nancial institution and merchant clients; extending our international reach; and aggressively investing in innovative next-generation payment technologies. Importantly, we are making steady progress toward our stated goal of deriving 50% of Visa's revenue from international markets by 2015, as we see a particularly signifi cant opportunity to expand our core products in markets where electronic payments are in early stages of adoption. While we are proud of our achievements, the past year was not without its challenges, including ongoing global economic weakness and U.S. debit regulation. Importantly, with the Federal Reserve's fi nal debit rules in hand, we are fully engaged with our key stakeholders, we are focused on their needs, and we are moving forward. Our fi scal 2012 guidance ­ which acknowledges that the impact resulting from regulation will be dilutive to our U.S. debit business but manageable in the context of our global organization ­ incorporates expected reductions in Visa's debit volumes and fees and also refl ects our appreciation that regulation has changed the landscape in which we operate. And while the U.S. debit regulations garnered substantial attention, the overwhelming majority of Visa's

revenues are derived from products and geographies that are not covered by these regulations. In that regard, I'm pleased to say that Visa's employees maintained their focus and continued to advance our growth agenda worldwide. As I look ahead, our aim is to build upon Visa's strong foundation and position our business for growth over the long-term. The narrative of Visa's future growth story is deeply rooted in our core business as we expand our credit, debit, prepaid and commercial businesses, which deliver tremendous value to our fi nancial institution and merchant clients worldwide. And, behind every transaction stands our unrivaled payment network VisaNet, which handled almost 51 billion transactions - up 12% from last year - for a total of $3.7 trillion of payments volume in fi scal 2011. At the same time, competition for consumer wallets is intensifying, and new technologies are rapidly changing how people interact with their money. That's why we are aggressively investing in technologies that off er incremental value to consumers and merchants, while also creating new revenue opportunities for both Visa and our clients. To position our organization for growth in rapidly expanding market segments, we moved quickly over the past 18 months to strengthen our innovation position by assembling what we believe are the best assets in the business, including the acquisition of CyberSource in 2010 and PlaySpan and Fundamo in 2011. Each of these organizations drive revenue growth today, arm Visa and our clients with best-in-class technology, and allow us to quickly bring emerging products to market. Without question, the prospect of a digital wallet generated headlines and captured the imagination of the payments industry in 2011, particularly in the U.S. But while many new entrants are narrowly focused on making Near Field Communication (NFC) payments at the point-of-sale, Visa is taking a much broader view by off ering consumers a seamless and secure payment experience, whether they're paying at the point-of-sale with a card or phone; or buying digital or physical goods online. To that end, we continue to make progress on Visa's next generation eCommerce and mobile payment solutions announced in May, including the deployment of Visa's comprehensive digital wallet solution. This remains a top priority for the organization and we are moving full-steam ahead toward broad commercial availability in 2012. In the immediate term, we are intensely focused on growing our share of the rapidly-expanding eCommerce segment, which is quickly converging with mobile payment. In fact, according to IBM

Coremetrics, almost 10% of eCommerce purchases in October 2011 were made on mobile devices, up from three percent a year earlier. That's why we are making sure ­ whatever payment device or technology a consumer chooses to use ­ the payment experience is even more convenient than when they use their plastic Visa card today. We will soon begin rolling out a superior and simple online shopping experience through a click to buy payment capability, which will be available on mobile devices and at home on your computer. Concurrently, we are forging partnerships to ensure that Visa products can be used easily no matter which wallet a consumer chooses. To that end, we have licensed payWave ­ an NFC-based payment technology ­ to Google Wallet and Isis, the national mobile commerce joint venture between AT&T Mobility, TMobile USA and Verizon Wireless. Additionally, we are investing in innovative mobile-money solutions for emerging markets, with a particular emphasis on increasing access to fi nancial services to drive long-term growth. Fundamo gives us a valuable footprint in emerging economies to partner with fi nancial institutions and mobile network operators to enable mobile payments for the 2.5 billion unbanked adults worldwide, with programs running in 27 countries in Africa, Asia and the Middle East. For example, in markets like Nigeria, Uganda, Bangladesh, India, Indonesia, and Pakistan, Fundamo's mobile-money platform helps consumers pay bills remotely using a mobile phone without having to travel long distances to make payments in person. Visa is in the business of making electronic transactions possible ­ wherever, whenever and however people and businesses wish to conduct them. The past year again demonstrated the strengths in the Visa model and the many reasons to continue to be confi dent in the company's future. The road ahead will not be without its challenges. But as we look to 2012 and beyond, we remain committed to helping our clients expand into new markets and creating innovative new ways to conduct commerce. I look forward to what's next for Visa.

JOSEPH W. SAUNDERS Chairman and Chief Executive Offi cer Visa Inc.

