     2
     Fiscal year 2000 represented one of the most difficult operating environments our company has ever faced. The combination of six interest rate increases, rising raw material prices due to higher oil and gas costs,
a stronger dollar and a weakening economy, all con- tributed to pressure our sales and earnings growth. However, once again, Valspar people rose to the challenge so that we were able to achieve our 26th consecutive year of record sales and earnings.
In recognition of these results, the Board of Directors raised the annual dividend to 54 cents per share, effective with the quarterly dividend payable in January 2001.
Strategic Initiatives
In June, we signed an agreement to acquire all the out- standing stock and assume the debt of Lilly Industries, Inc., a leading industrial coatings company. Lilly is a
       Sales reached $1.5 billion, an increase of 6.9 percent; net income rose 5.3 percent to $86.5 million, and earn- ings per share increased 7 percent to $2.00. These record results generated a return on average equity of 20.8 percent and operating cash flow of $93.3 million. We were able to reduce borrowings by $12 million after spending $32 million for capital and $4 million for purchase of the Farboil building, $21 million for stock repurchases, and $22 million on dividends.
solid company with an extensive global presence, strong technologies, and product lines that are complementary to Valspar’s. These assets, along with excellent manufac- turing facilities and talented people, make Lilly an exceptional strategic fit with Valspar. With Lilly, Valspar will become the sixth largest coatings company in the world and achieve our goal of reaching $2 billion in sales in 2001.
VALSPAR ANNUAL REPORT

Industrial coatings represents a $12 – 15 billion mar- ketplace worldwide. Growth parallels gross domestic product growth; still, over the past five years, Valspar’s core growth rate in Industrial Coatings has exceeded
10 percent per year. With Lilly, we will arguably have the broadest industrial coatings product line and the leading market position in the world. This strength, along with our worldwide leadership in packaging coatings, positions us well to achieve our target of $3 billion in sales in 2004.
Our Architectural, Automotive and Specialty product lines had a more difficult year, due to slow exterior house paint sales and tighter inventory controls by our major architectural customers. We fully expect a rebound in business in 2001.
Sales of our Coating Intermediates segment grew 2.5 percent because of stiff competition in resins and weak demand from other coatings manufacturers.
     3
Operating Highlights
Valspar’s Coatings segment had another good year,
with sales increasing more than 7 percent. Excluding the effects of foreign currency translation, coatings sales increased by 9 percent. Our Packaging and Industrial product lines led the way with double-digit growth in sales and earnings. In both of these areas, we continue to expand our customer base because of our state-of-the-art technologies and the outstanding value our products and people provide.
Toward the end of fiscal 2000, however, Coating Intermediates sales had returned to a normal growth pattern and we expect this momentum to continue into 2001.
We are committed to meeting our customers’ global needs. In 2000, we acquired the remaining 49 percent of our joint venture with Coates in South Africa, and combined that with our South African joint venture with Plascon, resulting in our 80 percent ownership of the surviving entity. We re-aligned production in Europe to locations that allowed us to streamline
   VALSPAR ANNUAL REPORT

manufacturing and better serve our customers. Additional productivity opportunities are being pursued in 2001. On November 30, we acquired the remaining interest of our joint venture partner in Mexico, and we are preparing to expand our operating presence in the Asia Pacific region.
Safety remains a core value in Valspar; in 2000, two- thirds of our manufacturing facilities achieved either
Management and Director Changes
To fully prepare ourselves for the challenges of becom- ing a much larger global coatings competitor, in 2000 we made a number of changes in our executive leader- ship team. Steve Erdahl has assumed responsibility for integrating Lilly into Valspar, and will lead activities for all the Industrial Coatings product lines. Bill Mansfield has taken on management responsibility for both Architectural and Packaging Coatings product lines.
 zero injuries or at least a 20 percent reduction in injuries from 1999. In addition, our Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania packaging plant was awarded OSHA Star Status – one of only three facilities in the entire U.S. coatings industry to achieve such recognition. Star Status is the highest level of safety recognition in the United States, with less than 0.1 percent of all manufac- turing facilities meeting the requirements for the award.
John Ballbach became Senior Vice President of Operations, with responsibility for purchasing, corpo- rate research and development, human resources, manu- facturing, and information systems, as well as Coating Intermediates.
In December 2000, after 17 years of service, Ken Melrose retired as a director of the Company. We thank Ken for his thoughtful insights and contributions to improving Valspar’s performance.
 4
          VALSPAR ANNUAL REPORT

In April 2000, we welcomed Dick White to our Board. Dick has an extensive background in the coatings indus- try and will help shape our future growth plans.
Outlook
I want to thank all Valspar employees around the world for their dedication, commitment and consistent per- formance, which has allowed us to achieve this 26th con- secutive year of record results.
of customers, shareholders and employees, while enabling Valspar to enhance our leadership position in the global coatings industry.
Richard M. Rompala
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
      5
In 2001, we will face continuing pressures from competition and higher raw material costs, as well as the challenges of the Lilly integration. To meet these challenges, we will sharpen our focus on our core values – safety, quality, profitable growth, and employee own- ership. Commitment to these values aligns the interests
   VALSPAR ANNUAL REPORT
