                                          To Our Shareholders
Fiscal 2004 was a good year for Valspar. Despite unprecedented raw material cost increases and supply shortages, we achieved record sales and earnings with solid growth in all of our product lines. As we begin 2005, rising raw material costs continue to be our biggest challenge. We have taken aggressive actions to preserve our margins, including across-the-board pricing initiatives and continued vigorous efforts to lower our overall costs. We will persist with these initiatives at least until raw material costs begin to stabilize.
Valspar’s mission is to be the best coatings company in the world. Central to this mission is our commitment to provide our customers with unique products at the lowest applied cost. Leveraging our strong technology and low cost position allows us to achieve superior organic growth on a global basis. Our ability to effectively acquire and integrate new businesses provides the potential for accelerated growth. Our 2004 results again demonstrate our ability to deliver strong, consistent performance across market cycles and reflect our commitment to each of our constituencies – our customers, our employees, our suppliers, as well as to you, our shareholders.
Highlights of our 2004 achievements include:
• Record revenues of $2.44 billion, representing an 8.6% increase over last year’s reported sales, which included an extra week;
• Revenue growth in all our major business lines and in every geographic region of the world;
• Record net income of $142.8 million, a reported increase of 26.9% over the prior year’s net income, which included a $15.2 million charge;
• Record earnings per share of $2.71; and,
• In December 2004, we raised our common stock dividend 11% to $0.80 per share, the 27th consecutive annual increase.
New Initiatives
In 2004, we also continued building for our future through two acquisitions: De Beer Lakfabrieken B.V., a privately- owned manufacturer and distributor of automotive refinish coatings based in Lelystad, The Netherlands; and selected assets of the forest products business of Associated Chemists, Inc., which include a manufacturing facility in Orangeburg, South Carolina. These businesses complement and further develop existing product lines and technologies and allow us to expand our global reach.
We also began a strategic alliance with The QUIKRETE® Companies, the leading name in concrete in the US. We will manufacture and jointly market unique, easy-to-use, premium concrete coatings under the QUIKRETE® name and thus fill a void in the concrete coatings category recognized by both companies. We believe the QUIKRETE® Professional Concrete Coatings brand will develop a strong position in the home improvement industry and serve as a model for other future specialty brand alliances.
We launched construction this year of a new facility in China, in the northern province of Tianjin, as well as a new architectural paint manufacturing and distribution center in eastern Pennsylvania. We expanded an existing resin plant in Maryland to support our growing architectural sales. These facilities, as well as the plants in Dongguan, China and Sacramento, California, which began operations last year, provide new infrastructure for organic growth.
 2
Valspar Annual Report 2004

                                         3

                                         4

                                          Our growth in China is particularly noteworthy. We have attained a very strong position in the high-end furniture coatings market, and in 2004 we launched new products to secure a significant market presence in mid-priced furniture coatings. Our packaging business continues to expand profitably, and we have developed a growing presence in both coil coatings and general industrial coatings. China and Southeast Asia will be growth targets for many years to come.
Strength Across Our Businesses
Over the years, Valspar has been successful in acquiring and growing global businesses that meet our customers’ needs and in delivering exceptional value to our shareholders. As a result, throughout 2004, all of our major businesses delivered solid results even in the face of rapidly rising raw material costs. Strong sales to our large home improvement retail customers, driven by new color merchandising and expanded displays of paints, contributed to a double-digit sales increase in the Paints segment. In addition, we significantly improved the performance and growth of our automotive refinish business with the De Beer acquisition.
Our Coatings business segment also performed well. Packaging coatings had another excellent year and successfully introduced new technologies, which should enhance growth in 2005 and beyond. Industrial coatings had a good year, benefiting from the recovery in US industrial markets as well as continued growth in China.
Our resin, colorant, composites and furniture protection plan businesses saw double-digit growth, reflecting strong new business initiatives, the introduction of new, environmentally compliant technologies, and multiple pricing actions. Resins had remarkable performance in the face of severe raw material shortages and our highest rate of raw material cost increases.
Safety remains our top priority. Once again, in 2004 we reduced our accident rate by more than 20% and achieved a world-class recordable incident rate of 1.37 per 200,000 hours worked. Valspar is one of the safest manufacturing companies to work for in the world – an achievement borne from the continued commitment of every one of our employees to safe work practices. We celebrated with 32 facilities that were accident free throughout the year, and an additional 14 locations improved their safety performance versus last year. In our effort to be among the elite in environmental stewardship, we have also intensified our focus on spills and “near misses”.
Outlook
Our strategic direction has been fine-tuned to achieve superior growth and performance in the long-term. In 2005, our challenge will be to cope with continuing raw material cost increases. We have taken numerous actions throughout 2004 to mitigate the impact of these raw material costs, including pricing actions, aggressive cost-cutting plans and supply chain improvement programs. We’ve increased our market position globally and increased our capacity to finance acquisitions by reducing our debt. I believe we are well positioned to achieve another record year in 2005.
I want to thank all Valspar employees around the world for their determined efforts throughout 2004. Their continuing dedication to our core values of safety, quality, environmental stewardship and profitable growth will propel Valspar to be the best coatings company in the world.
Richard M. Rompala
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  Valspar Annual Report 2
004 5
