TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Valspar delivered a strong performance in 2006 while building long-term value. We focused on rapid global growth in our core businesses and made significant acquisitions to further extend our reach. We contin- ued to restore profitability with year-over-year price increases in response to higher raw material costs. We concluded a significant manufacturing rationaliza- tion initiative to better enable us to serve our cus- tomers. And, we made investments in securing our long-term growth with our Huarun acquisition, Cabot brand building and developing a differentiated and significant Valspar consumer paint brand. Our 29th consecutive year of dividend increases further reflects our confidence in the future and our drive toward our mission to be the best coatings company in the world.
2006 RESULTS
With sales of nearly $3 billion, we achieved growth of 9.7% in 2006. The Paints segment achieved out- standing results with year-over-year sales growth of 13.4%, while the Coatings segment delivered a strong performance of 7.0% year-over-year growth. Engineered Polymer Solutions, our resins product line, delivered double-digit growth driven by customer demand for our technology.
Our net income was $175.3 million, up 18.7%, with earnings per share of $1.71, up 20.4%. Improvements in operations and working capital management generated operating cash flow of $284 million, a $53 million dollar increase over last year. In addition, our increased cash flow combined with $103 million of additional debt enabled us to fund $365 million of acquisitions and capital investments
INTERNATIONAL SALES TREND
As a percentage of total sales
International Sales < 5%
and $60 million of dividends and stock repurchases. Based on the strength of our performance and with confidence in our future, Valspar’s Board of Directors raised the annual dividend 18.2% to $0.52 per share.
GROWING GLOBALLY
Over the past 10 years, our sales outside of the United States have grown from less than 5% to more than 30% of our total. Over the past five years, our success in China alone has delivered annual sales growth in excess of 20% per year.
In July, we acquired an 80% interest in Huarun Paints, a leading supplier of furniture, decorative wood and architectural coatings in China. We’re working closely with the seasoned Huarun China management team to continue the momentum of the company’s core business model while moving quickly to realize the full potential of this acquisition. Over time, we’ll lever- age significant growth opportunities in China with Valspar’s existing architectural and industrial product lines. With a robust track record of double-digit annu- al revenue growth, Huarun is a strategic investment in our global growth.
In October, we announced the acquisition of H.B. Fuller’s powder coatings business, providing our first powder manufacturing capacity in Europe. This capacity is critical for servicing our global industrial customers, and the business is an excellent fit with our already substantial U.S. powder business. Subsequent to year-end, we agreed to enter into a joint venture with Tekno S.A. to supply coil coatings in Brazil. These two transactions extend the global reach of our industrial product line.
International Sales >30%
2006
          1996
THE VALSPAR CORPORATION 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 07

 SHANGHAI SKYLINE
PROFILE OF HUARUN
HUARUN PAINT PLANT / HUARUN PAINT STORE IN SHANGHAI
   08
The Huarun acquisition strengthens our Paints and Coatings segments, allowing us to extend sales of architectural, automotive refinish, industrial mainte- nance and concrete floor coatings into the fast-grow- ing Asian market while continuing to grow the strong Huarun base. Huarun is one of China's leading domestic suppliers of wood and furniture coatings and a rapidly growing supplier of architectural coat- ings. Products are sold primarily through an extensive network of distributors and retail paint stores throughout China. Huarun provides our first resin manufacturing plant in China, capable of supporting both Huarun’s requirements and Valspar’s needs for packaging and industrial coatings.
BUSINESS PROFILE
2006 Sales (estimated): $200 million
Leadership: China management team led by Huarun CEO Robert Lavichant Chen
Employees: 1,735 Distributors: 600 Plants: 3
Business Mix: Furniture coatings for domestic Chinese mar- ket sold to small and medium sized OEM manufacturers; wood decorative coatings used by professional contractors in both residential and commercial markets; architectural coatings primarily sold through exclusive distributors.
  
“The dedication of all Valspar employees has made us one of the safest manufacturing companies in the world, achieving a world- class recordable incident rate of 1.24 per 200,000 hours worked.” Bill Mansfield
In December, we opened a new powder coatings plant in Shanghai, demonstrating our commitment to global growth and supporting our global customers.
BUILDING THE VALSPAR BRAND
In the past two years, we’ve achieved great success building the Cabot brand. This success, along with more than a year of consumer research and testing, has provided a solid foundation to launch the new Valspar consumer paint brand in 2007. This differenti- ated and significant brand builds on our heritage: 200 years of experience in creating the highest quality paint with the broadest color palette for our customers. We’re supporting the launch with a multi-faceted marketing program. Our investment in the Valspar paint brand combined with our commitment to innova- tion and customer service, will significantly strengthen our ability to support our customers’ growth.
DRIVING PRODUCTIVITY IMPROVEMENTS
We successfully executed our manufacturing consoli- dation plan, closing over a dozen facilities around the world while expanding our best facilities in existing and high-growth markets. This rationalization strate- gy is critical to providing excellent customer service. With a more robust manufacturing infrastructure, we can respond to orders faster, ensure more consistent quality and quickly add capacity.
Another productivity investment we launched globally was LeanSixSigma@Valspar. By focusing every Valspar employee on total business improvement, we’re building on our culture of performance excel- lence. In the same way safety is a core value at Valspar, LeanSixSigma@Valspar will be integral to the operation of our business.
DIRECTOR CHANGES
Peter McCausland, Chairman and CEO of Airgas, Inc., joined Valspar’s Board of Directors in April. Since McCausland founded Airgas in 1982, the company has grown to over $3.0 billion through organic growth combined with more than 300 acquisitions. Peter will be a terrific asset as Valspar continues rapid global expansion through acquisitions. We welcome him to our board.
Larry Perlman will retire from Valspar’s Board of Directors in February after 15 years of service. His experience, judgment and friendship have been invaluable to Valspar, and we will miss him. It is with deep gratitude that we thank Larry for his board serv- ice and wise counsel.
OUTLOOK
Entering 2007, we are concerned about slowing economic growth. We will respond with a continued focus on costs, productivity improvements, aggres- sive execution of our acquisition integration plans and a relentless focus on delivering value to our cus- tomers. We believe our strategies of growing globally, driving productivity improvements and building the Valspar brand will strengthen our leadership position in the coatings industry and generate long-term value for our shareholders.
Thomas R. McBurney Chairman
William L. Mansfield
President and Chief Executive Officer
  THE VALSPAR CORPORATION 2006 ANNUAL REPORT 09
