 2 VALSPAR 2003
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 Fiscal 2003 was an up-and-down year for Valspar. In the first and fourth quarters, when business conditions were normal, we recorded solid sales and operating earnings growth. However, in the second and third quarters, sales and earnings were soft due to the war in Iraq, the SARS epidemic, high raw material costs, and the accompanying slowdown in the manu- facturing sector.
Nonetheless, we had many noteworthy successes in 2003. Our architectural and packaging coat- ings product lines provided strong, stable results throughout the year. In March, a new architec- tural product line, Signature Colors® brand of paint, with six designer palettes, was introduced exclusively at Lowe’s, and market acceptance has exceeded expectations. In addition, for the third year in a row, Valspar’s American Tradition® brand of paint achieved national recognition. We opened a new state-of-the-art architectural coat- ings plant in Sacramento, California to support our continued sales growth in the western U.S., and our new wood coatings manufacturing plant
in Dongguan, China was operational as of the end of the year.
Valspar’s sales for the year increased 5.7% to $2.2 billion, and net income fell 6.3% after recognizing a $15.2 million after-tax charge in the fourth quarter for estimated future claims expense associated with furniture protection plans. Full year earnings per share, excluding the charge, increased 5.1%. These solid operat- ing results in the face of difficult economic con- ditions provided cash flow from operations of $250.1 million. We were able to reduce borrow- ings by $150.5 million while spending $51.0 million on capital projects and $30.2 million on dividends. With our much stronger balance sheet and improving business conditions, we are once again well positioned to participate in industry consolidation opportunities as they develop.
Reflecting our confidence in the future, the Board of Directors raised the annual dividend 20%, to 72 cents per share, effective with the
quarterly dividend payable in January 2004. This represents the 26th consecutive year of dividend increases.
OPERATING RESULTS
Because of the challenging operating environ- ment and the absence of meaningful acquisition opportunities in fiscal 2003, we focused our efforts internally on improving business processes to improve cash flow and pay down debt. We made progress in several key strategic areas, including business process simplification, manufacturing cost and productivity improve- ments, formulation optimization and reducing our overall cost of quality.
A real bright spot was the continuing growth and profitability of our international operations. Starting with a small, marginally profitable acquisition in Europe in 1996, we now have over $600 million in sales outside the United States, with acceptable and ever-improving prof- itability. We are particularly excited about China and the entire Asia-Pacific region, where we have

 WE ARE IN THE COLOR BUSINESS
VALSPAR 2003 3

 4 VALSPAR 2003
Our activity in diverse product lines of the coatings markets provides the balance, and our customer focus provides the consistency to increase shareholder value.

VALSPAR 2003 5
 an excellent infrastructure for our packaging and industrial coatings product lines and outstanding growth prospects in the future. The coatings industry is becoming increasingly global in scope, and we are well-positioned to supply our global customers with the service, quality, tech- nology and lowest applied cost that have been the hallmarks of Valspar’s culture for many years.
Sales of all our product lines increased in 2003, led by our architectural products, where we con- tinue to strengthen our position as a leading sup- plier in the Do-It-Yourself market. Packaging coatings had another excellent year, particularly outside the United States, and we introduced several new can coating technologies to differen- tiate our leadership position even further.
Our industrial product line faced the biggest challenges as our traditional United States cus- tomers relocate to lower cost manufacturing regions around the world. This “off-shoring” demands that we quicken the pace of our indus- trial globalization efforts to maintain and enhance our leadership in wood coatings, coil coatings and other industrial products.
Sales of resins and colorants increased slightly, reflecting modest overall market demand for coatings. We are on-track for a mid-2004 start- up of a new water-based resin facility to serve the northeastern United States.
Safety remains our number one priority in Valspar, and I am very pleased to report that our accident rates for 2003 improved more than 20%. This performance puts Valspar in the elite class of safest manufacturers in the United States. We continue to reinforce our safety awareness programs in all our locations with
the objective of providing an accident-free environment for all our employees.
We are also proud to have partnered with Habitat for Humanity to establish a nation-wide distribution network to support Habitat affili- ates. Our products and applications expertise make a positive contribution to restoration projects, and Habitat’s selection of Valspar as
a national supplier of paint to all affiliates is a reflection of our commitment to the community.
Management Change
In December 2003, John Ballbach, President and Chief Operating Officer, announced his decision to leave the company for personal rea- sons. He will work on special projects through March 2004. John has contributed to Valspar’s success during his thirteen year career through his dedication, vision and leadership. We wish John continued success in his future endeavors.
Outlook
The superior qualities of our globally recognized products, the committed performance of all
the Valspar employees, world-wide, and our dedicated efforts to provide the highest quality at the lowest applied cost have positioned Valspar to become the best coatings company in the world. Our activity in diverse product lines of the coatings markets provides the balance, and our customer focus provides the consistency to increase shareholder value. As we begin fiscal year 2004, we are well positioned for both inter- nal and external growth, and as the global economies continue to improve, I am confident that Valspar will achieve another year of record financial results.
I want to thank all Valspar employees around the world for their dedicated efforts and commitment to our core values of safety, quality, environmen- tal stewardship and profitable growth.
   Richard M. Rompala
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
