 To our shareholders
Valspar delivered another great year in 2011. We achieved double- digit growth in both sales and adjusted earnings and made solid progress on our long-term growth strategy. Our focus on creating value with our customers through our investments in innovative technologies and development of strong consumer brands gener- ated new business across all product lines. We expanded our global presence in fast-growing coatings markets. We generated strong cash flow and increased our dividend for the 34th consecutive year.
2011 results
Net sales for the year increased 22.5 percent to $3.95 billion, reflecting the benefit from acquisitions and new business. In response to higher raw material costs, we increased our selling prices in all businesses and geographies. In our Coatings segment, sales increased 15.3 percent. Our investments in technology resulted in significant new business in all of our product lines, particularly those serving industrial markets. Sales in our Paints segment increased 37 percent, reflecting our Wattyl acquisition in Australia and double-digit growth in China. Our strategic investment in building the Valspar brand is paying dividends. Total awareness in North America climbed significantly and Valspar is now the number two brand for do-it-yourselfers in the United States.
Adjusted net income per share excluding certain items increased 18.8 percent to $2.65*, our third consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth and a significant accomplishment given challenging market conditions and substantially higher raw material costs. Pricing, operational discipline and new business growth contrib- uted significantly to our results. Our strong cash flow and balance sheet enabled us to invest in our business.
These investments included a strategic acquisition, share repurchases, dividends and capital investments. In December 2011, the Board of Directors raised the quarterly dividend by 11.1 percent to $0.20 per share.
Global growth
Our worldwide presence continues to expand. In 2011, sales in the United States increased 6.9 percent. Sales in markets outside of the U.S. increased 45.5 percent and now account for 48 percent of total company revenues. Our Asia Pacific, Latin America and Europe regions all delivered double-digit sales increases for the year.
We continue to invest in strategic acquisitions that further extend our business in fast-growing coatings markets and improve the geographic diversity of our portfolio. In February, we completed the acquisition of Isocoat, a Brazilian-based manufacturer of powder coat- ings used in appliance, building products, transportation and other general industrial markets. Isocoat provides an immediate platform for growth and further strengthens our presence in Latin America.
Support for communities
and employees
During the year, we continued to support our communities and employees. As National Paint Partner to Habitat
for Humanity International, we donated paint to Habitat
 *See footnote on inside front cover.

  affiliates across the United States. We helped raise awareness and funds for Habitat both in the U.S. and other countries. Valspar employees rolled up their sleeves and participated in numerous Habitat projects to benefit neighbors in the communities where we operate.
We improved our world-class safety record and once again achieved a performance level attained by very few manufacturing companies in the world. We improved the environmental performance of our facili- ties and helped our customers meet their environmental objectives through our expanding portfolio of water- based technologies.
News from the Board
After 34 years of service to the company, William L. Mansfield retired as Chief Executive Officer on June 1, 2011 and as an employee on October 31, 2011. He remains Chairman of Valspar’s Board of Directors. During his tenure, Bill initiated many of the long-term growth strategies that continue to drive our perfor- mance – development of innovative technologies, invest- ments in strong consumer brands and a focus on strong cash flow and shareholder returns. Bill’s dedication and focus helped Valspar become a global leader in the paint and coatings industry, and we thank him for his many contributions to Valspar’s success.
We also extend our thanks to Stephen D. Newlin for his four years of service as a member of the board and the compensation committee and our best wishes for his future endeavors.
Gary E. Hendrickson
President and Chief Executive Officer
Positive outlook
We expect to deliver another year of double-digit earnings growth in 2012. Our increasing portfolio of innovative technologies, the growing strength of our consumer brands, our continued generation of significant new business and expanding presence in fast-growing coat- ings markets will drive improved sales. By maintaining our operational and pricing discipline and taking actions to improve productivity, we will continue our record
of success.
Over our last five fiscal years, we delivered total share- holder return of 51 percent, or 8.6 percent on an annu- alized basis. Over this same five-year period, the S&P 500 increased 3.8 percent, or 0.8 percent on an annualized basis. We are well positioned for future growth. Our strategies of investing in strong brands and innovative technologies and expanding our presence in fast-grow- ing coatings markets will continue to create long-term value for our shareholders.
Finally, I would like to thank all Valspar employees for partnering with our customers for mutual success and your dedication to strengthening our position as a leader in the paint and coatings industry.
Gary E. Hendrickson
President and Chief Executive Officer
 