                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          William L. Mansfield,
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, with Huarun employees Chen Houwen,
Xie Canxing,
Hu Xingjuan and Xuan Wenhao.
                                To our shareholders:
2007 was a challenging year for Valspar. Difficult market conditions in the U.S. housing sector wors- ened as the year progressed, restricting our sales growth in housing-related markets. Our businesses in markets outside of the United States, including our recent acquisitions, performed well. Against this backdrop, we grew our share in key markets, expanded our global presence, built brand aware- ness and increased our dividend to shareholders for the 30th consecutive year. Around the world, Valspar employees satisfied customers with innovative prod- ucts and excellent service. We made solid progress on our long-term growth agenda and strengthened our position as a leader in the global paints and coatings industry.
2007 results
During the year we took several significant steps forward:
• We officially launched our campaign to build
the Valspar premium paint brand.
• We expanded our global presence in large,
high-growth international markets.
• We completed three strategic acquisitions
to increase our global strength and accelerate
our growth.
• We continued to drive operational excellence
across the company through cost control and process improvements.
Net sales increased 9.1 percent to $3.25 billion. Sales growth was driven by the strong performance of our acquisitions and international operations. International sales rose 34 percent to $1.2 billion. Sales in our Paints segment increased 10.5 percent, while Coatings segment sales grew 10.0 percent.
Net income totaled $172.1 million, or adjusted
net income per common share-diluted of $1.68, down from $175.3 million, or $1.71 per share, in 2006. The downturn in the U.S. housing market and higher raw material costs had a dampening effect on overall earnings. Operating cash flow of $190.7 million, combined with $160.6 million of addi- tional debt, enabled us to fund $247.9 million in acquisitions and capital investments. The Board of Directors raised the annual dividend by 7.7 percent to $0.56 a share.
Growth initiatives
We remain focused on driving our growth initiatives – building premium brands, global expansion and strategic acquisitions.
We are investing in the long-term strength of our brands – Valspar and Cabot premium brands and the Huarun brand in China. We successfully tran- sitioned Lowe’s premium paint line to the Valspar brand and introduced Cabot stains at stores across the United States. Valspar and Cabot premium paints and stains are also available through our nationwide network of 5,000 independent paint dealers and hardware stores. Results demonstrate a significant increase in both consumer awareness of the Valspar brand and visits to our consumer website, an indication that our brand investment
is paying off. These brands, together with the outstanding performance of our Huarun brand in China, contributed to sales growth.
Our worldwide presence is expanding rapidly. We now have manufacturing capability in 17 countries and more than half of our employees work in our international locations. Our global infrastructure is in place and we have great platforms for growth in Asia, Latin America and Europe. Our Huarun
 
valspar

net sales
($ in millions)
3-year average growth rate of 10.0%
adjusted net income per
common share-diluted pre-tax return on capital (dollars) (percent)
3-year average growth rate of 7.6%
3-year average return of 13.8%
   07
06 05
3,249.3 07 2,978.1 06 2,714.0 05 04 2,440.7 04
acquisition is driving our growth in China, where our fastest growing business is consumer paint. We have a strong position in wood coatings for the Chinese domestic and export markets. Huarun’s resin man- ufacturing capabilities are supporting growth in our Coatings segment. We are using Huarun’s extensive distribution and retail network to distribute our auto- motive refinish products in China. In Latin America, our operations are focused on growth opportunities in Brazil and Mexico where we are the market leader in packaging and coil coatings. We are gaining scale in this region and growing rapidly by expanding our product offerings. And we are now a significant market participant in coil in Northern Europe, with a strong platform for growth in the emerging mar- kets of Russia, Central and Eastern Europe and the Baltic States.
During the past year, we invested in three strategic businesses that offer excellent synergies with our existing operations. These investments expand our global presence, improve our share in key markets and will contribute to our projected growth:
• H.B. Fuller’s powder coatings business provides
us entry into European markets and greater ability to meet the needs of our global industrial coatings customers.
• Tekno in Brazil reinforces the global presence of our packaging and coil businesses and solidifies our ability to supply Latin America customers.
• Teknos Nova Coil in Finland expands our coil coating capabilities in the fast-growing markets of Eastern Europe.
Valspar’s competitive advantages in technical ser- vice and technology will also contribute to growth, providing excellent opportunities for expansion in our core businesses and in new markets.
Director changes
In June, Janel S. Haugarth, executive vice president, president and COO, supply chain services, Supervalu Inc., and Stephen D. Newlin, chairman, president
1.42 1.35
1.68* 07
1.71 06 05
13.1
14.3 13.9
    and CEO, PolyOne Corporation, were elected to the Board of Directors. Their valuable experience and insight will be terrific assets.
Outlook
As we enter 2008, we remain concerned about ongoing weakness in the U.S. housing sector.
We have taken aggressive actions to position the company for improved results in 2008 and beyond. We are tightly managing employment levels, expenses and capital spending, and in the fourth quarter of 2007 took steps to reduce inventory and further improve our manufacturing operations. We have a strong global infrastructure, superb long- term customer relationships and growing brand equity. We expect to report improved earnings in 2008. Over the next five years, we expect to generate free cash flow of approximately $1.5 billion. We’ll use this cash for dividends, to fund initiatives like our branding effort, for acquisitions, and for stock repurchases and debt reduction.
I would like to thank Tom McBurney who will be retiring from the Board in February after 20 years of service. During his tenure, Tom served in vari- ous leadership positions, including non-executive chairman, lead director and chair of the Governance Committee. His outstanding leadership has contrib- uted significantly to the growth and development of our company.
Finally, thank you to Valspar employees around the world for their dedication and commitment. We have a talented global team working energetically to build a successful future for the company.
William L. Mansfield
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 *The Company has reported “Adjusted Net Income per Common Share basic and diluted” for 2007 in this schedule which excludes a non-cash accrual of 18 cents related to Mandatorily Redeemable Stock in connection with the Company’s acquisition of the remaining minority interest of Huarun Paints Holding Company Limited. Please see reconciliation in Management’s Discussion and Analysis in Form 10-K for more information.
 
valspar
