                                              REVENUES RISE 14 PERCENT,
ON TRACK WITH GOAL
In 1998, Valspar achieved another year of record financial results, our 24th consecutive year of earnings growth. Sales reached $1.2 billion, an increase of 13.6 percent over 1997; net income increased 9.5 percent to $72.1 million and earnings per share rose 9.4 percent to $1.63. Return on average equity was 22.7 percent, and total return to investors over the last five years was 21.7 percent.
Our record results continue to be driven by the hallmarks of Valspar’s operating style – commitment to customer satisfaction, lowest cost and quick response to changing market conditions. Our dedication to continuous improvement will lead us to achieving our goal of $2 billion in sales in 2001.
CASH FLOW DOUBLES FROM 1997
Cash flow from operations continued to be very strong, more than doubling last year’s levels. Net cash from operations of nearly $114 million and additional bor- rowings of $64 million were used to fund acquisitions and joint ventures of $99 million, capital expenditures of $43 million, dividends of $19 million and stock repurchases of $14 million.
Recognizing our strong performance, the Board of Directors raised the quarterly dividend 9.5 percent to $0.115 per share, effective with the dividend payable January 15, 1999.
GROWTH THROUGH INNOVATION
Our industry continues to consolidate at an unprecedented pace, and we have developed innovative strategies to meet our objectives for profitable growth.
Our emphasis on internal growth, growth through acquisitions, globalization and adding new coatings businesses have all contributed to Valspar’s consistent financial performance, as well as enhanced shareholder value. Our activity in diverse segments of the coatings markets provided balance and our customer focus provided consistency, as various business lines faced challenging conditions at different times throughout the year.
TheConsumerGrouphadanotherstrongyear,with sales increasing 15 percent as we continue to improve our position with large home centers and mass merchandisers. In addition, sales of our Laura Ashley® designer paint and McCloskey Special EffectsTM coatings have exceeded expectations.
The Packaging Group, with nearly 30 percent of its sales outside North America, grew by 7 percent despite difficult market conditions. In 1998, we strengthened our position as the world’s premier supplier of can coatings.
Sales for the Industrial Group increased 19 percent, with about 16 percent of the sales increase coming from internal growth. This growth continues to be led by our Coil and Architectural Spray Coatings businesses, although all of our product segments contributed significant growth.
Special Products Group sales were also strong, up 16 percent over 1997. Valspar Automotive Refinish again led this group with 29 percent growth. EPS resin, Marine and Federal Flooring sales also each rose about 20 percent. Color Corporation sales were about equal to last year.
GROWTH THROUGH ACQUISITIONS
Our globalization efforts continued during 1998. In April, we acquired the packaging coatings and industrial businesses of Anzol in Australia to further strengthen our presence in that region of the world. That same month, we acquired Plasti-Kote, an aerosol spray and specialty coatings manufacturer, which increased our product portfolio for our Consumer and Automotive Refinish customers, and expanded our presence in Europe.
In addition in 1998, we acquired Hilemn Laboratories, a mirror coatings supplier, completed Phase I of acquiring Coates South Africa, and attained majority ownership of Valspar Marlux, a packaging and industrial coatings supplier in Mexico.
A FOCUS ON COST
To successfully achieve our growth and profitability goals, all our activities continue to be focused on satisfying our customers at the lowest total applied cost. In 1998, our total cost of quality improved by 9 percent. MIDAS, our
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
        4
 
                                           The Valspar Corporation
  employee-led effort to optimize our global supply chain practices, continues to stimulate cost-reduction opportu- nities to support and improve future earnings. In 1998, our cumulative MIDAS savings exceeded $30 million, and we are on target to meet our objective of achieving $0.50 per share savings in 1999. Our waste minimization efforts showed progress throughout the year, and we will have an increasing focus on this area in fiscal 1999 to achieve additional cost savings through manufacturing and logistics efficiencies at all of our facilities.
SAFETY, ENVIRONMENTAL AND
COMMUNITY COMMITMENT
Safety and environmental stewardship are core values of Valspar. In 1998, we developed new safety awareness programs as well as updated our operating and laboratory processes as part of our continuing effort to create a zero- accident environment for our employees. As a result, our overall injury rate declined 8 percent, the fifth consecutive year of improvement.
We continue to focus research and development activities on more cost-efficient and environmentally friendly coatings solutions. Additionally, through the Valspar Foundation, more than 50,000 gallons of paint were donated in 1998 to various community projects and organizations such as Habitat for Humanity and community painting programs.
CREATING VALUE NOW
AND FOR THE FUTURE
We maintain our commitment to meeting the global needs of our customers. As evidence, in August we announced our intention to acquire the worldwide pack- aging coatings businesses of Dexter Corporation, as well as its industrial coatings business in France. The due dili- gence for that acquisition continues, and the closing is expected to occur in 1999. With the Dexter acquisition, we will enhance our position as #1 in rigid packaging coatings in the world.
In October, we realigned our management structure to better capture marketing and cost synergies across our company. Bill Mansfield will lead Packaging and Industrial Coatings, while Steve Briggs will direct the Architectural, Automotive and Specialty Coatings Groups.
Steve Erdahl will have responsibility for manufacturing, purchasing, corporate research and development and human resources. In addition, Ken Arthur, John Ballbach, Joel Hart, Steve Lindberg and Bob Smith all assumed broader responsibilities.
Employee ownership remains a strength of Valspar, and employees and retirees owned more than 25 percent of the shares at year-end. This aligns employee interests and those of our shareholders, broadening our opportunities for profitable growth.
Everyone at Valspar plays an important role. From our sales, technical support and order fulfillment teams servicing our customers, to our development, manufac- turing, distribution and administrative teams who support them, we all strive for the same results: satisfied customers, enthusiastic employees and increased shareholder value. I want to thank all of our employees around the world for their constant efforts and dedication to achieving record earnings over the past 24 years.
Richard M. Rompala
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
      5
