 To our shareholders
2010 was a year of outstanding performance for Valspar. We delivered double-digit growth in both sales and earnings. We continued our investments in building strong brands and leading-edge technologies. We further expanded our global presence in fast-growing coatings markets and made strategic acquisitions that will contribute to the long-term growth of the company. The dividend to shareholders was increased for the 33rd consecutive year.
2010 Results
Net sales for the year increased 12.1 percent to $3.227 billion, driven primarily by new business gains and the continued global economic recovery. In response to higher raw material costs, which increased throughout the year, we increased our selling prices in all businesses and geographies.
In our Coatings segment, sales increased 14.7 percent. Our Packaging product line continued
to perform well on a global basis, with growth
in all regions. Our investments in technology resulted in significant new business in our General Industrial, Coil and Wood product lines. Sales in our Paints segment increased 9.7 percent, reflect- ing volume growth in both our global Consumer and Automotive Refinish product lines. Our brand- ing investments made a significant contribution to these results. In the U.S., awareness of the Valspar brand increased and we continued to gain share. And our consumer paint business in China, led by our Huarun brand, delivered strong double-digit revenue growth.
Net income in 2010 totaled $222.1 million, an increase of $61.9 million or 38.7 percent from $160.2 million in 2009. Adjusted earnings per share excluding certain items increased to $2.23 in 2010, up 26 percent from $1.77 in 2009.* Results benefited from strong new business growth, improved productivity and prudent control of expenses, all of which helped to offset the impact from higher raw material costs. Our strong cash flow and balance sheet enabled us to fund
acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and capital investments. In December 2010, the Board of Directors raised the quarterly dividend by 12.5 percent to $0.18 a share.
During the year, we continued our focus on sup- porting employees and communities. We improved our world-class safety record and for the first time achieved a recordable injury rate of less than one per 200,000 hours worked, a performance level attained by very few manufacturing companies. We reduced emissions from our facilities and helped our customers meet their environmental objectives by expanding our portfolio of water- based products. We continued as National Paint Partner for Habitat for Humanity International
and in September, celebrated the donation of our one-millionth gallon of paint to the organization.
Global Expansion
and Growth
We continue to invest in strategic acquisitions that improve the geographic diversity of our portfolio and further extend our business in fast-growing coatings markets.
In June, we completed a transaction with DIC Corporation of Japan that included the purchase of a manufacturing site and business entity in Bangalore, India. This strategic acquisition provides us with an immediate platform for growth in an emerging market for packaging and other coatings.
In September, we completed the acquisition of Wattyl Limited, a market-leading paint manufac- turer with excellent brands, high-quality products and broad distribution across do-it-yourself,
 *See footnote on inside front cover.

   hardware and retail channels throughout Australia and New Zealand. This acquisition further strength- ens our global Consumer paint portfolio and builds on our increasing presence in the Asia Pacific region.
Our worldwide presence continues to expand. In 2010, sales in the U.S. increased 7.4 percent. Sales in markets outside of the United States increased 19.7 percent and with the addition of Wattyl will account for nearly 45 percent of total company revenues. Our businesses in Asia Pacific, Latin America and Europe/Middle East/Africa/India all delivered double-digit sales increases for the year.
Director Changes
Charles W. Gaillard will retire from Valspar’s Board of Directors in February after 11 years of service. His experience and judgment have contributed significantly to the growth of the company and we thank Charlie for his years of counsel.
William M. Cook, chairman, chief executive officer and president, Donaldson Company, Inc., was elected to the Board of Directors. His global per- spective and experience with technology-driven growth will be of great value as we continue to expand our presence in global paint and coatings markets.
Outlook
We expect to deliver another strong performance in 2011. The strength of our global brands and dif- ferentiated technologies, our expanding presence in fast-growing coatings markets and generation
of significant new business will drive our top-line growth. Raw material costs will continue to be
a challenge, but as in the past, our operational discipline, ability to secure pricing and actions to improve productivity will successfully address this challenge.
Over our last three fiscal years, we delivered total shareholder return of 41.9 percent or 12.4 percent on an annualized basis. Over this same three year period, the S&P 500 declined 16.0 percent. We believe our strategies of investing in strong brands and leading technologies and expanding our presence in fast-growing coatings markets will allow us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders.
Finally, we want to thank Valspar employees for their continued focus on our customers’ success and strengthening our leadership position in the paint and coatings industry.
William L. Mansfield
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Gary E. Hendrickson
President and Chief Operating Officer
   William L. Mansfield
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Gary E. Hendrickson
President and Chief Operating Officer
