     To our shareholders
We are pleased to report another year of record sales and earnings for Valspar in 2013. We won significant new busi- ness, completed two outstanding acquisitions and were sharply focused on productivity. In addition, we improved shareholder returns through share repurchases and in November 2013 our Board of Directors increased our divi- dend for the 36th consecutive year. Our strategy of creating value for our customers and shareholders by investing in our technology and brands, delivering outstanding customer service and expanding our geographic presence continues to drive improved results and fuel our long-term growth.
Net sales for fiscal year 2013 grew to more than $4.1 billion. Adjusted net income per share increased from $3.28 in 2012 to $3.54 in 2013*, an 8 percent increase. We utilized our strong cash flow to fund capital investments supporting continued growth, repurchase 5.9 million shares of com- pany stock and pay $81 million in dividends in fiscal 2013. In November 2013, our Board of Directors approved a 13 per- cent increase in our quarterly dividend. Since 2008, Valspar’s total shareholder return is 280 percent, compared to 103 percent for the S&P 500 over the same period. The growth in our business and shareholder returns are a result of our winning strategy and strong execution.
Valspar’s 2013 performance reflects strong competitive posi- tions in our core businesses, growth from new business wins and investments in our strategic growth initiatives, all of which position us for improved results in 2014. We remain committed to delivering long-term growth to our shareholders.
2013 business segment highlights
Coatings New business wins in our Coatings segment con- tributed to increased net sales of 2 percent, reaching $2.2 billion in this segment. We strengthened our business with the acquisition of Inver, a leading European industrial coatings
manufacturer. Inver expands our geographic presence and increases our distribution capabilities in Europe and beyond. In our packaging product line, we won significant new busi- ness in all of our geographies, particularly in the beverage can market. Our coil and wood product lines also delivered improved growth as we grew new business in 2013. Our general industrial product line faced a challenging market as customer demand declined in several product areas. Despite these near term headwinds, we won new business in this product line and are well positioned with customers as the market recovers.
Paints Our Paints segment results were strong in 2013, with net sales increasing 4 percent to $1.7 billion. We increased market share through several strategic initiatives and new business wins. The United States housing market continued to improve and investments in our brand fueled growth at retail partners like Lowe’s. We also launched an enhanced professional painter program at Lowe’s, including expanded product offerings for these customers. The strength of our brand and the high quality of our paint products helped
us win significant new business with the addition of Ace Hardware in 2013. In this partnership, we will supply all of Ace’s private label paint and expect to introduce Valspar- branded paint to over 3,000 Ace Hardware stores. In fiscal 2014, Valspar-branded paint products will be available in nearly 10,000 retail outlets throughout North America. Finally, following a successful testing period this year in B&Q, one of Europe’s leading home improvement retailers, we will distribute Valspar-branded products to 350 B&Q stores in the United Kingdom and Ireland in early 2014.
Geographically well-positioned
Valspar’s strategy of geographic diversity ensures that the company is well positioned for market fluctuations around the world. This geographic diversity worked well in 2013 as
We significantly increased Valspar’s presence in the large European industrial coatings market with the acquisition of Inver Group.
 *See footnote on the Valspar at-a-glance page.

         our strong business performance in the United States offset softness in Europe and China. With the ebbs and flows in global markets, we remained flexible, won new customers and took actions to improve the long term profitability of our business.
Our business in North America, which accounts for more than half of our total sales, delivered strong sales and volume growth. All of our product lines won new business, and we drove sales growth in consumer paint, automotive, packag- ing, coil and wood. This growth reflects improvements in the United States residential housing market and construction spending, coupled with our new business wins.
Supporting our communities, employees
and the environment
Throughout 2013, we continued our support in the com- munities where we operate. Our partnership with Habitat for Humanity delivered the third year of the Valspar “Hearts & Hands for Habitat”, donating more than a quarter million gallons of paint to Habitat’s affiliates and other charitable organizations in 2013. Our employees also generously devoted their time to various Habitat programs.
With more than 10,000 employees in over 25 countries, the safety of our employees remains a top priority. Our outstand- ing safety record continued with another year-over-year improvement in workplace safety.
Our sustainability programs made progress toward better environmental stewardship in our facilities and delivering solutions to our customers that enable them to meet their environmental objectives. We have now replaced many of our solventborne products with waterborne products to improve performance, reduce energy consumption and lower emissions in the environment. For example, we recently
Two new Century Pearl products under the Huarun umbrella brand have been well received in China’s large and lucrative affordable housing segment.
announced an agreement to provide our Aquaguard® water- borne coating for more sustainable shipping containers to Maersk, the world’s largest shipping container company.
Board of Directors transitions
After 21 years of service, Gregory R. Palen retired from our board in February. We thank Greg for his loyal and dedicated service and wish him the best. In April, Shane D. Fleming, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Cytec Industries, Inc., was elected to our Board of Directors. His global perspective and business insight will be a tremendous asset as we continue to expand our presence in global Paint and Coatings segments.
Outlook for continued growth
Looking ahead, we expect stronger sales and earnings growth in fiscal 2014 driven by the benefits from the Inver acquisition, new business wins, and a continued focus on growing the business through each of our product lines.
Our focus on the long term has not changed. We remain committed to our strategy of creating value for our custom- ers and shareholders by investing in our technology and brands, delivering outstanding customer service and expand- ing our geographic presence.
Valspar’s global leadership position would not be possible without the dedication of our employees. I want to thank all of our employees for their passion for our business and their outstanding service to our customers.
As always, thank you for your support.
Gary E. Hendrickson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Like our chameleon friend, Jon, consumers are assured their perfect color choice through Valspar’s “Love Your Color GuaranteeTM.” Jon and his equally colorful wife, Val, starred in our playful integrated marketing campaign.
   