TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Fiscal year 2008 was a period of great success for Varian Medical
Systems. We introduced important new lifesaving products,
strengthened the company’s share in our key markets, expanded
our manufacturing capability to support future growth, and
reported very strong financial results.
The company grew revenues substantially, and leveraged margin
improvements to achieve even higher growth rates in net earnings.
Compared to the previous fiscal year, based on continuing operations,
our annual revenues increased 18 percent to $2.1 billion, with healthy
contributions from every major business segment. Annual net orders
grew 15 percent to $2.3 billion. We ended the year with a $1.9 billion
net order backlog, up 14 percent from the total at the end of fiscal
2007, and built a solid foundation for continued growth next year.
Margins strengthened. Compared to the previous year, our gross mar-
gin for fiscal year 2008 climbed by better than half a percentage point
to 42.4 percent, and the annual operating margin increased nearly a
full percentage point to 20.3 percent of revenues.
Annual net earnings from continuing operations reached $295 million,
22 percent higher than the prior year. Including our ACCEL research
instruments division, which we reclassified as a discontinued opera-
tion, net earnings rose 17 percent to $279 million. We plan to sell
the research instruments division in order to focus on finishing the
development of our proton therapy products.
The company ended the year with nearly $400 million in cash and
cash equivalents, and debt of only $40 million. Cash flows, shareholder
equity, return on equity, and days sales outstanding all improved over
the previous year
Varian’s mission is to
explore and develop radiation technology that
protects and saves lives.
We strive to operate as
a partner for
life by
working together for
this common purpose. In the last year, I have focused the people of
Varian on this effort as a core value that underpins the goals we
share with our customers and others.
I’ve challenged our team to help save the lives of 100,000 more cancer
patients a year. That’s enough additional survivors to fill a large stadium,
and it’s achievable within the next five years. To meet this challenge, we
have concentrated on helping hospitals and clinics improve the out-
comes, quality, affordability, and accessibility of radiotherapy and radio-
surgery with better products that are simple, exciting, and enjoyable to
use. Our win-win objective in this—and in all of our businesses—is to
help enable and consequently share in the success of our customers’ life-
saving efforts.
In 2008, we offered our customers new and improved clinical tools,
including our RapidArc™ product. These tools are aimed at improving
patient outcomes and increasing clinical throughput and productivity.
They have been business successes for us as well, making it possible
for our Oncology Systems business to gain several points of market
share. We grew orders, revenues, and margins for this business. Unit
volume increased. Our service business rose by more than 20 percent.
Annual sales of software also grew by more than 20 percent as we
introduced new features for faster, simpler treatment planning and
numerous improvements in our information management tools for
both radiation and medical oncology. Guided by our customers’ wish
lists, we added many capabilities while improving the speed and us-
ability of our ARIA™ software for managing paperless and filmless
clinical operations. And our BrachyTherapy business grew by more
than 20 percent in net orders after we combined our BrachyTherapy
and Oncology Systems salesforces.
We entered the fiscal year as the number three player in radiosurgery
and, with the help of our BrainLAB partnership, we are gaining leadership in this important emerging
market. The Novalis Tx™ product platform, which combines the best of BrainLAB and Varian, including our
RapidArc technology, gives clinics an unmatched combination of speed,
precision, and cost-efficiency for both image-guided radiosurgery and
radiotherapy

2 Minute Treatments
Varian launched another major
revolution in radiotherapy with
the introduction of our RapicArc
technology in the first half of the
year. Even we were surprised by
how well this product performed
when we first saw it working in
the lab. Image-guided, intensity-
modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) treatments that once took upwards of
?? minutes per session can now be delivered two to eight times faster.
Rather than using a series of fixed beams to deliver a treatment, a
RapidArc beam targets the tumor in a single continuous rotation
around the patient. Pairing our industry-leading beam-shaping multi-
leaf collimators with the unrivaled switching speed of our linear accelerators, RapidArc continuously reshapes the beam while modulating
energy levels. These advances enable clinicians to deliver doses with
unprecedented control and precision.
RapidArc has tremendous potential to improve radiotherapy and radio-
surgery. Early clinical work with treatment plans shows that, in many
cases, RapidArc can spare more healthy tissue than is possible with con-
ventional IMRT. Studies show that faster treatments can improve the precision of dose delivery by reducing the time for voluntary or involuntary
patient motion. Given the ability to spare more healthy tissue, clinicians
can consider escalating doses to increase the chances of eradicating tumors. Also, bench-top studies suggest that quicker dose delivery kills can-
cer cells more effectively.
Besides offering meaningful clinical advantages and more convenience for
the patient, the speed of RapidArc can provide a major economic benefit
for clinics and patients. Centers can treat up to 50 percent more patients
per day and significantly reduce their cost per treatment, thereby making
the most advanced forms of radiotherapy more accessible and affordable.
It is now no surprise to us that RapidArc has become the most successful
product introduction in our company’s history. By the end of the fiscal
year, we booked more than 300 orders for this product, and some 30 radiotherapy centers had completed installations and commenced treat-
ments. RapidArc is now being used in centers around the world to treat
tumors in the prostate, head and neck, lung, brain, and many other sites.
It’s already clear that RapidArc will be a major contributor in our campaign to help save the lives 
of more cancer patients
100% filmless medical offices
X-ray imaging is going filmless, and Varian is at the
epicenter of this movement, helping radiologists,
dentists, and veterinarians to take high-quality
images of their patients more quickly and cost-
efficiently. In fiscal 2008, we expanded our line
of flat-panel detectors for filmless X-ray imaging
by introducing our first products for digital radiog-
raphy. With this important addition, Varian now
offers X-ray equipment manufacturers the most
complete line of detectors for filmless imaging.
Our flat-panel products
drove impressive double-
digit growth in annual net
orders, revenues, and oper-
ating profits for our X-Ray
Products group during the
year. Panels now represent
more than $120 million or
nearly 40 percent of the annual orders for the X-Ray Products business,
which, until five years ago, sold X-ray tubes exclusively. We have suc-
cessfully established Varian as a major panel supplier for X-ray equip-
ment manufacturers that are converting and updating their product
lines to offer the advantages of filmless imaging. During the year, we
executed 13 new contracts with equipment manufacturers around the
globe to supply panels for a broad range of X-ray imaging applications.
We also continued to grow our X-ray tube business, stepping up manu-
facturing volumes and meeting customer demands for the development
of two new high-performance, cost-competitive tubes for multislice CT
scanners. A highlight of the year was the execution of a $320 million,
multiyear contract with Toshiba to supply high-power X-ray tubes for
CT scanning. This agreement continues a long and productive relation-
ship between our companies.
China has become an important growth region for our X-Ray Products
business. During the year, we acquired the Pan Pacific distributorship
and established a loading and service operation at our Beijing plant to
better serve customers in Asia. Sales increased by more than 50 percent
in China and by more than 25 percent in Europe.
Throughout the year, we were challenged by rising commodity prices
for the special metals and materials needed to produce high-performance
tubes and panels. Several effective cost-reduction initiatives netted the
business more than $7 million in savings, which helped to offset some
of these higher costs
30 Second Cargo Scans
“Security at the speed of
business.” It’s a phrase the
people working in our
Security and Inspection
Products group often repeat. They have developed products that can detect—in 30 seconds or
less—threatening materials or contraband hidden within a cargo container. To screen cargo passing through ports and border crossings, the
United States and other nations around the world are turning to Varian
technology and products for high-energy X-ray imaging and automated
image analysis.
In fiscal 2008, our Secu-
rity and Inspection group
generated more than $90
million in net orders and
revenues. Annual revenues for this emerging
business rose by nearly 70 percent as we supplied products for volume
deployment in the Middle East, Eastern Europe, and other parts of the
world. We celebrated the grand opening of a new 85,000-square-foot
facility in Las Vegas that more than doubled our manufacturing capacity
for these products.
With the help of a technology breakthrough, we developed and intro-
duced the Linatron® Mi™ dual-energy accelerator, a compact unit that
enables materials discrimination and automatic identification of con-
traband materials. It produces superior images and easily retrofits
high-energy technology into existing low-energy systems. With these
capabilities, this product can not only serve in scores of new systems,
but also be used to upgrade many of the 350 existing Varian-equipped
cargo-screening installations.
The key to Varian’s success
In almost every respect, fiscal 2008 was a year of great success for our
company. We developed and deployed game-changing technology and
exciting new products that empowered our customers and partners to
do more than they ever thought possible. We controlled costs, grew
profits, and delivered solid financial results. We continued to invest in
next-generation lifesaving products that will make tomorrow a better
place. The power behind the achievements of fiscal 2008 and through-
out our history is
the people of Varian and the commitment we share
to protect and save lives.
I thank you for supporting and investing in our enterprise, and I look forward to celebrating future successes with you at the end of fiscal year 2009.
Sincerely Yours
Tim Guertin
President And CEO