   TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
   In 2009, Karen Fry was running out of options in her battle against metastatic breast cancer. New tumors in her lower spine were causing intense pain that was spreading and interfering with her ability to walk. Varian technology enabled her doctors to attack the tumors with radio- surgery using precisely shaped high-energy X-ray beams. Today she’s enjoying retire- ment in her new home.
2010 was a year of new beginnings for Karen Fry, who retired and moved to Paradise, California, to start a new life at the age of 61 after successful radiosurgery for metastatic breast cancer that had spread to her lower spine. Now, one year after her treatment with Varian Medical Systems technology, Karen is a cancer survivor who’s enjoying life.
Stories like Karen’s inspire all of us at Varian to give our best in our mission to harness the power of focused energy to save lives and prevent harm. I have given our company a goal to help save 100,000 more lives like Karen’s each year by providing customers around the world with exciting new technology, products, and services for controlling cancer, improving X-ray imaging, and securing ports and borders. Varian’s accomplishments in fiscal 2010 exemplify this calling.
After getting off to a rocky start stemming from recession, healthcare reform, and reim- bursement worries in North America, the company finished the year on a strong note with expansion in our major regional markets and several exciting product introductions that position us for continued growth.
We delivered solid financial results for the year. Annual net orders for the company in- creased by 10 percent to $2.6 billion for the fiscal year, if we exclude a $62 million proton therapy system order that was booked in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 and then cancelled in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010. Excluding that proton order from fiscal 2009, our year-ending backlog rose 10 percent to $2.2 billion. Including the proton order and its can- cellation, net orders rose 5 percent for the fiscal year, and the year-ending backlog rose 7 per- cent. Revenues from continuing operations for the year were $2.4 billion, up 6 percent from fiscal year 2009 and in line with expectations based on annual order growth of only 3 per- cent in the prior year. Compared to the prior year, gross margins were up in both our busi- ness segments, and successful cost-savings initiatives enabled the company to increase its operating earnings from continuing operations by 13 percent to $534 million, or nearly
23 percent of revenues. Annual net earnings from continuing operations compared to the prior year rose 11 percent to $367 million, rising to nearly 16 percent of revenues.
The fiscal year included an accelerated repurchase and retirement of nearly 4 million shares of stock, which helped to drive higher earnings per share. We ended the year in a strong financial position with $520 million in cash and cash equivalents, and only $43 million of debt. We’re pleased with this performance as it demonstrates that we have a sound growth strategy and the ability to execute in a way that delivers value to our investors as well as our customers.
 VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
|1

  Redefining the medical linear accelerator
Varian’s TrueBeam system, launched in fiscal 2010, is designed to revolutionize cancer care with faster, more precise radiotherapy and radiosurgery.
Oncology Systems
In April 2010, our Oncology Systems business staged a special event in front of hun- dreds of customers in New York City to introduce Varian’s TrueBeamTM linear accelera- tor with a radical new design for both radiotherapy and radiosurgery. This versatile new weapon in the war against cancer treats patients with unprecedented speed, auto- mates and streamlines clinical workflow, and employs enhanced motion management capability to target tumors and other anatomic anomalies with tremendous precision. This next-generation accelerator operates at multiple energy levels that give clinicians unmatched flexibility for tailoring treatments to each patient. Unlike any other ma- chine, it switches easily between treatment and research modes to support clinical dis- covery and further advances in medicine. TrueBeam embodies more than a decade of intense research and development in close concert with many leading clinicians from around the globe. We believe it has the potential to redefine cancer treatment and help us achieve our goal of saving more lives.
Customer response to our TrueBeam system has been overwhelmingly positive. By
the end of the fiscal year, hospitals and clinics in North America, Europe, and Asia had placed more than 125 orders for the system and we had more than 30 installations complete or in progress. Clinicians have already performed more than 1,000 treatments with TrueBeam, and we are particularly excited to see the system being used for radio- surgery in lung cancer cases where we believe it can contribute to major improvements in outcomes for patients.
Doctors at the University of Zurich, which has already treated more than 100 cases with TrueBeam, completed a lung cancer treatment in just over one minute, and they have reduced treatment sessions to one-fourth the time needed when using lower dose rates. Similarly, other pioneering clinicians at the University of Alabama in Birming- ham used TrueBeam with Varian’s respiratory gating technology to compensate for motion and complete intensity-modulated radiotherapy (IMRT) in a matter of min- utes. It was gratifying to hear the doctor observe that these capabilities appeared to
 Lowering the cost per treatment
Varian’s UNIQUE accelerator provides international clinics with a cost-effective solution for fast, image- guided RapidArc treatments.
 2 |
VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

  improve his patient’s sense of comfort and well-being. We believe that radiosurgery for liver tumors also represents a large opportunity where the TrueBeam system’s combi- nation of speed, precision, imaging guidance, and advanced motion management capa- bilities could improve outcomes.
Coincident with the TrueBeam launch, we introduced our Gated RapidArc® product, a next-generation volumetric modulated arc therapy capability that enables clinicians to coordinate high-speed treatments with patients’ respiratory cycles. This important new product, which supports improved precision on TrueBeam as well as our Trilogy® and other high-energy Clinac® iX accelerators, also contributed to strong RapidArc net order growth for Oncology Systems during the year. As of the end of the fiscal year, we had more than 1,200 orders and 600 installations of our RapidArc products. We are well ahead of all competitors in the global deployment of this technology for faster, more precise radiotherapy and radiosurgery.
The strong demand for TrueBeam, as well as customer interest in the rest of our accel- erator line—from Trilogy to Clinac iX to the new UNIQUETM, which offers affordable image-guided RapidArc IMRT to international markets—helped annual unit order volume to hit record levels in fiscal 2010. This set the stage for further expansion of
our installed base of medical linear accelerators, which now stands at more than 6,000 machines—more than three times higher than the installed base of any other company in the world. This, in turn, is laying the groundwork for continued expansion of our service business, which achieved record orders in fiscal year 2010 and now stands as an approximately $570 million annual business that represents nearly 30 percent of annual Oncology Systems orders and revenues. Service, which generates recurring revenue for the company, has now expanded at an average of 17 percent per year for the last six years and is an increasingly important element of our growth strategy. We expect that service will also play an important role in the future growth of our other businesses.
Simplifying treatments
The TrueBeam system’s streamlined console consolidates all controls for imaging, treatment, and motion management, making treatment processes easier to learn and execute.
 VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
|3
Gaining speed, adding capabilities
Varian has added capabilities to its industry-leading EclipseTM treatment planning software, including algorithms for faster planning and tools that extend the utility of RapidArc technology.
 
  Images courtesy of RPTC Munich.
  Putting protons to work
Clinicians at the Rinecker Proton Therapy Center in Munich are using Varian’s technology for intensity- modulated proton therapy to treat pediatric cancers and other complex cases.
On a geographic basis, our Oncology Systems business generated annual order growth of 10 percent with solid double-digit order growth in both Europe and Asia. North America, which got off to a rocky start with a double-digit order decline in the first half of the fiscal year, began to recover in the second half and finished with 4 percent order growth for the fiscal year. As of the end of the fiscal year, the North American market appeared to be returning to more normal order patterns, thanks in part to interest in our new products and renewed confidence among our customers.
International orders grew 16 percent for the year and represented 53 percent of Oncol- ogy’s annual orders. Orders rose 187 percent in India, 58 percent in China, and 17 per- cent in Brazil. We are particularly excited about our ongoing growth opportunities in these important emerging markets with growing economies and underequipped cancer treatment clinics. They need systems capable of rapidly delivering advanced radiother- apy or radiosurgery at a low cost per treatment. This plays to Varian’s strength, which is based on our unique ability to deliver versatile cancer treatment systems that combine precision, speed, automation, imaging excellence, and reliability. To grow, many of these regions also need more skilled technicians to plan and deliver treatments, and Varian is helping to address this with educational support. In fiscal 2010, we established a new training center in India to supplement Varian educational programs in China, Europe, and the United States, and we have now established the largest training net- work for radiotherapy and radiosurgery in the world.
  4 |
VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

  X-Ray Products
Our X-Ray Products business achieved record net orders, sales, and operating earnings in fiscal 2010. Annual net orders rose a remarkable 24 percent to $419 million, and an- nual revenues rose 22 percent to top $400 million for the first time in the history of this business. Asia and Europe were responsible for the lion’s share of the growth for X-Ray Products, while North America was also positive, indicating a possible turnaround for the imaging industry in this region, which has been slowed by recession-related dol- drums as well as reimbursement cuts.
Our PaxScan® line of flat-panel detectors for filmless X-ray imaging was the fastest growing portion of this business, with orders rising by more than 40 percent for the year, and it is now nearly the same size as our X-ray tube business. The growth of the PaxScan business is being driven by an ongoing industry transition to faster, lower-cost filmless X-ray imaging for medical diagnostics, dentistry, veterinary care, and security. X-ray equipment manufacturers in all of these areas have been stepping up production of filmless imaging systems using our panels. In fiscal 2010, we were helped by healthy demand for our new PaxScan digital radiography panels, which are being used to re- place or retrofit older film-based and computed radiographic systems. Broader adop- tion of dynamic panels for cone-beam CT scanning also contributed to the growth in our PaxScan business during the year. The worldwide market for flat-panel detectors is expected to reach $2.5 billion by 2014, and Varian, as an independent supplier with a broadening product line, is positioned to gain a significant share of it.
Order growth in our traditional X-ray tube business was nearly 10 percent for fiscal year 2010 in a relatively flat market, indicating that we may have gained share against the competition. We had a nice pickup in demand for our industrial tubes, which are used for nondestructive testing and baggage screening systems. Apparent share gains by our customers also contributed to the growth in our tube business.
Advancing digital mammography
Varian aims to advance digital mammography and radiography by producing a new breed of X-ray tube that works with its specialized PaxScan flat-panel image detectors to generate high-quality images in less time. These new products were among several introduced this year that should support continued growth for this business.
  VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
|5

   Seeing the unseen
Varian technology is at the heart of cargo screening operations in many of the world’s major ports.
Emerging Businesses
While we continued to make good progress with research and development, fiscal 2010 was a challenge for our emerging businesses, including Security and Inspection Products (SIP) and Varian Particle Therapy. Apparent public tender award wins in both businesses were thwarted by competitive challenges, including one that led to the previously mentioned cancellation of a proton therapy system order in Sweden.
Annual orders for our SIP unit were down significantly from the prior year despite our being selected to provide products for high-energy X-ray screening systems needed to secure U.S. ports and borders. Protests to these tenders prevented the company from booking these orders, although we were able to continue taking orders for international installations. Lower than expected volumes in SIP caused us to downsize this business and take a $2 million restructuring charge during fiscal year 2010. Even with this restruc- turing charge, our SIP business contributed to Varian’s overall profitability for the year.
Our SIP team continued to make technical advances in the direction of smaller, faster, more automated screening systems that are capable of distinguishing suspicious materi- als secreted within cargo containers and trucks. We believe that Varian is the technol- ogy leader in this field, and when cargo screening components are selected, Varian is winning the largest share of tender awards. We remain confident that our SIP business has a sizable market opportunity and that we can capitalize on it with persistent im- provement in technology.
In our particle therapy business, Varian has been named the preferred provider for planned centers in San Diego, Maryland, the Netherlands, and Italy. We are also in serious discussions with several other groups that are planning to build proton therapy centers in the United States and Europe. We are continuing to improve the clinical via- bility of this technology and we believe it has the potential to save the lives of many can- cer patients, particularly young patients. Our ProBeamTM particle therapy technology is already in action at the Rinecker Proton Therapy Center in Munich, where clinicians have used it to deliver more than 300 treatments.
 6 |
VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

 The Future
Varian Medical Systems has the technology, products, and team to make the world a much better and safer place. We continue to push back the boundaries of medical care and X-ray imaging, always with the emphasis on making life-saving technologies avail- able to more people worldwide.
The driving force behind all our efforts is the great talent of the people at Varian and their commitment to our life saving goal. This goal drove us to perform successfully in 2010 and it will carry us through 2011 and beyond. We thank you for being a part of it.
Sincerely,
Tim Guertin President and CEO
  VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
|7
