To Our Stockholders
Fiscal year 2011 was another period of good progress for
Varian’s strategic growth initiatives, with topline gains in all
of our businesses. Despite ongoing concerns regarding
the health of the global economy, the company achieved
solid growth in orders, revenue, and net earnings, and we
finished the year with another record setting backlog that
positions us for continued growth in fiscal 2012.
Rapid market adoption of our TrueBeam™ platform for fast,
precise, cost-efficient radiotherapy and radiosurgery was a
major highlight for us in fiscal 2011. We ended the year
with 380 TrueBeam orders since its introduction in mid
2010, making it the most successful launch of a medical
linear accelerator since we introduced the first one to the
world nearly 60 years ago. Some 145 TrueBeam installations
were complete or in progress at year’s end, and many of
these versatile new systems were being used for both
radiotherapy and radiosurgery. TrueBeam has the potential
to substantially help improve outcomes in lung and liver
cancer and broaden the range of diseases that can be
treated with radiation. With this technology, we are hopeful
that we have again improved the odds of beating cancer
and lived up to our ongoing mission of helping to save
100,000 more lives each year.
Our Oncology Systems team also successfully focused on
streamlining clinical workflow during the year to improve
treatment capacity and patient access to this life-saving
technology. Varian’s RapidArc
®
product for speedier treat-
ments topped 2,000 orders, more than the entire installed
base of our nearest competitor. Furthermore, we automated
time-consuming portions of the treatment planning process
in our Eclipse™ software while simultaneously improving
clinical information management and user experience
through a redesign of our ARIA®
software. ARIA, which has
now been integrated more tightly with our Eclipse prod-
uct, again achieved the top ranking by an independent
adjudicator.
Customer service and support continued its streak of
mid-teens growth, generating recurring revenues that now
constitute about one third of our total annual Oncology
business. To enhance our clinical offerings and support
further growth we acquired Calypso, which supplies a
system with implantable markers that could help to improve treatment precision by tracking movement in prostate and
lung tumors. We also made an investment that provides
Varian with an option to buy Augmenix, which has an excit-
ing technology that could be used to position the prostate
away from sensitive tissues for high-dose radiosurgery.
The X-Ray Products segment achieved another year of
double-digit growth in sales of tubes and flat panel detec-
tors for filmless X-ray imaging. In 2011, our engineers
worked on several important new tube and panel products
that address strong global demand for faster, more cost-
efficient, filmless X-ray imaging procedures in medical
diagnostics, mammography, dentistry, veterinary care, and
security. As a result, this business has set the stage for
another year of solid growth in 2012.
Varian’s particle therapy business booked an $88 million
dollar order for a system that is now being installed at the
new Scripps Proton Therapy Center in San Diego. Treatments
on the system, which will be Varian’s first turnkey installation,
are due to begin in 2013 for children and adults with cancers
where greater protection of healthy tissues is critical. We are
optimistic that this installation will be a catalyst for more
accessible financing for future centers, and Varian has
already been selected for additional installations of this
promising treatment technology in coming years. Meanwhile,
our Security and Inspections Products business finished
the year with strong orders and development of smaller,
faster, more automated imaging products and systems for
cargo screening at ports and borders.
During 2011 we published our first Corporate Sustainability
Report outlining programs, achievements and goals for
improving access to healthcare, protecting our environ-
ment, ensuring health and safety, and supporting our local
communities. Varian has been committed to these principles
throughout our history but this is the first time we have
compiled data and set goals in this way. We invite you to
review it on our website and share in the pride that we take
in the way we operate.
Finally, let me congratulate Dow Wilson on his promotion to
chief operating officer for the company and Kolleen Kennedy
on her new role as president of our Oncology Systems busi-
ness. These individuals together with many other talented
managers have made great contributions to Varian’s success.
I’m confident they will steer the company to even greater
achievements as we strive to reach $5 billion in annual
orders. They will have the help of some 5,700 employees
who are working to build a business by supplying the world
with life-saving technologies and products. I thank all of
these people for their commitment to this mission and
I thank you for being a part of it.
Sincerely,
tim guertin
president & ceo