 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Fiscal year 2014 was a year of investment that paid off with strong growth in gross orders and a record year-ending backlog. Varian is positioned for continued expansion in fiscal 2015 and beyond. We remain focused on growing in emerging markets, expanding our software and service businesses, innovating next-generation products, commercializing our proton therapy technology and driving for profitability through operational excellence.
We invested more in enhancing our top-line growth prospects during the year. We stepped up spending on research and development and on expanding our sales, marketing and service resources to capitalize on some significant market opportunities. As expected, this lowered our annual operating margins, but we are now set to grow net earnings per share faster than revenues in fiscal 2015.
Emerging markets were a major growth driver for Oncology Systems during the year, with a combined growth rate of 25 percent in Brazil, Russia, India, China and Africa. We began booking a portion of the orders from our tender award to supply Brazil with 80 accelerators for its public hospitals. We also received a large order to equip several cancer centers in Algeria. Markets outside North America accounted for 55 percent of our annual Oncology orders. New customers in Asia presented a sizable growth opportunity for our Imaging Components business during the year. Growth in the more developed markets of Europe and Asia was tempered by spending slowdowns and a significant decline in the yen. In North America, annual Oncology gross orders were up 7 percent. We saw some strength in the United States where we won several major multi-year deals with consolidated health systems that are moving to replace aging equipment with new systems capable of both radiotherapy and radiosurgery.
We made significant progress during the year in our software business, adding cloud-based services and several new data analytics tools for enhancing clinical decision-making as well as the speed and quality of patient treatments. These tools position us to double our $550 million business in software licenses and software service agreements over the next several years. Our Oncology service revenues grew at close to a double-digit rate to nearly $1 billion for the year. Recurring service revenues represent nearly 40 percent of total revenues for Oncology Systems. We are also building service businesses in our Imaging Components and proton therapy businesses.
Innovation is the lifeblood of Varian. The creativity of our team is demonstrated in great products such as TrueBeamTM, EdgeTM and RapidArc® that drive treatment centers to modernize patient care with systems that are faster, more efficient and more versatile. With pioneering developments in flat panel detectors, we have built a broad portfolio of products including wireless flat panel detectors and new image processing workstations to support faster, more cost-efficient digital X-ray imaging. In fiscal 2014, products introduced within the last five years accounted for more than 45 percent of the company’s gross orders. We are getting a good return on our investment in research and development, and we will continue to invest in several exciting new products in fiscal 2015.
Fiscal 2014 was a big year for our proton business. Patient treatments commenced at Scripps Proton Center, and we received orders totaling $116 million for three new projects in Taiwan, Cincinnati and Switzerland. Including these projects, we have five booked orders in our backlog and another three contracts for systems that will be booked when our customer establishes financing for them. We hope to book some of these in fiscal 2015. In the meantime, the market for proton systems is expanding and we’re aiming to build a profitable $300 million annual proton business within the next few years.
Varian employees share a vision to help save millions of lives around the world every year. With their passion and hard work, we’re realizing this vision. We’re succeeding through a commitment to sustainable business practices and to being a vital part of every community we serve.
Today, Varian is a market and technology leader with multiple platforms for profitable growth in global markets for oncology systems, X-ray imaging components, and proton therapy. We are financially stable with substantial recurring revenues from a rapidly growing service business, strong operating cash flows and a conservative balance sheet. We are returning value to shareholders through stock buybacks and we are committed to operational excellence and growing profits at an even faster rate than we’re growing revenues. We’re excited about what’s ahead and we hope you are too.
DOW WILSON
Chief Executive Officer
 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 1
