To Our Stockholders
I’m pleased to report
that Varian Medical
Systems had a very productive fi scal year 2007, marked
by respectable fi nancial performance, the opening of a
new manufacturing plant in China, two acquisitions,
and several major product introductions that position
the company for growth in coming years.
It was also a year of important mile-
stones. We entered the Fortune 1000,
became a member of Standard & Poor’s
S&P 500 stock index, and garnered
several honors. We were named number
14 on the 2007
BusinessWeek
listing of
the 50 top performing companies in the
S&P 500, and we were listed as one of the
IndustryWeek
50 best
publicly held U.S. manufacturing companies. We also received
the prestigious
Computerworld
21st
Century Achievement
Award for our use of information technology to benefit society.
And Varian again ranked first in the industry in overall service
performance in the annual independent survey conducted by
IMV, Ltd.
Our company operates with four strategic goals: We’re
committed to sustaining profitable growth; establishing tech-
nical and clinical preeminence; operating with safety and integrity and in compliance with laws and
regulations; and building
a talented, productive, and inspired workforce. In fiscal 2007,
we made good progress toward meeting all of these objectives.
Profitable growth
Varian Medical Systems has tripled in size since becoming a
stand-alone company in 1999. Fiscal 2007 got off
to a slow
start because of customer purchasing delays and new competitive challenges in the first half of the year, but we regained our
momentum with the help of new marketing initiatives and
reported solid growth in second-half revenues and net orders,
with contributions from all major business segments.
Compared to our last fiscal year, net orders for fiscal year
2007 grew by 14 percent to $2.1 billion, annual revenues grew
11 percent to $1.8 billion, and our year-ending backlog grew
21 percent to $1.7 billion. Annual net earnings per diluted share,
which this year included $0.06 per share in dilutive effects from
new acquisitions, totaled $1.83 per share, versus $1.81 per share in
the previous year when we had a $0.16 per share benefit from
discrete tax events and discontinued operations. Apples-to-
apples, excluding the eff
ects of the 2007 acquisitions and the
discrete benefits in fiscal year 2006, our fiscal year 2007 net
earnings grew by 15 percent over the total for fiscal 2006.
Compared to the previous fiscal year, annual net orders in
our Oncology Systems business rose 7 percent to $1.6 billion
and annual revenues increased 8 percent to $1.4 billion. In
our X-Ray Products business, annual
net orders and revenues each grew
13 percent, to $273 million and
$258 million, respectively. The “Other”
category, which includes our Security
and Inspection business and our newly
acquired ACCEL business, grew its
annual net orders by 292 percent to $166 million and increased
revenues by 135 percent to $79 million.
Technical and clinical preeminence
We developed and introduced several important new products
during the fiscal year. We announced RapidArc™, a revolutionary
advance that makes it possible to deliver image-guided, intensity-modulated radiation therapy (IMRT) up to five times faster
and much more precisely than is possible with conventional
IMRT or helical tomotherapy. For patients, it should result in
faster, more comfortable treatments with fewer complications
and better outcomes. We see it enabling radiation oncology
centers to care for more patients, simplify treatment processes,
improve outcomes, and increase their return on investment. We
expect that RapidArc will help to usher in a new standard of
care for patients and clinics around the world.
For stereotactic radiosurgery, we introduced Novalis Tx™, the
result of a fresh collaboration between Varian and our longtime
partner BrainLAB. This offering combines the best products
from both companies, including Varian’s top-of-the-line Trilogy®
accelerator, the On-Board Imager®, and our new high-definition,
120-leaf, beam-shaping collimator for greater precision, along
with BrainLAB’s patient couch, imaging device, and software.
Novalis Tx gives surgeons as well as radiation oncologists a
radiosurgery platform with an unmatched combination of precision, speed, versatility, and affordability.
The company’s 2007 product developments for oncology care
also included faster, more automated treatment planning software and several new tools for 
brachytherapy. Together, all of

our oncology products are designed to help patients and their
caregivers with faster, easier, more aff
ordable, and more effective treatments while significantly enhancing our technical and
market leadership over all competitors.
Our X-Ray Products group made significant additions to its line
of X-ray tubes and flat-panel image detectors during the year.
We added a powerful new tube for enhancing medical diagnostics with subsecond, multislice CT scanning. We also began
shipments of our new PaxScan® flat-panel detectors for large-
format filmless radiographic imaging, and several customers are
incorporating these into next-generation equipment for faster,
less costly, and easier imaging. These new radiographic panels
position us to capture more of the largest segment of the market
for filmless X-ray imaging products—a market that we expect
will exceed $2 billion per year.
We believe our radiographic
panels will replace computed
radiography plates as the standard for digital radiography
and that this trend can
contribute to the ongoing
growth of our company.
Through our acquisition of Bio-Imaging Research (BIR) this
year, we introduced IntellX, a new imaging system that utilizes
Varian’s Linatron® accelerator, as well as detectors and image-processing soft
ware from BIR, for screening cargo at border
crossings. We also developed the new Mi Linatron series, a
smaller and more cost-competitive system for automatic detec-
tion of suspicious materials hidden in cargo. Both of these prod-
ucts should support continued rapid growth for this business as
governments around the globe continue to step up security in
seaports and airports and at border crossings.
Shortly after the fiscal year ended, the BIR acquisition enabled
Varian to win a large government contract for the installation
of four cargo screening systems that will be deployed on the
U.S. border with Mexico. This $22 million acquisition makes
it possible for Varian to immediately offer customers more
advanced imaging technology and solutions for cargo screening.
To support our longer-term growth strategy, Varian spent
approximately $30 million to acquire ACCEL Instruments
GmbH, a privately held supplier of scientific research instruments and proton therapy systems for cancer treatment. With
continued development, ACCEL affords Varian the opportunity to build a several-hundred-million-dollar annual business
by offering customers sophisticated systems for an even more
precise and potentially more effective form of radiotherapy.
Operations
Including acquisitions and new plant construction that we initiated during the fiscal year, Varian is enlarging its global facilities
footprint by more than 20 percent. In July we celebrated the
opening of a new 140,000-square-foot facility in Beijing, where
we began manufacturing linear accelerators for China and the
rest of the Asian medical market. This new facility will also
house a new X-Ray Products manufacturing operation so we can
better serve our customers in this region.
The company is converting another 100,000 square feet of
new space in Las Vegas to expand manufacturing and testing
of our products for security and inspection. Th
is project will
make more space available in our
existing Las Vegas facility for a needed
expansion of the Oncology Systems
customer training center.
On the administrative front, we have
invested in several company-wide
initiatives to support customers,
employees, and our shareholders
with better business processes. For
example, we are streamlining information processing across our entire
business cycle from sales quote generation to bill collection. Our
regulatory group has standardized and automated global quality
and training systems to ensure that we continue to operate with
safety and integrity across all of our sites, in full compliance with
the many regulations that govern our business activities.
Our people
We owe our success to our people. Their accomplishments prove
that we have the necessary talent and productivity to achieve
our strategic goals. Together we are focusing energy on saving
lives. We are building a profitable business that provides our
customers with winning solutions for beating cancer, improving
X-ray imaging, and enhancing security and inspection. This is
our mission, and given the fact that cancer has touched almost
all of us in one way or another, it is a constant source of personal
inspiration for each one of us. We hope you share this inspira-
tion. We thank you for your support in fiscal 2007 and we look
forward to sharing more successes with you in fiscal year 2008.
Sincerely yours,
Tim Guertin
