“Varian looks to the future with excitement and confidence.”
$3.1B 2012 TOTAL NET ORDERS
VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS, INC.
   To Our Stockholders,
Varian Medical Systems finished fiscal year 2012 on a strong note after a challenging start that helped to bring out the best in the company. We achieved solid growth in orders, revenue, and net earnings, and another record setting backlog that positions Varian for continued growth in fiscal 2013.
In keeping with the company’s long-standing culture, we continued to focus on innovation. At the 2012 ASTRO meeting, we showcased the new EdgeTM radiosurgery suite*—a fully integrated dedicated system for advanced radiosurgery using new real-time tumor tracking and motion management capabilities. This show-stopping system represents the first really disruptive technology dedicated to radio- surgery in close to two decades. It combines our most advanced accelerator technology with Calypso® real-time tumor tracking and our new PerfectPitchTM couch for fast, accurate delivery of stereo- tactic radiosurgery. We hope to see it become a game-changer, particularly in the fight against lung and liver cancer.
Varian’s versatile TrueBeamTM platform continued to gather momen- tum as the most successful product launch in the company’s history. We ended the year with some 645 orders and about 330 installations complete or in progress since its introduction in 2010. TrueBeam represented about half of our high-energy linear accelerator orders during 2012. Combined with Varian’s software and RapidArc® technology for very fast, ultra-precise and cost-efficient dose deliv- ery, TrueBeam is helping to redefine performance standards in cancer care.
Varian’s installed base of medical linear accelerators reached nearly 7,000 by the end of 2012. This, together with our software and service contracts, helped to produce double-digit growth in our service
business, which generated some $750 million—more than 30 percent of the company’s total orders for the year. Service has become increasingly important to Varian for recurring revenues, and we expect to develop it across all of our businesses.
Our Oncology software services and products generated revenues of $550 million in 2012, making Varian the world’s largest oncology software provider. Today, Varian has more than 3,300 EclipseTM sites and over 3,000 ARIA® sites around the globe. We set the stage for further growth with the year-end introduction of our FullScaleTM oncology IT solutions that enable the virtual deployment of our software tools within healthcare systems of any size, from a one- room clinic to a multi-site hospital. We expect these IT solutions to help grow the market by facilitating more rapid adoption of advanced treatment techniques.
In fiscal 2012, following Siemens Healthcare’s decision to exit the medical linear accelerator market, we announced the formation of a strategic partnership with Siemens. Siemens will provide software connectivity for linking its installed base of 2,000 linear accelera- tors and imaging systems to Varian’s ARIA information system, giving current Siemens customers an easier path to making a Varian accelerator their next purchase. Varian and Siemens will also repre- sent one another’s products in selected markets, helping to extend Varian’s reach into underserved international regions. R&D teams from both companies will collaborate on new imaging and treatment solutions. We are excited about the potential that this strategic part- nership adds for long-term growth in the oncology market.
Our X-Ray Products segment produced another year of growth thanks to the successful introduction of new tubes and digital image detectors for medical diagnostics, dentistry, veterinary care,
  4

TWO THOUSAND & TWELVE ANNUAL REPORT
     DOW WILSON
Chief Executive Officer
security, and industrial inspection. New products have helped Varian to grow its share of the X-ray components market.
We extended our PaxScan® panel offerings to improve workflow and cost efficiency with wireless capability, faster processing, greater sensitivity and dose efficiency, larger imaging areas, and more rugged design. We also expanded our line of compact, PaxPowerTM X-ray tubes for high-throughput digital imaging on portable surgical CT and interventional systems, and incorporated our patented anode- end-grounded technology into new replacement tubes that offer lower life-cycle costs on certain GE CT scanners.
Varian acquired InfiMed of Syracuse, NY, enabling us to begin offering image processing software and workstations. The addition of this business should make it faster and easier for X-ray equipment man- ufacturers to incorporate our technology into their next-generation imaging products. It also sets the stage for the development and growth of a service business within our X-Ray Products segment.
Varian’s Particle Therapy business booked two orders totalling some $120 million during fiscal 2012 to equip new proton therapy centers in Saudi Arabia and Russia. We also announced an $83 mil- lion contract to equip a facility at Emory University in Atlanta, and have been contracted to provision another center at the University of Maryland. We will book these contracts as orders once the projects are financed. Our first installation at the Scripps Proton Therapy Center in San Diego is nearing completion with patient treatments scheduled to begin in fiscal 2013.
Our Security and Inspection Products business achieved roughly $90 million in orders and made a profitable contribution to the company’s performance in 2012. The business also continued to advance Varian’s technology for high speed materials discrimination.
TIM GUERTIN
Chief Executive Officer 2005–2012 Vice Chairman of the Board
LEADERSHIP TRANSITION
The end of fiscal year 2012 marked the end of Tim Guertin’s seven- year tenure as president and CEO. With Tim’s retirement, Dow Wilson, who spent the past year as chief operating officer, commenced serving as the company’s president and CEO at the beginning of fiscal 2013.
During Tim’s tenure as president and CEO, Varian’s revenues and earnings grew by more than 100 percent. More importantly, the company successfully developed significant new products in radia- tion oncology and X-ray imaging. Tim is continuing to serve the company as vice chairman of the Board.
Dow joined Varian in 2005 as president of the Oncology Systems business. Under his leadership, this business doubled its earnings by expanding services, introducing game changing new products, pushing into radiosurgery, and entering into important new strate- gic partnerships. As chief operating officer, he became immersed in the growth of all of Varian’s businesses. Now, as CEO, he is focusing our company on five major strategic initiatives: innovation, global growth, building software and service, commercializing protons, and operational excellence.
With the successful continuation of strong management, leading technologies in all its businesses, and 6,000 people globally sharing a vision to help save millions of lives every year around the world, Varian looks to the future with excitement and confidence. We thank you for your ongoing support.
  *The Edge radiosurgery suite is pending 510(k) clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and not yet available for sale in all markets.
DOW WILSON
Chief Executive Officer
TIM GUERTIN
Chief Executive Officer 2005–2012, Vice Chairman of the Board
  5
