Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to say that Visteon had a record year in 2011, and today
we have the strongest financial profile in our history.
After years of aggressive operational and financial improvements, we
now are uniquely positioned to capitalize on the global automotive
industry’s growth. Worldwide vehicle production, after reaching an
all-time high in 2011, is projected to grow an estimated 6 percent
annually and reach nearly 100 million vehicles by 2015.
With one of the strongest global manufacturing and engineering
footprints in the automotive supplier industry along with
industry-leading technology, Visteon is focused on increasing
customer and shareholder value in this growing industry.
This past year, customers awarded Visteon nearly $1.1 billion in new
business – a 75 percent increase from the previous year – across all
of our product groups and in every region of the world. These
significant new business wins demonstrate that our geographic,
technological and financial strengths are generating excellent results.
Also in 2011, we successfully executed 93 product launches and
received 50 quality and performance awards from our global
customers. Visteon is committed to market-leading
global businesses, capable of
delivering strong returns. In 2011 and
early 2012, we took the following steps
to optimize and streamline our product
portfolio:
• Signed a memorandum of
understanding to sell the majority of
our interiors business to our existing
joint venture, Yanfeng Visteon
Automotive Trim Systems, Co. Ltd.
• Completed the sale of a portion of
our Duckyang interiors joint venture
in Korea.
• Announced plans to sell our
automotive lighting business to
Varroc Group, a global provider of
automotive parts.
In China, the world’s largest automotive
market, our total sales including
non-consolidated joint ventures
reached over $4 billion in 2011. An
integral part of this growth is our
50 percent interest in Yanfeng Visteon,
our joint venture with HASCO, a
publicly traded Chinese company that
is majority-owned by Shanghai
Automotive Industry Corporation. Our
relationship with SAIC dates back to
1994 and continues to develop.
In support of our customers’ global
growth initiatives, we recently launched
new facilities and expanded others in
Morocco, Russia, China, India and
Indonesia. We also demonstrated our
commitment to our customers by
investing approximately $600 million in
research, development and capital
projects. With our worldwide
engineering resources, we are
supporting the drive toward improved fuel economy and reduced emissions, as well as
the shift toward global vehicle platforms.
Our climate control innovations such as electric compressors, battery thermal
management and “leak free” fittings support the push for green technology in vehicles.
Visteon was named an
Automotive News
PACE Award finalist for our patented metal seal
fitting, which launched in early 2012 and is designed to eliminate refrigerant leakage
while reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
In electronics, we are developing innovative cockpit technologies that address our customers’
fast-changing needs such as in-vehicle smartphone wireless charging, due to launch in 2013.
Our hardware and software solutions connect drivers to their vehicles and the outside
world through intelligent user interfaces, with a focus on mitigating driver distraction.
Thanks to our employees around the world, we are capitalizing on the foundation we’ve
established to seize new opportunities in a growing industry. With a transformed financial
and operational structure, Visteon is optimally positioned to deliver value and succeed
with our customers, shareholders, partners, suppliers and employees.
Donald J. Stebbins
Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer and President