Fellow shareholders: Visteon is making good progress toward our goals. The company achieved record financial results in 2013 while announcing or completing several key steps in the value-creating plan that we unveiled in September 2012. True to our plan, we have elevated our performance and outpaced the industry in value creation by simplifying our business and focusing on high-growth vehicle climate control and cockpit electronics businesses. We outperformed 2012 in just about every key financial metric, including sales, adjusted EBITDA (which set a Visteon record), net income and free cash flow. We accomplished this while progressing on each pillar of our plan: · Reaching a milestone agreement to acquire Johnson Controls' electronics operations, to be completed by mid-2014. The acquisition will create a $3 billion vehicle cockpit electronics powerhouse, strengthening our global scale, manufacturing and engineering footprint, product portfolio and customer penetration. · Divesting our interiors business, which has formidable technology but lacks global scale. We intend to exit interiors in several separate transactions, the first of which was announced in early 2014. With our business simplified and focused, Visteon's performance has accelerated. Our stock price was up 52 percent in 2013, compared with a 30 percent rise in the S&P 500. We created $1.14 billion in shareholder value, and our market capitalization increased 40 percent. Since unveiling our plan on Sept. 19, 2012, Visteon's stock is up 95 percent vs. 29 percent for the S&P 500.* We began 2014 with liquidity exceeding $1 billion despite buying back $250 million of our own stock and repurchasing $50 million in bonds during 2013. We completed $300 million in share repurchases since the fourth quarter of 2012, and we are targeting $875 million in additional repurchases through 2015. We are following a lean corporate model, based on the principle that our business units should be · ·

Contributing Visteon's climate business to Halla, creating the world's second largest supplier of automotive climate systems. Halla Visteon Climate Control Corp., 70 percent owned by Visteon, delivers a single consolidated climate presence with a world-class product and technology portfolio. Selling Yanfeng Visteon's interiors-related businesses to our partner ­ generating about $1.2 billion in cash proceeds ­ while taking a controlling interest in Yanfeng's successful electronics business as we focus on that highgrowth segment.

A LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CEO A key to our success has been simplifying our business, stripping away the complexity that kept automakers and investors from grasping our underlying value story. We have reduced nine key businesses down to two market leaders, while shrinking our corporate staff and reducing fixed and administrative costs.
responsible for running themselves without the burden of corporate overhead. From 2012 to early 2014, our corporate staff decreased from nearly 1,200 to around 250, allowing our business units the dedicated resources they need to succeed. Corporate-specific costs, as a portion of total fixed costs, decreased from 38 percent to 11 percent over the same period. With our plan firmly in place, 2014 is the year we shift our emphasis from strategic events to leveraging the competitive business we have shaped, and creating even greater value for customers and shareholders. We are focused on two growth businesses: climate and electronics, with No. 2 and No. 3 global market positions, respectively. Both are cash-generating enterprises with industry- leading technology, strong balance sheets and expanding margins. We are well-positioned in markets that are growing faster than overall industry averages. The vehicle cockpit electronics market includes the rapidly expanding segments of audio and infotainment, driver information and connectivity. We are creating solutions for the converging worlds of consumer electronics and today's connected automobile ­ and will strengthen our position by integrating Johnson Controls' highly regarded technology. Our climate business will benefit from regulatory and environmental changes related to the industry's continued focus on fuel economy and environmental protection. We are providing climate technology on several high-profile ecofriendly vehicles, including the first mass-produced hydrogen fuel cell car by Hyundai, and we are addressing thermal management concerns for the increasing number of electric and hybrid electric vehicles. Innovation is paving the road to our future. In 2013, customers recognized our

away the complexity that kept automakers and investors from grasping our underlying value story. We have reduced nine key businesses down to two market leaders, while shrinking our corporate staff and reducing fixed and administrative costs.
responsible for running themselves without the burden of corporate overhead. From 2012 to early 2014, our corporate staff decreased from nearly 1,200 to around 250, allowing our business units the dedicated resources they need to succeed. Corporate-specific costs, as a portion of total fixed costs, decreased from 38 percent to 11 percent over the same period. With our plan firmly in place, 2014 is the year we shift our emphasis from strategic events to leveraging the competitive business we have shaped, and creating even greater value for customers and shareholders. We are focused on two growth businesses: climate and electronics, with No. 2 and No. 3 global market positions, respectively. Both are cash-generating enterprises with industry- leading technology, strong balance sheets and expanding margins. We are well-positioned in markets that are growing faster than overall industry averages. The vehicle cockpit electronics market includes the rapidly expanding segments of audio and infotainment, driver information and connectivity. We are creating solutions for the converging worlds of consumer electronics and today's connected automobile ­ and will strengthen our position by integrating Johnson Controls' highly regarded technology. Our climate business will benefit from regulatory and environmental changes related to the industry's continued focus on fuel economy and environmental protection. We are providing climate technology on several high-profile ecofriendly vehicles, including the first mass-produced hydrogen fuel cell car by Hyundai, and we are addressing thermal management concerns for the increasing number of electric and hybrid electric vehicles. Innovation is paving the road to our future. In 2013, customers recognized our strong technology by awarding Visteon new business wins totaling $1.8 billion in annual revenue ­ including nearly $700 million in incremental new wins. Our three-year business backlog is approaching $1 billion. Today, Visteon has the technology, the global footprint, the balance sheet and, most importantly, the talent, to continue delivering on our highest priority: creating exceptional value for customers and shareholders. We achieved what we said we would in 2013. What's most exciting is that I believe the best is yet to come. Timothy D. Leuliette President and CEO

