No 01

DEAR shareholders:
The Road Before Us
In mid-2000 when we became a public company and looked out at the road before us, we envisioned a road to success that was slightly smoother than that which we have traveled. As difficult as this journey has been, we have never lost sight of our ultimate destination--to become a profitable, competitive, innovative company focused on helping our customers distinguish their vehicles in the marketplace. It's been a tough road to be sure. But along the way, we have harnessed the power of our people and processes to build a foundation upon which Visteon can successfully compete. 2003 was a difficult, yet pivotal year for Visteon. One of the most significant events was the signing of new commercial agreements with Ford in December. These agreements include revisions to a number of structural and commercial elements established between Visteon and Ford as part of our spin-off from the automaker. The most prominent revision was the solution reached with Ford on the post-retirement health care and life insurance benefit obligations related to Visteon-assigned UAW-Ford hourly employees. We are now relieved of about $1.65 billion of an estimated $3 billion obligation. This is a more manageable health care and life insurance benefit obligation, significantly improving our cash flow and investment flexibility. The agreements were constructive for both companies. They assure Ford that Visteon will be a competitive, high-quality and innovative supplier going forward. Combined with our extensive restructuring actions and tough decisions over the past three years, these agreements have strengthened Visteon's vitality as an independent, global Tier 1 supplier for the benefit of all our customers. Our balance sheet and liquidity remain solid. We have about $1.3 billion in available, revolving credit facilities. Our strong cash levels throughout 2003 greatly supported our transformation efforts. Capital spending for 2003 was $879 million. Cash provided by operating activities was $370 million for the full year. Inventory levels were down more than $100 million from a year ago. Additionally, we ended the year with $956 million in cash and marketable securities.

No 02

Visteon has a strong and deep management team leading this business with intelligence and insight. A key component of improving our competitiveness is leveraging the skills, talent and drive of our people. We're fostering an inclusive and collaborative work environment where employees can contribute to their fullest potential. Our people's creativity and ability to anticipate market needs and leverage technology give us a competitive advantage. Our engineering and product development teams continue to deliver more efficient, targeted use of our R&D investment. We have been accelerating our throughput of innovative new products through the pipeline to commercialization. New business revenue from products developed within the past 24 months is expected to improve 400 percent in 2004 compared with 2002--while spending levels decline. With more than 50 first-to-market introductions since spin-off, we have proven ourselves experts at innovation and integration. Delivering breakthrough products that help our customers distinguish their vehicles in an increasingly competitive marketplace has helped us gain new business. Our non-Ford revenue hit a record $4.2 billion in 2003. This is about 16 percent higher than 2002. Our largest growth has been with Nissan, DaimlerChrysler, Volkswagen, Hyundai and BMW. We're encouraged by the inroads we're making with these and other automakers worldwide. We start 2004 a stronger company because of all we have done since the spin-off. We have made significant progress on our journey to become a competitive, global Tier 1 automotive supplier. 2004 is our defining year. We have a clear path to increase profitability. We've established the necessary processes to run our business with the speed, focus and discipline required by today's most demanding customers. The road before us will provide challenges and opportunities. Visteon is well-positioned to capitalize on both.

Peter J. Pestillo
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Michael F. Johnston
President and Chief Operating Officer

