 S H A R E
$21.6
R E P U R C H A S E $105.7
$91.5
(in millions)
$94.4
Total: $454.6
     $80.5
       $60.9
        LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
     In a year of unprecedented uncertainty, the fundamental strength of our business shined brightly. We continued to generate
significant cash flow and achieved earnings per share and revenue growth, despite a difficult economy. These positive financial results speak highly of our products and services and our clients’ belief in these proven solutions. While much changed in the world, our vision to be the world’s leading marketing services company did not change. Our commitment to expand our product portfolio and our customer base remains strong, as well. I am proud of how our company performed in 2001, and as I look forward, I am enthusiastic about our future.
Making Money Today
We achieved earnings per share growth, before one-time charges, of over 10% in the second half of 2001 versus the same time a year ago. These results are impressive considering they were accomplished in the midst of an advertising spending recession, formidable economic and political unrest
and shattered consumer confidence. U.S. advertising spending was down 9.4% industry- wide in 2001, and without a doubt, the economy led our clients to tighten their marketing budgets. This EPS growth is clear evidence that our Connective MediaTM solutions weather the storm better than traditional media.
These positive results can be attributed to aggressive sales and marketing efforts combined with strict control of our cost of goods components. Cost-containment initiatives were put in place in the latter part of the year, resulting in a 9.5% reduction of selling, general and administrative costs in the fourth quarter of 2001. Additionally, we lowered the company’s debt by $70 million in 2001 and continue to execute against our plan to create a risk-balanced portfolio of investments to drive future growth.
We made the difficult decision in 2001 not to continue to fund Save.com, an Internet couponing investment. We always set high
standards for all of our divisions and hold our investments to disciplined timelines for profitability. Save.com was unable to meet these targets, and we believed our resources would be better invested in areas where the opportunity is more visible, specifically our customer relationship marketing initiative.
Measuring Strength by Cash Flow
We generated over $120 million in cash flow in 2001, enabling us to stay the course for our long-term growth plan. Over the last six years we allocated more than $450 million to share repurchase, which is reflective of the confidence we have in our future and the strength of our company. In 2001, our board authorized a 5-million share repurchase plan for the fourth consecutive time. We remain committed to allocating at least 50% of our yearly net income to share repurchase.
We also continued to strengthen our balance sheet through the sale of zero coupon convertible senior notes and the
1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001
 7 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 8

   Bill Griffeth, anchor: “I know you still do the co-op ads, but what are you broadening into?”
Alan Schultz: “We’ve been known for years as a free-standing insert company because we started the free-standing insert business 30 years ago. We now do customer relationship management and database marketing programs. In fact, we are currently doing programs off the frequent shopper data that you get from the grocery stores. We also do direct mail advertising, direct-to-door advertising and newspaper advertising....All of our products build awareness and image but they also call the consumer to action and that’s the unique attribute of the products and services we offer.”
CNBC broadcast transcript “Power Lunch”April 4, 2001
retirement of outstanding 9.55% bonds, lowering our overall cost of debt to approximately 5%. In 2002, we anticipate continued reduction of net debt. We expect to have the flexibility to accelerate share repurchase, if we so choose.
Allocating $15 million toward capital expenditures allowed us to add a highly efficient printing press in 2001. Another printing press is planned for 2002. Among our priorities is maintaining our competitive advantage by equipping our facilities with the latest technology and remaining the low-cost producer for all of our product lines.
Tomorrow... A Bright Future
As we have built our mass- and cluster-targeted products, they have provided us with the profitability and wherewithal to innovate, invest in and build our technology-based product portfolio. With the capability of reaching 59 million consumers nearly every week through FSIs and a grocery frequent shopper database of 38 million
households, the possibilities are limitless. As the database is further developed and the data becomes richer over time, the potential for growth and new applications increases dramatically. This broad reach and valuable data afford us the ability to attract additional and diversified customers. Our clients have a high regard for us, believe in our integrity and know we deliver on our promises. We strive to maintain that trust and further build on these great relationships.
We offer our clients three customer relationship marketing (CRM) platforms. The first is PreVision Marketing, specializing in developing turnkey integrated customer marketing and multi-channel communication programs for a large and loyal client base. Second is Valassis Relationship Marketing Systems (VRMS), offering solutions for grocery retailers and consumer packaged goods manufacturers. We expect VRMS, a joint venture with VNU Marketing, a leading international media and information group, to double sales in 2002; and we anticipate breaking even in 2003.
Our third CRM platform is customized direct mail, meeting the targeted needs of a broad base of clients from diverse industries such as automotive, franchise retailers, telecommunications and packaged goods.
Additionally, we have invested in on-line media planning, quoting and purchasing tools utilizing the industry’s largest and most efficient newspaper database to better meet the emerging needs of our clients. We believe the trend to more closely integrate traditional advertising techniques with non-traditional media tools, such as those offered by Valassis, will continue. Our product lines offer dynamic ways to help our growing client base deliver their advertising and sales promotion messages and build relationships with consumers.
The entrepreneurial spirit, in which the company was founded three decades ago, is still alive today. We look forward to 2002 as a year with continued strong cash flow and EPS growth fueled, in
part, by increasing revenues from all of our one-to-one products. With the money we are making today, we are investing in tomorrow.
Alan F. Schultz
Chairman, President and CEO
  9 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 10
