          AlAn f. schulTz
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  To our Shareholders
Effective leadership is often determined by the principles a leader follows that guide the direction and
1. Build shareholder value; 2. Think ahead; 3. Develop a plan; 4. Innovate; 5. Listen to your customers;
success of an organization. My guiding business principles are as follows:
6. Focus on employees.
and
and how they will guide our future.
Shareholder Value: First and Foremost
As we ended 2005, we are well positioned from a financial perspective. We finished the year with $136.4 million in cash and auction-rate securities on the balance sheet and a debt position, net of cash and auction-rate securities, of $137.8 million. Our strong free cash flow enables us to maintain a strong balance sheet, fund growth initiatives and drive future value for our shareholders through acquisitions, investments and share repurchase, as appropriate.
In 2005, we demonstrated our commitment to providing shareholder value by increasing our share repurchase activity to nearly 4.6 million shares. In addition, as of year-end, we have over 6.2 million of remaining shares under our current share repurchase authorizations. Our current financial position provides us with the future flexibility desired in today’s business environment.
During the fourth quarter of 2005, we implemented a restructuring plan across all divisions of our company, resulting in a restructuring charge of $4.5 million, net of tax. The plan included staff reductions, cuts in discretionary spending and the elimination of PreVision Marketing as a stand-alone entity. I feel this repositioning of the business will result in greater efficiencies and improved operations, as well as lower costs of doing business.
Valassis realized revenue growth in every segment of the company in 2005. This was achieved in an environment where our core product, the co-op free-standing insert (FSI), has faced increased competitive pricing, affecting profitability.
Here is how these principles translated to our performance in 2005
Think Ahead:
identiFy trends
Several years ago, I spoke of the macro trends affecting our industry and the importance of being in a position to take advantage of them. Broadcasters experienced audience fragmentation and marketers sought more targeted media. Valassis moved from being solely a mass-media provider to the only company that can provide an integrated marketing campaign utilizing market-, neighborhood- and household-level targeting. Overall, our customers are looking for more targeted solutions with an ability to measure their results.
We have responded to consumers as they have become more evasive and seek to satisfy their desire to opt in to non-intrusive media and messages providing financial and informational value. Our invited media product portfolio is one that is welcomed into the home. Consumer control continues to increase. In the future, we will develop products and services to meet this trend
and others that are on the horizon.
 
     Develop a Plan:
CommuniCate it to emPloyees
We look at macro trends as a way of thinking ahead. We also incorporate them into our business strategies, which we share with our employees by providing business updates on an on-going basis. In 2005, we saw many of these strategies start to pay dividends. Our efforts to diversify our product portfolio and expand our customer base enabled Valassis to deliver record annual revenues in 2005 of $1.131 billion. We achieved 8.3% revenue growth over 2004, a year in which revenue grew almost 14%. Our strategies include:
• Expanding our product portfolio:
Valassis began as a one-product company, serving a single industry.
By 2001 our product portfolio grew
to 10 and today includes 17 products and services. Our New Business Development team is also focused on exploring new opportunities to expand our product portfolio. They have developed a pipeline of new ideas and are focused on future growth.
• Broadening our customer base:
While in 2001, 58% of our revenue came from the consumer packaged goods (CPG) customer vertical, today 43% of our revenue is from the CPG industry. We have had phenomenal success in the Retail and Services area; revenue from this customer vertical has quadrupled over the last four years. In 2005 alone, revenue from this customer sector increased 35% from 2004, an already high-growth year in Retail and Services. We also added a New Account Development team, charged with pursuing high-potential customers.
• Growing and evolving our customers:
To better illustrate our growth in a number of customer sectors, I would like to share with you the progress
we have made over the last four years. Revenue from telecommunications, for example, has grown tremendously from $22 million in 2001 to over $160 million in 2005. The specialty retail sector has nearly doubled from $85 million in 2001 to $166 million in 2005. Growth in the financial services sector is evident: $4 million in 2001 compared to $30 million in 2005. The progress has been amazing.
• Containing our costs: In 2005, we were able to control our costs despite the rising cost of paper. We delivered both cost and operational improvements. By continuously examining our cost structure, we look for ways to further enhance our low-cost producer status.
Customer-focused:
work together
Our sales organization has embarked
on a journey embracing a consultative sales approach and building stronger relationships with our customers. By understanding our customers’ marketing objectives and needs, we can tailor solutions to help them reach their goals, drive sales, build brand loyalty and attract new consumers. We also have introduced a sales process to grow and evolve our existing customers. Our consultative selling approach has resulted in members of our sales team taking part in 225 high-level planning meetings with our customers this past year alone.
emPloyees drive exeCution
carried on to our shareholders, customers, suppliers and everyone with whom we do business.
number of customer high-LeveL pLanning meetings
 100
the future
225
   50
INDUSTRYWEEK
mAGAZiNe recoGNiZes vAlAssis As oNe
of THe “50 besT mANufAcTuriNG comPANies”
forTuNe mAGAZiNe NAmes vAlAssis
As oNe of “THe 100 besT comPANies To Work for” for NiNe coNsecuTive yeArs
69 3 10
 Valassis:
2002 2003
percentage of customers buying more than one product
  • Collaborating to make integrated solutions and team selling a reality: In 2005, we created, sold and delivered 118 integrated solutions; many to repeat customers. An integrated solution uses three or more of our products and services in a single advertising campaign. We expect this trend to continue and have set a goal of executing more than 150 integrated solutions in 2006. In 2005, 52% of our customers bought two or more of our products and we know that the more products they buy, the greater our customer retention.
: a Part of everything we do
52%
2004 2005
 Innovation
Looking forward to 2006 and beyond, we plan to continue the strategies that have been driving our success. We plan to grow and diversify our products and services portfolio and expand our customer base. We will strive for continuous improvement in our business processes, including cost reductions. We intend to leverage our information technology infrastructure
to achieve additional efficiencies, while strategically embedding technology into our product offerings. We will continue to expand in Europe with our eyes on other parts of the world.
Our guiding principles will lead the way as we remain focused on the long-term value we offer shareholders, customers, suppliers, employees and consumers.
Alan F. Schultz
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
   Valassis was founded on a committment
to innovation over 35 years ago. It was
the idea of a cooperative insert to reach the masses that offered both cost savings to customers and value to consumers that launched, not only this company, but an industry. Today, our product portfolio ranges from the FSI to much more targeted products based not only on geography
or demographics but consumer purchase behavior and analytics. We continue to make important strides globally and will be doing some meaningful tests as well as launching new European media properties in 2006.
Number of
integrated
solutions
sold iN 2005
Today, Valassis does business with 91 of the 100 leading U.S. advertisers compared to 60 five years ago. We also do business with 87 of the top 100 global advertisers.
47% 38%
     Employee-focused:
24%
2002
2003 2004 2005
 We continuously train and develop our employees who execute our strategies
and drive results. We have aligned reward programs to further motivate employee achievement and create shareholder
value. In addition, communicating to employees is the secret to our success.
For nine consecutive years, Valassis has been recognized by FORTUNE magazine as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For.” We are proud to be included on that prestigious list and the passion our employees bring to the workplace is
   118
           2 • Shareholder Letter
Shareholder Letter • 3
