                 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
the creation of the nation’s leading marketing services company
 During 2006, Valassis took measures to further diversify the business and to focus more attentively on the consumer.
We experienced a 7.7 percent decrease in revenue in 2006 from 2005, however, we did exceed our most recent guidance of $1.60 earnings per share before one-time charges and ADVO acquisition costs. While fiscal 2006 was an off year, we remain optimistic about our long-term prospects. Throughout my 22 years with Valassis, I have found that down years have often preceded some of the most robust years in the company’s rich history. I am looking forward to leading Valassis to new heights in this era of change.
We undertook an enormously important transaction in 2006:
the acquisition of ADVO, Inc., the nation’s leading direct mail media company. This deal makes Valassis the leading marketing services company. The combined company offers customers unique, diverse and complete media plans for their value-oriented advertising content. Superior customer solutions will allow us to build market share in the product and customer segments we compete in and serve.
Our acquisition of ADVO further advances a key growth strategy put into effect eight years ago. The acquisition is a logical extension of this strategy and accelerates our ongoing product and customer diversification efforts. Today, with the combined company, no single customer category comprises more than
20 percent of our company’s revenue, and no single customer accounts for more than 5 percent of revenue.
Valassis and ADVO have complementary products, services, capabilities and customers. We are excited to add shared
mail to our portfolio in 2007 and believe this highly efficient, expansive product portfolio allows us to craft customer solutions which clearly demonstrate our competitive advantage. We are unmatched in our ability to optimize media plans for customers and deliver measurable results.
This acquisition also will strengthen our free-standing insert
(FSI) position in an industry that continues to be price competitive.
In addition to our newspaper distribution network, we can
now provide our customers an alternate proprietary distribution method. Distributing the co-op FSI through ADVO’s established ShopWise® program provides value to the shared mail package. The combination of the two products is a win for consumers, retailers and consumer packaged goods (CPG) manufacturers.
Together, we serve more than 15,000 advertisers worldwide, including 96 of the top 100 U.S. advertisers and 77 of the top
100 global advertisers. Our diverse customers include leading consumer packaged goods manufacturers, grocery, mass and
drug retailers, quick serve restaurants, specialty retailers, direct marketers and the financial services, automotive, entertainment and telecommunication industries. We provide our customers
with integrated solutions, beginning with the initial planning stages where our sales team establishes itself as both consultants and confidants. In 2006, we sold 182 integrated solutions to 75 customers. Integrated solutions at Valassis incorporate three or more of our products and services in a single campaign.
Valassis now has an extensive media reach of:
• 79 million households weekly with shared mail distribution;
up to 114 million households monthly;
• Over 60 million households in approximately 800 newspapers; • Approximately 50 million households with sampling capabilities
via direct-to-door and newspapers; and
• Approximately 50 million consumers in frequent
shopper databases.
Five years from now, I feel certain we will look back at this acquisition as the best move in the company’s history. For now, of course, we are focused on integration efforts, which, we realize, will take time. We are confident this transition will progress smoothly.
While the acquisition of ADVO certainly was the biggest event
of the year, it’s only one example of how we are reshaping and reinvigorating our growth strategy. For the near term, we will focus on maximizing free cash flow and debt reduction. We intend to utilize a substantial portion of our near-term free cash flow to repay
       10.7% 5.6%
30.2%
2006 Share of revenue 3% 1% by Segment
PerCentage of revenue
by CuStomer vertICaL In 2006
Consumer packaged goods manufacturers Telecommunications
Specialty retailers
Food service
Direct response marketers
Consumer services
Grocery, drug and mass retailers Other types of customers
      42.3%
Free-standing Insert 9% Run of Press 7% Neighborhood Targeted
Household Targeted 11% International & Services
13%
42%
         11.2%
14%

              Valassis associates and consumers – Asia and her mother, Tiffany Hall, Divisional Sales Representative; Alan F. Schultz, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Bonnie Mullin, Operator/Receptionist; Nicholas and his father, Todd Yaquinto, Regional Sales Manager; and Terri O’Rourke, Human Resources Benefits Specialist. Special thanks to Busch’s, Livonia, Michigan.
debt and delever our balance sheet. Capital expenditure requirements for our business have historically been modest and we have been able to benefit from minimal working capital requirements.
We have several initiatives under way, both on the revenue and cost sides of our business, which address our profit-enhancement strategy. We are pursuing ways to grow FSI pages by creating demand to
drive incremental volume. We continue to lower our distribution costs, reduce our capital spending and leverage our centralized purchasing function to assure our low-cost-producer status in all of our businesses – a definite advantage in today’s marketplace. The scale of the combined company gives added confidence here. Valassis is a leading buyer of newspaper media and paper, and ADVO is one of the largest customers of the U.S. Postal Service.
During a period of unprecedented change for our associates, they have demonstrated an extraordinary commitment, and the Valassis team today is stronger than ever before. We are staunchly committed to our associates and to the culture and traditions that have made Valassis a great place to work.
Stock Performance graph
This performance graph shows our annual cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock for the five full years ending December 31, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006 respectively, based on an assumed investment of $100. The graph compares our performance with that of the Standard & Poor’s S&P 500 Stock Index and a peer group consisting of ADVO Inc., Catalina Marketing Corp., R.R. Donnelley & Sons and Interpublic Group of Companies.
This culture was largely responsible for the recognition of Valassis by FORTUNE magazine as one of the
“100 Best Companies to Work For” from 1998 through 2006. Based on an eligibility requirement affecting companies going through mergers, however, Valassis had to withdraw from the competition this year. As
we integrate Valassis and ADVO, we are committed to maintaining our heritage as a best-in-class organization, and our transition team is working to provide for seamless integration and adoption of the best each company has to offer.
While we will focus on a successful integration, we
also are committed to three important growth initiatives: interactive, international and in-store. We intend to restrict new business development to these three areas.
Our industry is changing, and the consumer is driving that change as they tell us how, when and where
they want to receive their value-oriented content. With our focus on the consumer, we have launched both interactive and in-store initiatives as an integral part of our growth plan. We have in place a dedicated team focused on our in-store initiative and will build on ADVO’s strong retailer relationships as we develop our
Comparison of Cumulative five year total return (Dividends reinvested)
in-store distribution network. We are now able to touch retail in a whole new way by partnering with leading companies like Insignia and Hobart whose innovative in-store offerings create a best-of-breed portfolio of complementary solutions.
Likewise, we have put a team in place to develop and implement an interactive strategy consistent with our Mission, introduced in 2006, to deliver value to consumers – how, when and where they want.
A consumer-facing Web portal to deliver customized content and offer value is in the development stage.
We continue to launch and gain traction with new media products in five European countries – France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom. In 2006, we introduced two products – CinemaxX & More in Germany, distributed at movie theaters at the point
of ticket purchase, and Buon per Te, a cooperative polybag distributed to households in Italy. Additionally, in 2006 we became a minority investor in a China-based company, SweetMart Development, Ltd., which targets coupons to consumers in China at the point of sale and manages coupon redemptions electronically.
We have embraced the spirit and strategies of organizational change, as we work to adapt to shifting market dynamics. While change in the short-term is not always easy, we are confident that we will reap benefits in the long run while maximizing free cash flow and reducing debt over the near term. We are a bigger and better company as a result of the ADVO acquisition. We are clearly focused on successfully executing our Mission and key business strategies.
I have always believed in this company and its potential. I remain unwavered in my belief in our people, products and passion for the business. Valassis has a great deal to offer. I share our stakeholders’ belief in the long-term value of our company. This company’s best years are ahead. With a keen eye on the future, Valassis is truly on a mission of continued success.
Alan F. Schultz
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
           Valassis Communications Inc.   S&P 500 Index
Peer Group
base Period
yearS enDIng
                   2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
                valassis
100
82.62
82.40
98.29
81.61
40.71
           S&P 500 Index
100
77.90
100.25
111.15
116.61
135.03
          Peer group
100
55.85
67.97
70.61
61.73
70.38
        (December fiscal year basis)
This stock price performance graph shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference by any general statement into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such Acts.
  To our Shareholders | 2
To our Shareholders | 3
        