                 VALUE seek value. It is simply harder to get I am incredibly proud of our team
Moving Forward With Momentum and
“The ultimate measure of a man is not
where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times
of challenge and controversy,” said Martin Luther King, Jr. I believe this is true of both individuals and of companies. In last year’s annual shareholder letter, I predicted Valassis would emerge from the challenges of 2009 a stronger, more competitive company.
And, we did.
Surge in Value
It all starts with the consumer – it always has and always will. Consumer behavior, where people are willing to spend their time and money, ultimately determines the success
of most any business. Whether you believe economic recovery has begun or will remain elusive, the crisis has been long enough, and deep enough, to permanently change consumer behavior and beliefs. This experience has forever changed how we spend, save and
consumers to part with their money. Companies are scrambling to position their brands and advertising messages toward “value.” Valassis has always been about delivering value. Our RedPlumTM product portfolio is designed to help clients deliver savings to consumers. Today, the momentum of the consumer’s love affair with value is powering our portfolio. Though the recession has eased, consumers remain entrenched in deal-seeking behavior.1 Personal savings rates are up, 2 credit card use is down, 3 and more consumers describe themselves as someone who prefers to “save money” rather than “spend money.”4 Anecdotally, our redemption
and analytics subsidiary, NCH Marketing Services, Inc., reported total coupon redemptions were up 23% for 2009.
and believe we delivered the best performance in our company’s history.
Through our “2009 Profit Maximization Plan” we fundamentally changed the cost structure of our business and renewed our commitment to a low-cost producer advantage. As a result, we significantly improved the operating leverage of our business. From a revenue perspective, we outperformed most other media companies, many who reported double-digit declines in 2009. Our successful cross-selling efforts drove a 24% increase in newspaper inserts revenue in 2009 compared to 2008. We increased our market share of total ad spending and expect
to see continued migration toward shared mail
2009 Results
This past year, Valassis faced the same economic and competitive challenges as the rest of the country, yet we grew adjusted EBITDA5 by $45.9 million.
 
              distribution. Newspapers remain an important part of our distribution platform, yet clients
still need to reach the increasing number of households who no longer read the newspaper. Shared Mail is the solution. Our Shared Mail business segment had its most profitable year
in its history, driven by our ability to integrate both newspaper and shared mail distribution into single optimized buys, and our improved cost structure. The changes we have made to the cost structure of Shared Mail are sustainable, so even modest revenue increases will ow through significantly to the bottom line. Overall, our results have enabled us to reduce total debt by $191.5 million in 2009, positioning us well to invest in our future. Delivering blended media solutions, using both newspaper and shared mail distribution, is our most significant competitive advantage today. And our distribution platform is expanding.
Digital Innovation
Technology and innovation are expanding the distribution channels for value. Consumers are increasingly evasive, and the power of our large, diverse distribution platform is well aligned with changing consumer media trends. Our commitment to deliver value to consumers – how, when and where they want – now includes connecting consumers with value online and in the store. We are excited about our plans
and progress in the digital arena. Consumer awareness of redplum.com is growing, and our RedPlum Network has grown to include nearly 1,000 partners, delivering value through the sites consumers already visit regularly. Our innovative “coupon to card” program combines retailer loyalty programs with online values, empowering consumers to elect digital coupons with frequent shopper cards or other unique ID-based accounts. Even more significant is our ability to integrate of ine and online media to deliver single, optimized media buys. Today, the world of digital and interactive coupons is very fragmented and often viewed by marketers as separate and specialized. As online marketing becomes more mainstream and marketers increasingly expect their online efforts to be integrated with their
of ine media plans, we believe that Valassis is at a unique vantage point to win.
Power of Valassis
Valassis is the No. 1 supplier of value to a large and diversified client base. And, consumers look to our RedPlum brand as their No. 1 source of value. The combination is the power of Valassis. In the mailbox, in the newspaper, in-store and online, our products bring value to consumers. Our experienced and passionate team of employees has built a culture of unity, accountability and discipline, the type of culture needed to deliver results in today’s environment. This year, more than at any time in my 25-year career with Valassis, I have witnessed an unprecedented
fight in the hearts of our employees, a passion to deliver value to consumers, clients and shareholders. 2009 has been an extraordinary year, but I believe the best is yet to come. Marketing budgets are poised to grow, with actual spending dependent on the economy and consumer confidence. But either way, in times of great prosperity or in times of great economic challenge, Valassis is well positioned to win.
We will ride the consumer surge toward value, leverage declining newspaper circulation into opportunity for Shared Mail at a higher profit margin, and continue to build our in-store and digital businesses to drive future growth. As clients look to follow changing consumer trends and harness the technology of new distribution methods, they will look to Valassis – just as they always have.
Alan F. Schultz
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
International, Digital Media & Services 7.1%
   Telecommunications 6.3%
Sources:
1 Information Resources, Inc., January 2010
2 Reuters.com, February 1, 2010
3 USA Today, February 8, 2010
4 U.S. Gallup Poll, April 27, 2009
5 See footnote b in the section entitled “2009 Financials at a Glance”
Satellite 3.0%
Financial 3.1% Discount Stores 4.8%
Direct Marketers 5.4%
Other 2.7%
Grocery & Drug 19.1%
Consumer Packaged Goods 17.4%
Specialty Retail 14.6%
2009 Share of Revenue by Segment
2009 Percentage of Revenue by Client Vertical
Consumer Services 9.9%
Restaurants 13.7%
Free-standing Insert 16.1%
Neighborhood Targeted 19.8%
Shared Mail 57.0%
   