   To Our Shareholders
AS I LOOK BACK ON 2003, IT WAS A YEAR THAT BROUGHT US CLOSER TO OUR VISION OF BEING AN INNOVATIVE AND INTEGRATED MARKETING SOLUTIONS COMPANY. I AM PLEASED WITH OUR ACCOMPLISHMENTS AND THE STRENGTH OF VALASSIS, ENDING THE YEAR WITH THE STRONGEST BALANCE SHEET IN THE COMPANY’S 33-YEAR HISTORY. Our customer base is more diversified than ever, ranging from top consumer packaged goods manufacturers to leaders in telecommunications,
multi-product solutions in 20 different campaigns to reach their target audiences and improve their return. Integrated solutions are essential to our Vision and we remain committed to expand our product portfolio, grow our existing customers and broaden our customer base.
Our acquisition of NCH Marketing Services, Inc. in February of 2003 provided us with a platform to expand our geographic reach. Today, in addition to
the United States, Canada and Mexico, we now have operations in France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom. We will test new media products in Europe in 2004. I am excited about the prospects for expansion as we pursue unique strategies in each country.
Our employee base more than doubled with the acquisition of NCH. We now have more than 4,000 employees around the world; more than half of them live outside the United
States. I am proud of the caliber of our employees. They are key to Valassis being named to FORTUNE magazine’s list of the “100 Best Places to Work For” for the seventh consecutive year. This positive energy in the workplace translates into a productive work environment and strong customer focus.
2003 was a year of revenue growth despite an intense competitive pricing environment in the
technology and specialty retail. our position as a leader in the marketing services industry, signing exclusive direct-mail contracts with two of the nation’s largest grocery retailers, Kroger and Safeway.
In 2003, we reaffirmed
    Our expansive product portfolio offers customers a
wide range of solutions to customize their promotions. Marketers can reach their
targeted audiences and achieve
a higher return on their promotional spend. Valassis
is the only company that can integrate promotions targeted
at the market, neighborhood
This is a unique position of strength.
Throughout the year we focused on providing our customers with integrated solutions, incorporating three or more of our products and services in a single campaign. This innovative way of doing business distinguishes us among our competitors. In 2003, 18 customers used these synergistic,
and household levels.
 4

 traditional co-op free-standing insert industry. We are successfully executing our market share recovery plan and expect to bring market share back to the 50% level by 2005. Our balance sheet is strong, and the year-end cash balance of $207 million provides us with excellent options and flexibility for the future. We expect to generate an additional $82-$92 million in free cash flow in 2004. Our Board of Directors has authorized us to allocate up to 75% of our free cash flow toward share repurchase and we will carefully evaluate all of the options available with our shareholders’ interests driving our decisions. Our business is inherently strong and we are well positioned for long-term growth.
In 2004, favorable macro industry and economic trends, combined with our commitment to our customers, will continue to help drive revenue growth. Valassis home-delivered media is welcomed at a time when marketers are struggling to reach consumers. Traditional vehicles like TV are increasingly fragmented and the availability of commercial-blocking technology allows consumers to eliminate advertisements. Consumer demand for the National Do Not Call Registry and “Do Not Fax” list, compounded with anti-spam legislation, even further validates that consumers are becoming more difficult to reach. More than 55 million numbers have been registered on the Do Not Call Registry alone. An estimated $6 billion in advertising spent on telemarketing will move to other forms of promotional media. We believe our product portfolio is well positioned to benefit from these changes.
Economic growth should result in increased marketing budgets and more customer new product
introductions to promote. Marketers continue to want to calculate a return on their marketing spending and our products perform exceptionally well in this regard. Also, as private label products increase their power, branded products enhance coupon use to decrease the price gap for price-sensitive consumers.
As these trends increase the dollars allocated to home-delivered promotional media, Valassis’ product portfolio is already welcomed into the home. We also continue to invest in our business, enhancing the use of analytics and technology, developing new offerings and improving manufacturing efficiencies to strengthen the low-cost producer status our customers have come to know from Valassis.
20 Valassis INTEGRATED SOLUTIONS WERE sold IN 2003.
We accomplished much in 2003. I am even more excited about what 2004 will bring as we leverage the synergies of our businesses and expand our products and services internationally. The future will be a positive one as we continue to execute our long-term growth strategy.
Alan F. Schultz
Chairman, President and CEO
5
