                              We have been doing it since George Valassis founded our company more than forty years ago, pioneering a new industry to deliver savings to consumers on behalf of advertisers looking for an exceptional return on investment. What an incredible journey it has been. Our mission is more powerful than ever. Today our RedPlum® Media Portfolio delivers this sought after value – in the mail, in your newspaper, in your store, and increasingly, online.
  2011 Results and Highlights
2011 was defined by the strong performances of our Shared Mail and NCH coupon clearing and analytics businesses, as well as growing momentum in digital.
Full-year 2011 adjusted net earnings per common share, dilutedb increased 44.2% and our fourth-quarter adjusted EBITDAb of $91.3 million is a single-quarter record for Valassis®.
Shared Mail revenue grew 3.3% in 2011 over 2010, while segment profit was up 22.4% due to the strong operating leverage of this business. Since acquiring the Shared Mail business in 2007, it has proven to be both a profitable and strategic addition to our company. While newspaper-distributed promotions remain an integral part of our clients’ media plans, Shared Mail has addressed the secular decline in newspaper circulation. We anticipate Shared Mail, along with our innovation initiatives, will continue to be a major driver of growth in the future.
During the recent recession, there was a dramatic shift in consumer behavior toward savings. This value-seeking behavior has now become a way of life for an increasing number of consumers. According to NCH, consumers redeemed and
saved $4.6 billion with consumer packaged goods coupons in 2011 – $500 million more than they did in 2010.
The upside of this strength in coupon redemption was
another exceptional performance by our NCH coupon clearing and analytics business. Revenue for NCH was up 9.1% in 2011 over 2010 with segment profit contribution up over 25%.
We acquired NCH in 2003 and it has been another profitable, strategic addition to our company. The downside of steep growth in coupon redemption was the pull back in consumer packaged goods media spending in the second half of the year. That impacted both our FSI and In-store businesses.
Our investment in innovation has been guided by consumer trends and the increasing use of online media. We are very pleased with the momentum in our Digital business in 2011 where we achieved a significant 59% year-over-year revenue growth. We have recruited and built an incredibly talented Digital team, and we are confident we have the right plan and people in place to gain a greater share of the growing advertising budgets in the dynamic digital space. Going forward, we expect Digital to become an increasingly important contributor to both revenue and profit.

              Al Schultz, Chairman, and Rob Mason, President and CEO
We are also pleased that pricing improvement was an overall contributor to revenue and profit in 2011. This was a true organization-wide accomplishment and reflects the increased value, performance and return on investment our products provide clients.
2011 was also a year in which we made significant improvement in our capital structure. We refinanced substantially all of our outstanding debt, reducing annual interest expense from $65 million in 2010 to an estimated $30 million in 2012. Our low-cost, long-tenured capital structure provides us with increased flexibility to use our free cash flow to drive shareholder value and invest
in our future growth. While we have no material debt repayment due until 2017, we reduced our total debt by over $100 million in 2011, ending the year with a net leverage ratio of 1.6x.
While we have significant experience investing in innovation, organic start-ups and acquisitions, in 2011 it became apparent that one of our best investments of free cash flow was to buy back shares. We repurchased 8.9 million of our shares in 2011, representing 17% of our beginning-of-the-year, fully diluted share base, for $215 million.
Consumer Driven and Focused on the Future
The value-seeking lifestyle is the “new normal” and advertisers are challenged to deliver this value with a high degree of relevance within a fragmented and changing media landscape. The traditional path to purchase was linear and brought the consumer from awareness to purchase one step at a time.
It doesn’t work like that anymore. Consumers now have multiple media touch points throughout the process and are always connected in real time. Our clients need solutions to reach
the right consumers throughout the process of that purchase decision. That’s where Valassis has a unique advantage.
We can deliver targeted, print and digital solutions to engage consumers throughout the path to purchase.
While digital will continue to grow in importance, we believe print is here to stay as clients increasingly seek to blend the scale of traditional with new media. We look to our core businesses to fuel our investment in the future while our digital platform continues to develop. Today we offer online display advertising, targeted acquisition email and an expanding digital offer network where consumers can print coupons securely from online sites or download offers directly to their frequent shopper cards or other unique identifier.
We are experts at what we do, combining unparalleled targeting expertise with a deep understanding of consumers and our clients’ businesses. Valassis offers blended solutions of targeted print and digital media to engage consumers and drive results for our clients.
Together, as Chairman and CEO, we are excited to begin a new chapter in our company’s history. Our product portfolio is more relevant than ever, and our award-winning culture brings together the best and brightest in 28 states and eight countries. In fact, we were recognized with 23 awards in 2011 from institutions such as Working Mother magazine, Advertising Age, InformationWeek and more, celebrating diversity and inclusion, innovation and our culture. We are confident we have the right strategies, and most importantly, the right people to drive our business into the future. Our team of 7,000 associates is energized and passionate about continuing to be the number one source of value to consumers and number one provider
of value to our clients. That’s the cornerstone of our mission; one that we expect will continue to deliver unprecedented value to our shareholders.
    Al Schultz Chairman
Rob Mason President and CEO
     See footnote b in the section entitled “2011 Financials at a Glance”
      