2006 HIgHLIgHTS
Growth in revenues and earnings per
share from continuing operations of 10% and 12%, respectively.
A 90% increase in our quarterly cash dividend to an annual rate of $2.20 per share.
A 48% increase in VF’s stock price.
 BUSINESS mIx
      ‘04 ‘05 ‘06
 PERCENT OF TOTAL REVENUES
 Heritage Coalitions Lifestyle Coalitions
  Dear ShareholDerS,
  I am pleased to report that 2006
marked another year of record financial performance, great progress in our efforts to transform VF and excellent returns
for our shareholders. We enter 2007 looking forward to a fifth consecutive year of record revenues and earnings, bolstered by a newly rebalanced business portfolio designed to drive strong growth and profitability.
We began 2007 with a historic announce- ment — the planned sale of our global Intimates business. This important step is part of our ongoing transformation toward becoming a higher-growth, higher-margin lifestyle brand company. Contributing revenues of over $800 million and operating income of approximately $50 million in 2006, Intimates has played an important and positive role in our success over our 100-plus-year history. However, the
time has come to rebalance our portfolio strategically and focus our energies and resources on the many growth opportunities within our Jeanswear, Outdoor, Imagewear and Sportswear businesses instead. The main implications of this sale are threefold.
The first relates to our business mix. When we launched our Growth Plan
in 2004, over 70 percent of our revenues came from our heritage businesses — Jeanswear, Imagewear and Intimates — and nearly 30 percent came from our lifestyle segments — Outdoor and Sports- wear. The Plan established a target of
60 percent of revenues from our lifestyle businesses. As a result of the sale of our Intimates business, and the continued
    VF CORPORATION SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 2006 55
27
73 68
32
59
41

 strong growth in Outdoor, our lifestyle businesses now account for over
40 percent of our total revenues.
Second, the sale enhances our prospects for organic growth. While we will continue to pursue acquisitions aggressively, we expect that the majority of our growth will come from tapping opportunities in our existing businesses. This reinforces our confidence that we can sustain
8 percent annual growth in revenues.
Third, the sale lifts VF’s overall margins. Operating margins benefit by nearly a full percentage point, and we expect to approach our operating margin goal of 14 percent in 2007.
The progress we have made on our Growth Plan to date is immensely gratifying and is in keeping with our vision statement to grow by building leading lifestyle brands that excite consumers around the world. Toward this goal, we are guided by six Growth Drivers that serve to direct our transformation initiatives. In 2006, we made consider- able progress in each of the Growth Drivers outlined here.
Build More Growing, Global Lifestyle Brands
Over the years we have enhanced our portfolio with the addition of such dynamic lifestyle brands as The
North Face ®, Nautica ®, Vans ®, Reef ®, Kipling® and Napapijri.® In nearly every instance, the performance of these brands is surpassing our expectations and brightening our prospects for
future growth. Most recently, we completed two additional acquisitions: Majestic Athletic and Eagle Creek, Inc. Majestic is the leading global provider of authentic licensed sports apparel and branded team uniforms for Major League Baseball. Eagle Creek® is the nation’s leading adventure travel brand. Combined, these new businesses are expected to contribute approximately $200 million to our annual revenues.
Acquisitions are only a part of the VF story. We also have significantly stepped up the investments behind many of our brands in both our heritage and lifestyle businesses to keep them healthy and growing. Looking forward, our success in building lifestyle brands will come from continuing these investments and from additional acquisitions.
Expand Our Share with Winning Customers
The success of VF and that of our retail partners are closely entwined. Hence, gaining share with increasingly large and powerful retailers requires a strategy that aligns our company’s strengths and resources precisely with theirs. To accomplish this, we have built Customer Teams committed to improving our ability to better identify and execute opportunities for mutual growth across our brands and coalitions.
Stretch Our Brands to New Geographies
In 2006, international revenues reached 26 percent of our total revenues, up from 19 percent just five years ago. Most of this growth has been fueled by our Outdoor
 gROSS mARgiN iNCREASE (PERCENT OF REVENUES)
43%
2006
38% 2003
coalition, through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. We aim to continue to grow our interna- tional base, targeting 30 percent of total revenues over the next three to five years. To help achieve this, in 2006 we entered into a majority-owned joint venture
to market our brands in India, one of
the fastest-growing and most dynamic economies in the world. The joint ven- ture builds on our successful licensing relationship with India-based Arvind Mills, Ltd., and is intended to drive
the expansion of our Lee ®, Wrangler ®, Nautica ®, JanSport ® and Kipling ® brands throughout India. Other international markets are showing good momentum as well. Notably, our revenues in China and Russia are growing at double-digit rates.
Expand Our Direct-to-Consumer Business
Our focus on lifestyle brands has opened up a new avenue for growth for VF via owned retail stores. The strength of
such brands as Vans ®, Nautica ®, The North Face ®, Wrangler ®, Lee ®, Kipling ® and Napapijri ® lends itself naturally to
freestanding retail stores, where the brands’ complete array of products can be displayed to full advantage. In 2005, we had a total of 495 retail stores; in 2006, we ended the year with 538 stores. We plan to continue the pace of retail expansion, adding roughly 75 to 100 stores annually across our brands. As
we continue our search for acquisitions, we will be looking for brands that have — or have the potential for — owned retail store development.
Fuel the Growth
With so many initiatives under way across our company, it is critical that we leverage the power of our supply chain to maintain strong profitability. When we launched our Growth Plan, we established a cost reduction goal of $100 million, with savings targeted in such areas as procurement, distribution, inventory management and technology systems. To date, we have realized approximately half of those savings. The progress of this effort can be seen in the continuing improvements in our gross margins, which have risen from 38 percent in 2003 to 43 percent in 2006.
Build New Growth Enablers
Our plans for growth are ambitious, requiring the addition of new capabilities and talent across our company. Developing future leaders is paramount to maintaining our momentum. Toward that end, we have initiated programs within VF to give our employees the skills and tools they will need to succeed.
   VF CORPORATiON SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 2006
57
 
 We also have added talented new leaders in such areas as strategy, acquisitions, customer teams, human resources, technology and e-commerce.
On every front, VF is committed to innovation leadership. This year’s annual report provides A-to-Z highlights of initiatives designed to extend the global reach and reputation of our brands, improve the efficiency of our operations and act responsibly as corporate citizens.
Over the years, I have often been asked to explain what differentiates VF
from our competitors. After all, many companies within our industry talk about their focus on building global lifestyle brands. The difference, I believe, is that VF possesses the unique ability to bring both art and science to the apparel business. The skill to design and market beautiful, innovative products of the highest quality — the “art” of apparel — is essential to the success of any apparel company. We think we do this better than most. What truly sets VF apart, however, is the “science” we bring to the table. We have carefully honed exceptional capabilities related to consumer research, inventory manage- ment, flow replenishment, sourcing and technology, all of which help to ensure that we have the right products for our consumers and retail partners, where and when they want them. This balance of art and science provides us with a business model that has led to strong and consistent performance over many decades.
Another secret to our success lies in how we manage our diverse portfolio of brands and businesses. We give our individual brands and companies great autonomy when it comes to such areas as product development, marketing and retail relationships. We acquire companies whose leaders and associates are passionate about their brands, and who live the lifestyles those brands represent. The role of VF, as we see it, is to enable each of our brands to realize its full potential, and to apply the financial and operating disciplines that will ensure that each provides significant returns to our shareholders.
The VF story continues to grow more positive each year. I am proud of the accomplishments of our leaders and associates, whose dedication has made us what we are today: the world’s leading provider of lifestyle brands. I also am deeply indebted to our Board of Directors for their wise guidance and counsel. I am confident that we have the people and resources in place to continue our momentum.
Mackey J. McDonald
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  VF Corporation 2006 FinanCial HigHligHts
               Revenues
(DollaRs in Millions)
opeRating
MaRgin
(peRcent to Revenues)
Debt to capital Ratio (peRcent)
              cash pRoviDeD by opeRations
(DollaRs in Millions)
RetuRn on capital (peRcent)
DiviDenDs peR shaRe (DollaRs)
 ‘04
 ‘05
‘06
 vF coRpoRation SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 2006
59
 1.05 1.10
28.5 22.6
454
6,216
646 534
5,218 5,654
13.4 14.2
12.7 13.6
14.7
13.3
1.94
19.5
