To Our Shareholders:
VF is known for a performance-driven culture and excellence in execution. Over the years, we’ve built and honed highly disciplined financial and operational processes to help us manage risk through both good times and bad.
During 2008, these disciplines served us well again, as we achieved our sixth consecutive year of record revenues and strong earnings amid unprecedented global economic turmoil. Revenues in 2008 rose 6% to $7.6 billion while earnings per share reached $5.42. Earnings included a $.30 per share impact from a $41 million charge taken in the fourth quarter to realign our cost structure and protect our future profitability.
Our financial position is solid. We ended 2008 with $382 million in cash, and we have $1.3 billion of borrowing capacity available under domestic and international lines of credit. Our debt-to-capital ratio was 25% at year-end, and no significant long-term debt payments are due until October 2010. Strong cash flow was a hallmark, with cash flow from operations of $679 million.
In short, the strength of VF’s business model was proven again in 2008. While we do not expect economic conditions to improve in 2009, we are well positioned to manage the challenge—and to emerge from this period stronger than ever.
Protecting Profitability; Investing for Growth
When retail conditions worsened in the fourth quarter of 2008, we moved quickly to reduce costs across the board. The actions we’ve taken will result in annual cost savings of $100 million, starting in 2009. At the same time, we are confident that we have the right brands and strategies for long-term success, and we remain committed to investing prudently for future growth, including investments in our strong brands and in our direct- to-consumer and international businesses.

 VF’s Portfolio of Brands
During 2008, we opened 89 retail stores, increasing our total at year-end to 698. Our retail base is diverse and includes stores operating under the Vans®, Nautica®, lucy®, The North Face®, Kipling®, Napapijri®, 7 For All Mankind®, Lee® and Wrangler® brands. We also bolstered our e-commerce efforts in 2008, launching new websites for our The North Face®, Nautica® and Kipling® brands. Our direct-to-consumer revenues increased 15% in 2008 and now account for 16% of our total revenues, up from 14% last year. We’ll continue to expand our strongest retail concepts in 2009, with about 70 store openings planned this year, as we confidently pursue our goal of generating 22% of our sales from our retail and e-commerce businesses by 2012.
Our international revenues also grew 15% in 2008, fueled by double-digit growth in most of our Outdoor brands. In 2008, international revenues reached 30% of total revenues, up from 28% last year. Despite weak conditions in Europe, we believe our brands have a lot of room to grow. We’re also excited about our potential in China, where we’re experiencing strong growth
in many brands, including Lee®, Wrangler®, The North Face®— and Vans®, which we launched there in 2008.
Our portfolio of brands is in excellent shape, and we’re proud of our track record of acquisitions. In 2008 we acquired one-third of the capital stock of Mo Industries Holdings, Inc., owner of the Splendid® and Ella Moss® women’s contemporary sportswear brands, and we plan to acquire the remaining shares in early 2009. These fast-growing brands will allow us to strengthen our brand and product portfolio in our newest coalition, Contemporary Brands. While we remain interested in additional acquisitions, we are very committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity.
TM
23

A Solid Foundation for Changing Times
We enter 2009 with the expectation that conditions will remain difficult. Consumer confidence is at historic lows, unemployment is rising, and shopping attitudes are changing. While these dynamics are likely to continue, we’re prepared for the challenge.
We’ve made the hard decisions necessary to lower costs. We’re moderating the pace of new store openings to reduce capital spending and focusing on those investments and businesses with the highest payback. Keeping inventories lean and our balance sheet healthy will be paramount this year. We’re planning on another year of strong cash flow, and providing strong shareholder returns through our dividend remains a high priority.
Most importantly, VF is built upon a solid foundation of principles and qualities—showcased in this year’s annual report— that will enable us to expand our competitive advantage during this extraordinary time. The most important of these strengths is the VF team, with whom I have the pleasure to work, and whose passion, talent and creativity make VF’s success possible.
 Eric C. Wiseman
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
4
