A Letter to Our Shareholders
  We made
significant
progress on our
strategic goals
in 2013, while
continuing to
make safety our highest priority.
Fellow Shareholders,
The last couple of years have been excellent for Valero. We thank our customers, suppliers and especially our employees for our success. Nothing happens without the dedicated, safe and focused efforts of our employees.
We reported operating income of nearly $4.0 billion and net income of $2.7 billion, or $4.97 a share, for 2013. Excluding a nontaxable gain and after-tax charges related to the spinoff of Valero’s former retail business, we earned $4.42 per share for the year.
In 2013, compared with 2012, we also more than doubled the amount of cash returned to you, to nearly $1.4 billion in dividends and stock purchases. After an increase in early 2014, we have quadrupled our annualized dividend rate to $1.00 per share since 2011.
Your company’s financial position remains strong. Valero finished 2013 with cash and temporary cash investments of $4.3 billion, additional liquidity of $6.2 billion and a net debt-to-capitalization
ratio of 12 percent. Throughout the economic downturn and recovery, Valero has maintained its investment-grade credit rating. During 2013, we reduced our long-term debt by $480 million, as we paid off maturing debt.
We made significant progress on our strategic goals in 2013, while continuing to make safety our highest priority. The Port Arthur gas-oil hydrocracker was operational at the beginning
of the year, and in the first half of 2013 we completed construction of our St. Charles hydrocracker project, successfully executed several major turnarounds and completed numerous other projects. We also executed the tax-efficient spinoff to you of our retail operations as CST Brands Inc. Valero now is a more focused
refining, wholesale marketing and alternative fuels company, with growing logistics and petrochemical operations.
In the middle of 2013, we began production at Diamond Green Diesel, a joint venture with Darling International Inc. in which we produce renewable diesel fuel from recycled animal fat, used cooking oil and corn oil, at a facility next to our St. Charles refinery.
In early December, because of a very dedicated effort of Valero employees, we completed the initial public offering of Valero Energy Partners LP master limited partnership well ahead of schedule, to grow our portfolio of pipeline and terminal operations. As with the CST Brands spinoff, we believe this will unlock value for Valero’s shareholders, and is an excellent investment vehicle.
We continue to invest in our assets and our people. Our capital expenditures were $2.76 billion in 2013, and are projected to rise slightly
to $3 billion in 2014. We are pursuing strategic investments that increase our capability to process domestically produced light crude oil; increase
our distillates yield versus gasoline; convert more natural gas to higher-value liquids; improve our logistics; and further improve our safety and reliability performance.
Our Valero Renewables ethanol business had a record year. In 2013, the segment earned $491 million in operating income, compared with
an operating loss of $47 million in 2012. Our investments beginning in 2009 and subsequent capital expenditures, combined with our ability to operate the business, have provided you with excellent value.
The Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) offset some of our positive financial results, and continues to be a significant financial burden. The RFS became
 4
2013 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

  2013 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT
5

  6
2013 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

law, and was expanded, in a different time, with assumptions that did not come close to reality. The domestic oil business has changed tremendously, from crude oil and natural gas supply to transportation fuel consumption. Thus, it is time to completely rewrite the RFS. We are caught in the position of paying money to others in the industry because of our historical marketing position. All independent refiners are hurt by this program. Valero supports changes to the RFS, as it is very unfair, unjust and extremely arbitrary.
In safety, we invest significantly in employee knowledge and skills training. A safe operation starts with a well-trained and focused workforce. We continue to make progress to improve reliability through our Operational Reliability Assessment efforts, which include strict assessments of mechanical integrity, rotating and electrical equipment, unit health, and organizational and employee disciplines. We have reduced process safety incident rates by more than 60 percent since 2008.
In 2013, our petroleum refining system recorded its lowest combined employee and contractor
total recordable incidence rate (TRIR) in company history. Contractors represented a significant portion of total work hours at our facilities, and they recorded their lowest-ever TRIR. We also work diligently on process safety incidents. Our goal is always zero incidents.
We voluntarily submit to rigorous safety audits
by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and state agencies under Voluntary Protection Programs (VPP) that award “Star Site” approvals, the agencies’ highest safety designation. Eight of Valero’s U.S. refineries are Star Sites – representing about one-fourth of all refinery Star Sites nationally – as are two Valero asphalt plants. Our safety performance is better at these operations, which shows the benefits of a cooperative approach to safety.
Also, Valero worked to continue improving and enhancing the environment in a number of ways.
For example, we recycle unmarketable oil, oversee a creative waste-management program and invest in alternative fuels. Our Diamond Green Diesel joint venture, along with our coker-injection program that transforms oily residuals into high-value
fuel, recently earned Environmental Leadership Program awards from the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality.
Valero maintained its tradition of community leadership in 2013. We were named to The
Civic 50, a list of the top 50 community-minded companies in America, by the National Conference on Citizenship and Points of Light – the nation’s definitive experts on civic engagement.
Valero and its employees value good corporate citizenship. Our employees and the company pledged $10.6 million to United Way in the 2013 campaign. We also raised a record $10 million
in 2013 for children’s charities everywhere we operate in the U.S., through the Valero Texas Open and Benefit for Children, and recently announced $9 million for 2014 – among the highest totals
on the PGA TOUR, again. Our employees are also generous with their time, volunteering more than 125,000 hours in 2013 in communities for food banks, Habitat for Humanity, mentorships and other activities. Valero and its people make communities a better place to live.
We once again were included in the list of Fortune magazine’s “World’s Most Admired Companies”
in 2013. Valero was the only independent refining company – and one of only three U.S.-based refiners – named to the list. Forbes magazine named Valero one of America’s 100 “Most Trustworthy Companies” in 2013, honoring companies that are models of openness and integrity. Your company also was named to Institutional Investor magazine’s 2014 list of “Most Honored Companies,” based on performance in investor relations.
We improve people’s lives in everything we do, from the refined products and petrochemical feedstocks we make to the positive impact
60%+
REDUCTION IN PROCESS SAFETY INCIDENT RATES SINCE 2008
    125,000+
VOLUNTEER HOURS IN 2013
 2013 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT
7

  We have
accomplished
a lot, and
today, we are a
much better-
performing
and financially
stronger company.
the company and its employees have on our communities. We directly support 10,000 jobs and numerous other support jobs, spend tens of billions of dollars procuring supplies and services and pay an average of nearly $1 billion in total taxes each year.
Our effort to process more domestic crude oil is not only cost-effective, but good for our country’s balance of payments, manufacturing job creation and economic growth. Your company is a provider to society, not a taker. The world is a better place because of our industry. We protect you from the elements and allow you to cook your food, heat
or cool your home, and make feedstocks that ultimately provide products that are safer, cost- effective and allow for better and efficient mobility. If you want to go somewhere, we provide you with the quality fuel to do so.
The current increase in domestic, unconventional crude oil and natural gas production is the biggest development I have seen in my 45-year career with Valero and its predecessor companies. It is helping to fuel a manufacturing renaissance in the U.S. that only a few years ago was not thought possible. The manufacturing jobs being created are excellent-paying, high-skilled jobs. Pipe fitters, welders, instrument and electrical technicians
and many other talented personnel are needed. This is a huge opportunity for a manufacturing resurgence.
We should embrace this opportunity that can make people’s lives better. Project permits need to be
issued more timely and efficiently, as part of policy that encourages economic growth for the good
of society, and that doesn’t reflect some special interest that wants to return us to a past that, in reality, was not so good. We live longer and better than years ago. Much of this is thanks to fossil fuels.
As previously announced, I will step down on May 1 as CEO of this terrific company, made up of terrific people. Your Board of Directors has done an excellent job of planning for this day, selecting Joe Gorder as my successor. Joe and his executive team have worked with me for a long time, and have been responsible for much of our success. I am behind them all the way.
We have accomplished a lot, and today, we
are a much better-performing and financially stronger company. I cannot thank our employees enough for all of their hard work, dedication and commitment to excellence, and the support they have provided me and our company. I am also very grateful for the support of our suppliers, customers and communities, and especially for the support of our shareholders and the Board of Directors.
Our future is very bright, and Joe and his team are the correct ones to pursue our opportunities. Your company is in good hands!
Bill Klesse
Chairman of the Board
     8
2013 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT
