         LEttEr to sharEhoLdErs
  One year ago, we made a pledge to focus on strategic items that would restore profitability and help us become a world-class refining industry competitor. Valero has made great progress by staying focused, working wisely and rising above political and economic challenges.
During 2010, the world economy recovered faster and stronger than expected, contributing to a surge in global demand for refined products. At the same time, the U.S. economy has been slowly recovering. Refining margins and crude oil discounts, measured against foreign sweet crude oil, improved substantially over the past year. Our capital projects and recent transactions have added value and a competitive edge to our refining portfolio. On top of all of this, the commitment of our people has made a real difference in countless ways – from
a return to profitability through execution and cost-control to improved lives in our communities through our tireless volunteers.
In 2010, we focused on new workplace safety programs, cut costs, and relentlessly looked for ways to be more efficient, more competitive and more profitable. The results were excellent: improved safety and reliability, divestiture of underperforming
assets, progress on major capital projects, significant cost reductions, the acquisition of three more world-class ethanol plants and our best operational performance in five years. For 2010, Valero reported income from continuing operations of $923 million, or $1.62 per share.
As we look to an even better 2011, here are additional highlights from 2010:
SAFETY – OUR HIGHEST PRIORITY
The safety of our people always comes first and is the most important effort we make every day. In 2010 we began tracking a new industry metric on loss of containment, called API process safety events, and have increased our efforts to eliminate losses
of containment across all of our facilities. We also adopted “Life-Saving Rules,” a program that identifies the most common causes of serious injuries and raises individual accountability to follow basic accident-prevention rules. Our refining system’s average total recordable-incident rate (TRIR) was the second-lowest in company history, and our contractors recorded their lowest-ever TRIR. Our employees and contractors know that safety is everyone’s priority, and that by working together, our safety performance will continue to improve.
IMPROVED RELIAbILITY WITH CONTINUED FOCUS ON OPERATIONAL ExCELLENCE INITIATIVES
In 2010, we made significant progress in key reliability measures. Our Commitment to Excellence Management System (CTEMS) is now in its third year, delivering a standardized framework for
safety, operational excellence and reliability. We
also are improving reliability through aggressive preventive maintenance programs, standardized incident tracking tools, retrospective positive material identification, and electrical and mechanical inspections. Since 2007, the cost of high-impact outages in our refinery system has dropped more than 70 percent.
IMPROVED OPTIMIzATION AND PRODUCT YIELDS
High-value refined products and liquid volume yield are increasingly important. Through catalyst optimization, attention to detail and better
 to our sharEhoLdErs 3
        
        utilization of our conversion capacity, from 2009 to 2010 we improved our average liquid volume yield from 98.6 percent to 99 percent. This 0.4 percent gain added $242 million to revenues.
FINANCIALLY STRONGER AND MORE COMPETITIVE
We maintained our investment-grade credit rating in 2010. In mid-December, we exited a challenging East Coast refining market with the sale of our refinery in Paulsboro, New Jersey, for $707 million including working capital. We also divested our
50 percent interest in the Cameron Highway Oil Pipeline System for $330 million. Early in the year, we sold our shut-down Delaware City refinery site and equipment for $220 million.
Our general and administrative expenses have consistently trended downward since 2008, and in 2010, we achieved an additional $225 million in pre-tax cost savings. Since 2007, our employees have saved the company nearly $620 million, before taxes, through the execution of numerous cost reduction efforts.
Our U.S. and Canadian retail businesses earned $346 million for the year, nearly matching their record results in 2008. After adding three world-class ethanol plants to our system, for a total of 10, our ethanol business set a record high of $209 million in operating income for the year.
Moving forward, our financial strength and significant liquidity allow us to complete major value-added capital projects at our refineries. Valero is able to take advantage of attractive acquisition opportunities that will improve our competitiveness and broaden our geographic footprint. Our pending acquisition of Chevron’s Pembroke Refinery and marketing assets in the United Kingdom and Ireland with cash on hand is just one example of this financial strength.
2011 WILL bE A MUCH bETTER YEAR
This year, we expect to expand into Europe, complete our FCC revamp projects at Memphis
and St. Charles, and benefit from upgrading
the coke drums at Port Arthur. The bulk of our active turnaround schedule will be completed by summer. We expect significant progress on our high-return hydrocracker projects at Port Arthur and
St. Charles and our hydrogen plants at McKee and Memphis. Our competitive Gulf Coast refineries are well-positioned for today’s higher-margin export opportunities – a significant change in our business that we anticipated and benefited from last year and so far this year. Another major change in our business has been the discounted price of inland domestic sweet crude versus water-borne sweet crudes like brent or Louisiana Light Sweet.
However, some challenges remain. Current government regulations and proposals affecting greenhouse gases (GHGs) will hurt our industry. These regulations being discussed are bad for our industry, bad for consumers, bad for jobs, and bad for the country – and still would have no impact at all on global warming or climate change. Having been unsuccessful in passing cap-and-trade legislation in Congress, the Obama Administration is attempting to regulate GHGs under the Clean Air Act. This debate is continuing in Congress.
While we are proud to be the world’s largest independent refiner and one of the nation’s largest fuel retailers and ethanol producers, we take
even more pride in being an excellent operator and corporate citizen. by doing ordinary things extraordinarily well, our employees ensure that
our company stays the course on safety, reliability, profitability and corporate responsibility. We continue to add value to society, making people’s lives better and more productive, and we make our communities a better place to live and work.
I want to thank our employees for a very dedicated effort to make our company successful and you for your support, interest, and investment in Valero.
bill Klesse
Chairman of the board, Chief Executive Officer and President
    4 to our sharEhoLdErs
        