The BuSineSS aT hand
a Letter tO Our SharehOLderS
 It was 25 years ago this month that the first Valero Energy Corporation annual report rolled off the presses. The report’s stark cover didn’t feature a photo, a graphic or even a logo.
It simply said: “Valero Energy Corporation had a record year which exceeded all expectations. The company moved significantly nearer a major goal: sustained earnings growth from an expanding operating base.” – 1980 Annual Report
After six tough years of litigation, which led
to the $1.6 billion settlement of 400 lawsuits against Coastal subsidiary LoVaca Gathering Company, Valero spun off as a separate pub- licly traded company from Coastal on Jan. 1, 1980. At the time, it was the largest spin-off
in the history of Corporate America. While we had great plans and high hopes for the fledgling company, none of us could ever have envi- sioned the tremendous growth and success that Valero would achieve over the next 25 years!
Since the spin-off, our revenues have climbed from $1.3 billion to $82 billion. Total assets have jumped from $649 million to $33 billion. And, along with the growth in our asset base, our employee count has swelled from 1,594 employees in 1980 to 21,923 today.
Not surprisingly, the company’s business has changed just as dramatically. Valero has grown from a regional energy company in the natural gas industry to become the largest refiner in North America. Today, our operations have expanded to include 18 refineries stretching from the U.S. West Coast to the East Coast and from Canada to the Caribbean.
Valero has also added 5,000 retail and branded wholesale sites in 34 U.S. states. And, this
was a big year because Valero signs began dot- ting the landscape throughout the U.S. as we launched our nationwide roll-out of the Valero retail brand!
With our record growth has come record earnings. Valero has achieved 10 consecutive quarters of record earnings. 2005 was the best year in history with net income of $3.6 billion versus $64 million 25 years ago. What a differ- ence a quarter-of-a-century can make!
Of course, I am proud to say that our share- holders have shared in our success. In fact, total shareholder return is up 480 percent over the past five years, which compares to a 3 per- cent increase for the S&P 500 Index for that same period! And, in 2005 alone, shareholder
value has increased 128 percent compared to the S&P’s 5 percent increase.
From these record results, it is obvious that we have had the right strategy. In 1996, we believed that we were at the bottom of the refining cycle and that we could purchase refin- ing assets for pennies-on-the-dollar of replace- ment costs. We also believed that historically low refining margins would improve as global demand continued to grow and as the world- wide movement toward cleaner fuels tightened refined product supplies. And, we further believed that the future would belong to the refiners that could process low-cost, heavy sour crude and residual oils that sell at a big dis- count to easier-to-refine, sweet crude oil.
And, we were right on all counts! In 1997, we sold our natural gas liquids and pipelines busi- ness for a record $1.5 billion to PG&E, and spun off our single refinery in Corpus Christi, Texas, to our shareholders as the new Valero.
It was a bold move, but one that has paid big dividends for all our stakeholders -- employees, communities and shareholders!
We began a series of refinery acquisitions, many of which were purchased for just 10 to 20 percent of replacement cost. This string of successful acquisitions culminated in 2005 with our purchase of Premcor Inc. for $7 billion. The four Premcor refineries added approxi- mately 800,000 barrels per day (BPD) of refin- ing capacity and brought our total throughput to 3.3 million BPD - making Valero the largest refining company in North America!
This acquisition not only made us bigger; it made us better! In 2006, we estimate that we
5-Year tOtaL cuMuLatiVe SharehOLder return
  $600 $500 $400 $300 $200 $100
$0
                   12/00
12/01 12/02 12/03
12/04 12/05
VALERO ENERGY CORPORATION – 480% PEER GROUP – 66%
S&P 500 – 3%
   Valero energy Corporation 
 
 will process an additional 250,000 BPD of medium and heavy sour crude as a result of the acquisition of the Premcor refineries alone. This is important when you consider that the sour crude oil discount reached record levels in 2005, averaging $15.58 per barrel for Maya and $6.88 for Arab Light/Medium.
It is not surprising then that the former Premcor refineries alone contributed $810 million to operating income in the last four months of 2005, or about 24 percent of our total operating income for refining during that time. We now believe the Premcor acquisi- tion will be 20 percent accretive to earnings in 2006, far surpassing the 14 percent accretion we estimated at the time we announced the acquisition.
Even with all of the acquisitions we’ve complet- ed, Valero has never been in stronger financial shape. We have a debt-to-capitalization ratio of only 25 percent, which is even more impressive when you consider we started 2005 at about 31 percent and took on additional debt with the Premcor acquisition. That’s a strong testa- ment to our great financial success in 2005!
Another key factor to our success has been our ability to upgrade and expand our refin- ing assets. In addition to the refineries we have acquired, we have added 533,000 BPD of refining capacity since we entered the refining business in 1981, which is the equivalent of building three grassroots world-scale refiner- ies! And we don’t just grow our refineries, we also make them safer, more reliable and more profitable.
This year alone, capital improvement projects are expected to add nearly $200 million in operating income. It is also true that safety and reliability go hand-in-hand, and I am proud that out of 149 refineries in the U.S., Valero
has 10 of only 20 OSHA-certified VPP Star Sites, a designation reserved for the nation’s premier examples of industrial safety.
At Valero, environmental safety has also been one of the company’s highest priorities. We
are proud to be the only refiner to ever win
the Governor’s Award for Environmental Excellence in Texas, and we are proud that we remain on track to reduce greenhouse gas emis- sions by nearly two million tons per year by 2008.
So, as we reflect on the last 25 years, we can see that Valero’s success has been fueled by a number of factors. Certainly, we have had the right strategy. Valero’s aggressive acquisition and capital investment strategy fueled the company’s record growth as we added much-needed refining capacity to meet growing consumer demand. Valero not only acquired refineries
for pennies-on-the-dollar of replacement costs, but we also invested to make them significantly
[above] Valero’s Port arthur refinery, part of the Premcor acquisition, has a throughput capac- ity of 295,000 bPd.
more profitable.
And of course, one of Valero’s biggest advan- tages has been our strategy of configuring our refineries to process less-expensive heavier, sour crude oil. That has enabled us to turn deep discounts for sour crude oil into record profits.
But the biggest reason for our success has been our unique culture.
At Valero, we really do treat our employees as our No. 1 asset. As a result, our employees do more for the company,
higher highS • higher LOwS
 $6 $5 $4 $3 $2 $1
0
                   Valero energy Corporation
1998-2002
1999-2003
2000-2004
2001-2005
USGC 5-3-2 ProdUCt MarGin
(U.S. Gulf Coast margin calculated with the ratio of five barrels of crude oil vs. three barrels of gasoline and two barrels of heating oil)
50/50 arab liGht/MediUM SoUr CrUde diSCoUnt
 
more for the communities in which they live and more for the shareholders. Never was this more evident than during the back-to-back hurricanes that we experienced in 2005.
These two storms damaged our refineries in
St. Charles, Louisiana and Port Arthur, Texas, and threatened five of our other plants along the Gulf Coast. We vowed to do whatever was necessary to help our employees and communi- ties recover.
In response to the company’s outpouring
of support, our St. Charles and Port Arthur employees worked around the clock and restarted our refineries in record time during a time of record refining margins. They proved yet again that our unique caring and sharing culture has tangible benefits for our shareholders.
I served as CEO of Valero and its predeces-
sor for almost 32 years, but I have to say the response of Valero and our employees during hurricanes Katrina and Rita this past year was oneofmyproudestmoments. Thewifeof one of our St. Charles employees may have summed it up best when she wrote to the local newspaper and said she was proud to be associ- ated with Valero because we did what FEMA could not do to assist our employees and the community in post-hurricane relief efforts.
As you may know, 2005 was also the year I stepped down as CEO of Valero. It was a very
[left] Valero signs started popping up across the U.S. as part of the roll-out of the Valero brand.
[below] after hurricane Katrina, Valero executives traveled to the company’s St. Charles refinery to offer support to employees.
difficult decision for me because I really do love the Valero employees like family.
But, because the Valero spirit has never been stronger and the company has never been more successful, I feel it’s a good time for me to transi- tion out of my role as CEO and focus on my position as Chairman. This will give me the opportunity to continue to be involved in the strategic direction of Valero as well as employee, civic and governmental initiatives. And, it will also give me a little more free time to spend with my family and to work on some important phil- anthropic initiatives.
During my tenure as CEO, the company has achieved record growth and success, but my proudest achievement has been Valero’s unique caring and sharing culture. As I always tell our employees, we won’t be remembered for how many refineries we acquired or how much share- holder value we created, however we will be remembered for the difference we’ve made in the lives of those who are less fortunate.
Asaresultofouruniqueculture,wereachedNo.3
– our highest ranking yet – on FORTUNE’s 2006 list of the “100 Best Companies to Work For”; we earned the Spirit of America award, United Way’s top national honor, twice; and we were ranked the third best-performing stock in 2005 by Forbes. It really says a lot about Valero that we would receive top honors for being a great employer, a generous corporate citizen and a top-performing stock. And, it shows that you really can take care of all stakeholders!
As Chairman, my highest priority will be to pre- serve our unique culture because it has been the cornerstone of all our success during the past 25 years and will be the key to our success in the future.
We are fortunate to have one of the best leader- ship teams around, and I am happy that Bill Klesse has assumed the position of CEO and Vice Chairman of the Board.
As Executive Vice President and COO, Bill did a great job of overseeing our refining and commer- cial operations. With 37 years of industry expe- rience, he has held leadership positions in many different areas in the refining and marketing business. I worked closely with Bill for several years and became confident in his business judg- ment as well as his commitment to Valero.
I look forward to working with Bill in his new role as we continue Valero’s tremendous growth and success in the coming years.
With such a great company and such great employees, I have no doubt that the best is yet to come!
     Chairman of the Board
Valero energy Corporation 
 