                                 A Letter to our Shareholders
In today’s rapidly changing world, companies need every advantage to compete and succeed. At Valero, we have worked hard to recruit employees, develop strategies
and acquire assets that give us a competitive edge and make us a world-class competitor.
Valero has grown from a regional energy company with a single refinery to become North America’s largest refiner, with a system of 18 refineries stretching from California to the Caribbean and a combined throughput capacity of 3.3 million barrels per
day. Our geographic diversity and operating flexibility allow us to react quickly to shifts in the marketplace. We are also the leader in refinery conversion capacity, which allows us to upgrade low quality feedstocks into higher value clean products, giving us a competitive advantage.
A growing economy and strong demand for clean-burning fuels, combined with the size and complexity of our refining system and the best employees in the business, allowed us to capitalize on
healthy margins and strong feedstock differentials to make 2006 the best year in Valero’s history. In 2006,
we achieved a record $8.5 billion
of operating income and after-tax earnings of $5.5 billion, or $8.64 per share.
We have shared this success with you, our shareholders. We increased our dividend twice in 2006, and in January 2007 we increased it an additional
50 percent, raising our quarterly cash dividend to $0.12 per share. We also invested $2 billion to buy back
35 million shares in 2006, and we will continue buying back our shares in 2007.
In addition, we finished 2006 with a very healthy balance sheet, having a cash balance of nearly $1.6 billion and a debt-to-capitalization ratio of just 16 percent. We boosted our cash flow by contributing our financial interest in Valero L.P. to Valero GP Holdings, LLC and completed two public offerings to sell our ownership stake in that new company. After-
tax proceeds from these transactions totaled $555 million, and the
separation better positioned both companies for future growth.
As we have demonstrated, we are taking a very balanced approach
with our cash flow. Besides returning cash to you, our shareholders, our capital expenditures in 2006 were $3.75 billion. For 2007, our capital expenditures are expected to continue in the $3.5 billion range. We will
pay down high interest rate debt
and continue looking into potential acquisitions. But, any acquisitions must come at the right price and fit our acquisition criteria. The credit market has recognized Valero’s financial strength, with two upgrades this year in our credit rating to BBB/stable outlook, which reduces our costs.
Our goal is to improve our returns
on investment and equity to provide industry-leading value to you over the long run.
One of the ways we will improve returns is through the significant opportunities we have to generate earnings internally from improved performance. We have acquired many refineries that did not receive
     $600
$500
$400
$300
$200
$100
$0
Valero Energy Corporation
Peer Group
S&P 500
 5-Year Total Cumulative Shareholder Return
                  12/01 12/02
12/03
12/04
12/05 12/06
Source: Valero’s Form 10-K for 2006.
 Valero energy Corporation 3

                                   returning More Cash than ever to Shareholders
50% 40% 30% 20% 10%
0%
       2003 2004 2005 2006
     4
Valero energy Corporation
adequate capital investment prior to our ownership. As we increase their complexity, improve energy efficiency, enhance reliability and apply best practices throughout our system,
we believe we can improve annual operating income by over $1 billion within the next five years. We will also increase our capacity utilization by reducing both planned and unplanned downtime. Realizing this improved performance goal will be a key to our future success.
Of course, personal safety continues
to be our top priority for all of our operations. As I always tell our employees, “I want you to go home from work every day the same way you came, just tired.” In 2006, our refining network reached a record-best total recordable injury rate of 0.92, which
is 25 percent better than the three-year industry average of 1.22 reported by the National Petrochemical & Refiners Association. We achieved this record while integrating the former Premcor refineries, acquired in September 2005, into our system.
In 2006, we also had four refineries become certified or re-certified as Star Sites in the Occupational Safety and Health Administration’s Voluntary Protection Program (VPP). These included our Benicia, St. Charles,
Krotz Springs and Three Rivers refineries. VPP Star Site status is the highest level of safety certification that OSHA offers, and today Valero has
11 of the 23 U.S. refineries that have achieved Star Site status. As we are continuing these VPP efforts, we are
One of the ways we will improve returns is through the significant opportunities we have to generate earnings internally from improved performance.
increasing awareness and commitment to our process safety management program.
We have also made great strides in reducing emissions at our refineries. Flue gas scrubbers are state-of-the-
art pollution prevention systems that reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide and particulate matter, thereby enhancing air quality. In 2006, we added three
new flue gas scrubbers, raising our total to 10 – more than any other refining company in North America.
What’s more, we are investing in
the latest technology to improve energy efficiency at our refineries.
In doing so, we can reduce fuel consumption and reduce carbon dioxide emissions by approximately
2 million tons per year over the
next several years. Though we are uncertain about the science, we are concerned about climate change issues and will continue to work to reduce our carbon dioxide emissions from existing equipment. It should
be noted that when new regulations are implemented that change the specifications of fuels, like removing sulfur, it requires a refinery to increase heat and power consumption for the new process units, which increases carbon dioxide emissions. Clearly, these are complex issues facing us all and a collaborative approach must be taken to find appropriate solutions.
Transportation fuels produced from crude oil are the most economic
for the consumer. Our industry is extremely efficient in refining crude oil into products that improve our customers’ lives. Many programs being considered to substitute alternative fuels for crude oil derived
Valero earnings payout ratio (Dividends + Buybacks)/ earnings
      
                                refined products require subsidies to be competitive with crude oil based transportation fuels. We believe that free markets should be allowed to determine the fuels we use and the prices we pay for them.
Another ongoing initiative is the growth of the Valero brand. Valero now has approximately 5,800 retail and branded wholesale sites following our expansion into the Great Lakes and Pacific Northwest regions last year. We continue to brand outlets within our marketing area, and we announced an agreement with Susser Petroleum of Corpus Christi, Texas in August 2006 to put the Valero brand on over 300 of their locations in
Texas and Oklahoma. The deal made Valero the No. 1 wholesale rack fuel marketer in Texas, with 1,900 branded wholesale and company-owned locations and significant unbranded sales volumes around the state.
Our retail operations, which represent the company-operated stores, had their best year ever in earnings per store in 2006, and Valero was named Chain of the Year by Convenience Store Decisions magazine. Even with these successes, we are continuing
to implement aggressive profit
improvement initiatives for our retail organization.
Of course, none of these successes would have been possible without
the dedication and hard work of our employees, who were responsible for Valero once again being named to Fortune magazine’s list of the 100 Best Companies to Work For. With this year’s ranking at No. 22, Valero has been in the top 25 for the last three consecutive years, and we have been named to the list in each of the past six years that we have been eligible.
We have a very strong caring
and sharing commitment to the communities in which we live and work. With the company match, our employees raised a record $13 million for Valero’s United Way campaign
and set a volunteer record with nearly 275,000 hours donated to worthy causes. Our employees also made
it possible for the 2006 Valero Texas Open and Benefit for Children Golf Classic to raise a record $7 million
for charity, the largest contribution
in PGA TOUR history. We thank our customers, contractors and suppliers for their generosity and support of this event.
$8 $7 $6 $5 $4 $3 $2 $1 $0
2006 was a record year in every way for Valero because everyone from
our board members and executives
to our employees made countless contributions to our success. I thank everyone for their support, hard work, dedication and commitment to safety and excellence. We also thank our customers for their business and thank our suppliers and contractors who make tremendous efforts toward our goal of improved operations.
We also thank Bill Greehey who stepped down as Chairman of the Board of Directors in January 2007 following his retirement as Chief Executive Officer at the end of 2005. All of us at Valero thank Bill for his leadership and commitment to our success over the years.
Thanks to the outstanding members
of our team, we are ready for the future and are in a great position to execute our strategies. I thank you, our shareholders, for your investment in our company and your confidence in us. We are looking forward to making our operations even better and strengthening our position as a world- class competitor in the years to come.
CEO & Chairman of the Board
         Higher Higher Highs Lows
1998-2002 1999-2003 2000-2004 2001-2005 2002-2006
USGC 5-3-2 Product Margin (US Gulf Coast margin calculated with the ratio of 5 barrels of crude oil vs. three barrels of gasoline and two barrels of heating oil)
50/50 Arab Light/Medium Sour Crude Oil Differentials
                                  Valero energy Corporation 5
