DEAR SHAREHOLDERS, COLLEAGUES AND FRIENDS,
2006 was a very strong year—a record year in many regards— for our business and our stakeholders. Sales increased in each of our major products leading to higher operating earnings. Our people achieved outstanding results in the face of some temporary deferrals of highway projects and slower residential construction activity in many markets. The residential slowdown, while a significant factor, affected us far less than many others in the construction industry, as more than 70 percent of our aggregates shipments go to public infrastructure and private nonresidential construction. Vulcan’s total return to shareholders in 2006 was 34.8%, far surpassing the returns of the S&P 500 and other relevant indexes.
Net sales, operating earnings and earnings per share from continuing operations were at record levels, significantly exceeding the previous year’s record results. We achieved improved pricing and better margins in all key products. This led to a 16 percent increase in net sales and drove earnings per share from continuing operations up 45 percent to a record $4.79 per diluted share.
For the year, aggregates pricing improved approximately 15 percent on slightly lower volumes compared to last year’s record levels. Asphalt mix and concrete earnings also increased significantly, as price increases more than offset the effects of lower volumes and higher costs for liquid asphalt and cement. This pricing momentum has continued into 2007.
For the full year, net cash provided by operating activities increased 22 percent from the prior year to $579 million.
THIS SUCCESS IS NOT NEW TO US
Vulcan has enjoyed remarkable stock performance over time, outperforming the S&P for seven consecutive years and in nine of the last ten. In fact, this ability to perform at a consistently high level goes back to our founding fifty years ago. It has been sustained through economic cycles and numerous acquisitions—
large, small and in between. It is a track record that has seen the value of a single share purchased in January 1957 increase by almost 17,000 percent. The annual return to our shareholders over those 50 years has averaged 15 percent. And we see our first 50 years as only the beginning.
We’re positioned for the long term, and we think in the long term. In most markets, we have upwards of 40 years of reserves. In California, some of our quarries have just over 20 years of known reserves left. That’s why we’re working now to develop new quarries in greater Los Angeles, including some that will serve
the metropolitan area by rail.
Vulcan has value in the ground. We believe the worth of our reserves in the ground grows each year, given our strategic locations in nine of the ten fastest growing metropolitan
areas in the United States.
Where there is an absence of good stone in the ground—as is the case in our Gulf Coast markets—we have engineered a bold and hard-to-duplicate way to bring aggregates cost-effectively to our customers. Our quarry and port in the Yucatan Peninsula
in Mexico, situated at a natural deepwater break in the reefs that otherwise hem in that coastline, serves the Gulf Coast of the
U.S. using customized self-unloading vessels. We have two such specially designed vessels in continuous service, each with a capacity of 60,000 tons. A third ship now under construction will join them later this year.
MANAGEMENT UPDATE
At the end of 2006, Vulcan announced a number of important changes within the senior management structure of our Construction Materials Group, which will position Vulcan to have effective
line management of our business in the years ahead and also create new opportunities for a number of our people. G. M. (Mac) Badgett, III will continue his service to the Company as Senior
12
FROM THE CHAIRMAN

Vice President, with responsibilities for the Group’s key support functions, as well as for our new Florida Rock Division, which will be integrated into the Company following the close of that acquisition (see below). Mac succeeds James W. Smack, who
is retiring. Jim has made immeasurable contributions to Vulcan’s culture and profitability during his 25 years of service. We will miss him and wish him the best in retirement.
Ronald G. McAbee was named Senior Vice President, West. Ron joined Vulcan in 1974 and previously served as President of both Vulcan’s Mideast and Western Divisions. Danny R. Shepherd was named Senior Vice President, East. Danny rejoined Vulcan
in 2002 as President of the Company’s Southeast Division. Prior to that time he was President of Global Stone Corporation, having previously served at Vulcan in positions of increasing responsibility from 1973 to 1993. Alan D. Wessel was named President of
the Western Division. Alan joined Vulcan in 1992 and most recently served as Vice President and General Manager for the Southern California region of the Western Division. Michael R. Mills was named President of the Southeast Division. Michael joined Vulcan in 1991 and most recently served as Vice President and General Manager, West, for Vulcan’s Midsouth Division. Additionally, Drew A. Meyer, Vice President of Marketing Support Services, Construction Materials Group, is retiring after having served Vulcan for more than 38 years. Drew’s leadership, knowledge and expertise in his field are well known throughout the industry. We will miss him and wish him the best in retirement. Sidney F. Mays, a 20-year veteran of the Group, has been promoted to succeed Drew.
2007 OUTLOOK
Uniquely positioned as the leading U.S. supplier of aggregates, Vulcan’s coast-to-coast footprint includes 287 aggregates production facilities and sales yards serving many of the fastest growing U.S. markets. We see excellent potential for additional
growth, given relatively low interest rates, falling office vacancy rates and the solid fiscal condition of most states, coupled with projected increases in the more aggregates-intensive public infrastructure and private nonresidential end use markets. In 2006, the cost of highway construction materials, particularly liquid asphalt and diesel fuel, increased significantly, resulting in some delays for new contract awards. However, those costs have recently moderated and we expect highway construction to pick up significantly in 2007, particularly with higher state tax revenues and an increase of $3.5 billion in the federal highway authorization for the year.
The residential construction slowdown in the U.S. is well documented and has contributed to lower aggregates shipments in several of our markets. However, with mortgage interest rates at relatively low historical levels and household formations increasing in high growth markets, residential construction has the potential to stabilize in 2007 and resume growth thereafter. More important, the largest single portion of Vulcan’s sales
are to the more stable public infrastructure market that includes highways and other public works.
THE NATURE OF OUR BUSINESS
Aggregate is local. Spanning the country from coast to coast
to coast, we are still a local business everywhere we do business, delivering value in person.
We also know the value of being a good neighbor. Stewardship runs deep at Vulcan, both in attitudes and actions. We are stewards of our land and work with our neighbors and local and national interest groups to protect the environment around us. When
the time is right, and operations cease at a given site, we look for ways to reclaim it for profitable development and public good. Our property holdings include 38 active wildlife habitats that are certified by the Wildlife Habitat Council and protected as such.
 Donald M. James
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
13

One of our oldest quarries has now become the centerpiece
of Atlanta’s Beltline Park initiative. We have sold the rights to our Bellwood quarry to the city. The quarry, which occupies 137 acres, operated for more than 100 years, providing aggregates for Atlanta roads, infrastructure and many of its well-known buildings. We
are winding down operations so the property, soon to feature a 50-acre drinking water reservoir, can be converted into the core of a 300-acre park and greenspace system encircling Atlanta. This
is one example of our efforts to manage our land holdings for long- term value and community benefits.
We also have a longstanding, strong commitment to protect the health and safety of our workforce. Continuous improvement is our goal with respect to health and safety. Vulcan has a track record
of sharing its innovative safety and health practices. As the U.S. aggregates industry’s largest player, we willingly take a leadership role in developing best practices and collaborating with industry associations and government regulatory agencies to promote industry-wide adoption of best practices in safety and health.
Our commitment to all our stakeholders is recognized. Once again, we have been named as one of Fortune’s Most Admired companies, our seventh year on the list. This year, Vulcan was number one in our category for all metrics including social responsibility.
We also were ranked in the top ten of all Fortune 1000 companies for both social responsibility and long-term investment and in the top 20 for both financial soundness and use of corporate assets. This award is a great tribute to the work of our employees in their communities across America. It reflects well on Vulcan’s sound
business practices, long-term commitment to social responsibility, and performance in the marketplace.
GROWTH BY ACQUISITION
This is a great business to be in, when you can get into it. However, some simple questions have to be answered: How and where can you site a quarry? Where will you find 200-acre parcels of land near growing population centers? Acquisitions provide in many cases the answers to these questions.
In a continuation of our growth strategy, on February 19, 2007, we announced that Vulcan had signed a definitive agreement to acquire Florida Rock Industries, Inc. in a cash and stock transaction valued at $4.6 billion—the largest acquisition in our history.
This acquisition will significantly enhance Vulcan’s strategic position and long-term growth opportunities. It greatly expands our presence in the large and attractive Florida market—one of
the fastest growing markets for aggregates in the U.S.—and in other high-growth Southeast and Mid-Atlantic states. Florida Rock brings 2.5 billion tons of reserves in Florida, where reserves are increasingly scarce, and in other important markets. When
the transaction is completed, Vulcan will have aggregates reserves totaling 13.9 billion tons, an increase of more than 20 percent over our reserves at the end of 2006.
This acquisition will enhance Vulcan’s earnings growth
and provide strong cash flow to pay down debt while maintaining Vulcan’s historical dividend payout levels. While the transaction
is subject to the approval of a majority of Florida Rock shareholders,
$3,200
$1,600
Net Sales
(In millions of dollars)
        14
$0
 04 05 06

regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions, we anticipate that it will close in mid-year 2007.
A BUSINESS BUILT ON RELATIONSHIPS
It’s more than just the land; we are stewards of our relationships as well. Relationships count in our business. This is an industry still predominantly made up of small family businesses—there are roughly ten thousand aggregates operations in the U.S., and over five thousand aggregates companies. Openness, patience and a long-view come in handy. We’ve had an acquisition or two take three or four decades to come to fruition.
As our first priority, we value our relationship with you, our shareholders. To increase the value of your holdings, we bought back 6.8 million shares of common stock during the year at an average cost of $77.37 per share and a total cost of approximately $523 million. We also continue to generate significant value through the development and sale of reclaimed and surplus real estate.
In the first quarter of 2007, we closed a real estate sale in California resulting in a net after-tax gain of $0.25 per diluted share.
EXTRACTING VALUE
At Vulcan, we know the competitive landscape, and how to succeed everywhere we do business. Again, location is key. Yet Vulcan’s success is attributable to much more than hard work and fortuitous placement.
We mine value. The logistics of this seemingly simple business can be quite involved. For example, in a single city, Mobile, Alabama,
Vulcan serves distinct parts of it by ship, by rail, by barge and
by truck, from four separate sources. For projects within hailing distance of Mobile’s Gulf port, we bring in aggregates by ship from Mexico. The northwest of the city gets its crushed stone by rail, and from Vulcan quarries up the Mississippi that float their output downstream by barge. The northeast sector of the city gets its stone by rail and truck from a quarry just above the fall line. Each solution is the one that makes the most sense for its particular, and very local, locale.
That’s how we create value in this business. Every locale is different, and every solution unique. It’s why the greatest advantage in this business, wherever growth happens, is simply being where we need to be:
HERE.
Donald M. James
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2007
 Earnings per Share from Continuing Operations (Diluted, in dollars
per common share)
Earnings reinvested Dividends paid
Net Cash Provided
by Operating Activities (in millions of dollars)
Gross Profit as a Percent of Net Sales
  $5.00
$2.50
$600
$300
40%
20%
                         $0 $0 0% 04 05 06 04 05 06
04 05 06
   15
