[4 ]
 message to FelloW
shareholders
 2011 was a record year for Valmont. Revenue increased
35 percent and operating income increased 48 percent. Operating income as a percent of sales improved from
9 percent to 9.9 percent. Net earnings were also at a record level, and were enhanced by a one-time positive adjustment during the fourth quarter. Our return on invested capital improved to 11 percent from 8.8 percent in 2010.
It is gratifying to note that we delivered a record operating performance despite the fact that our largest segment, Engineered Infrastructure Products, experienced significant headwinds in the North American and European markets. Improved performance in our Irrigation, Utility Support Structures and Coatings Segments more than offset
this softness.
Our 2010 acquisition of Delta plc was fully integrated this year. International sales have now increased to more than 40 percent of Valmont’s total – providing more balance globally. Our enhanced footprint in the Asia Pacific region should drive approximately one quarter of total revenues in 2012.
This year we established a regional headquarters in Sydney, Australia and appointed a group president who
is responsible for our Asia Pacific businesses. Through a matrix management structure and overlaying geographic responsibilities with our global product lines, we expect to maximize our performance by sharing knowledge, research and development between markets.
The successes of matrix organizational structures are highly dependent on senior executives, with responsibility for either product lines or geography, working well together. I have been impressed with what I have seen.
Our Irrigation Segment had a great year. The market for irrigation is strong for a number of reasons. Conserving the world’s fresh water supply is an enduring global driver. Ever- increasing global demands for food and the resulting good crop prices are driving farm incomes. As a consequence, farmer sentiment and capital investments in equipment
are robust. I have never seen a stronger macro environment for our irrigation business. Our irrigation team and dealer organization responded very effectively to a substantial increase in sales volume and delivered record results.
The Utility Support Structures Segment delivered much improved results compared to 2010. Electric utility companies in North America increased capital spending on large- scale projects to add physical capacity and improve the reliability of the grid. We expect spending to remain strong for a number of years as utilities connect alternative energy sources to the grid and upgrade their transmission
and distribution network.
 
   We are ideally positioned–through our products, capabilities and market presence–to help meet the needs of a growing population worldwide.
   In 2011, our structural businesses serving the lighting, traffic and telecommunication markets faced difficult markets. Weak government spending in the U.S. and Europe reduced global demand for highway lighting
and other traffic structures. Limited demand and volatile steel costs compressed prices and margins in a highly competitive market, leading to unsatisfactory results.
We believe infrastructure is a growth business; economic growth depends on investments in infrastructure.
We remain confident in the longer-term prospects for these businesses. While we do not anticipate much improvement in market conditions in 2012, we do expect continued progress increasing productivity, streamlining operations and reducing costs. Therefore, we believe that earnings in this segment will improve. Our other businesses within this segment in the Asia Pacific region, such as engineered access systems and highway safety products, performed to expectations.
Our Coatings Segment had a strong performance despite operating in a generally weak economy. Increased captive demand from Valmont’s Utility and Irrigation Segments
in North America provided beneficial leverage. We are driving productivity improvements by continually sharing best practices in our galvanizing operations in North America and the Asia Pacific region.
We have several other businesses that are not as large
as the four in our segments. These businesses made
a meaningful contribution to our results in 2011. The tubing business benefited from the strong agricultural economy. Our grinding media business in Australia saw good demand from the mining industry. Our electrolytic manganese dioxide business in South Africa benefited from stable market conditions and favorable foreign exchange rates.
As I visit our facilities and meet with customers worldwide, I am gratified by the passion and commitment of our teams at every level. The customer-driven innovations and service models that are shared within and among units support Valmont’s culture of continuous improvement and build the platform necessary for our further growth.
Valmont anticipates another record year from operations in 2012. We expect market conditions for the Utility Support Structures Segment to continue to strengthen. We expect improved performance in our Engineered
Infrastructure Products Segment, even absent a better market environment. Both our Coatings and Irrigation Segments should continue their strong performance.
The agricultural economy will continue to be driven by the need for food and water management as growing middle class populations move towards higher protein diets, increasing demand for feed grains.
We cannot control economic conditions; however, Valmont will continue to leverage our products, markets and capabilities. We will maintain our focus on productivity, safety and customer engagement. The world’s increasing investments in infrastructure enhancements and water conservation solutions to help secure food supply are inevitable. Valmont is constantly scanning the horizon
for potentially disruptive designs or technologies. We are confident that mechanized irrigation is the best means
of water delivery for large-scale agriculture. Our structural support products remain the best way to support objects in the air. Galvanizing is the best coating to extend the product life of steel. We are ideally positioned – through our products, capabilities and market presence – to help meet the needs of a growing population worldwide.
We welcomed two new members to our Board:
James B. Milliken, President of the University of Nebraska, and Catherine Paglia, a director of Enterprise Asset Management, Inc. We are looking forward to benefiting from their experience and counsel.
At the end of 2011, Clarice Barnhill retired. For more than 60 years, Clarice was the devoted Executive Secretary to our founder Robert B. Daugherty. She is the supreme ambassador of the Valmont culture. Our company is undoubtedly better for her loyal service and warmth. We wish her well in her retirement.
Thank you for your continued support and shared enthusiasm. I look forward to updating you on our
                    progress i Sincerely,
Mogens C. Bay
head.
n the year a
      Chairman and Chief Executive Offic
er
     [ 5]
