 6
  message to fellow shareholders
The year 2008 was yet another record year for Valmont, with a 39 percent increase in earnings per share on a 27 percent increase in revenue.
Although all segments contributed to revenue and earnings growth, the irrigation, utility and coatings segments contributed the vast majority of improvements.
Our operating income as a percentage of sales rose to 12 percent, and our return on invested capital reached
16 percent. These are results our organization can be proud of, particularly in a year that presented significant challenges, from rapidly increasing raw material and compo- nent costs, to a near collapse of the global banking system during the second half of the year.
Our Irrigation Segment had a spec- tacular year with operating income growth of 69 percent on a 45 percent increase in revenue. I cannot remem- ber a year when the drivers have better aligned for global production agriculture. For several years, global consumption of major agricultural commodities outstripped production. In 2008, rapidly rising commodity prices led to record net farm income in many parts of the world. This resulted in farmers making significant investments in capital equipment.
This favorable market environment enabled us to pass on our inflationary cost increases and improve the size and quality of our earnings.
In 2008, our Utility Segment, which serves the North American electric utility market, continued its history
of rapid growth in both revenue and earnings as its many utility customers and strategic partners accelerated their investments in upgrading and expanding the transmission and distribution grid. Revenues increased 34 percent and operating income rose 46 percent. As with our other businesses, the utility segment was faced with increasing input costs, particularly steel. The contractual and alliance relationships we have developed with most customers allowed us to pass on these additional input costs.
Early in 2008, we acquired the
assets of PennSummit Tubular LLC,
a successful business that serves both the utility and wireless commu- nication markets. Located in Hazleton, Pennsylvania, PennSummit’s produc- tion facilities are now fully integrated into our network of utility plants, adding an important geographic location serving the northeastern
U.S. market. Our utility organization has done an excellent job of serving the North American utility industry and is earning an increased share
of this business.
Our Engineered Support Structures Segment, which serves the lighting, traffic, wireless communication and specialty structures markets and international utility markets, had
strong revenue growth of 22 percent, but minor earnings growth of 1 percent. Globally, it was a challenge to recover rapidly increasing input costs –
steel in particular – which led to compressed margins.
In North America, we saw our specialty structures operations improve and make a positive contribution to segment profitability. Our lighting and traffic business experienced a number of operational issues, which negatively affected their performance, particularly
in the second half of the year. We are addressing these issues.
During the first quarter, we acquired West Coast Engineering Group, Ltd., headquartered in Delta, BC, Canada. This investment broadened Valmont’s customer base in North America and opened up new product and business opportunities for our steel lighting and wireless communication structures business. In the third quarter, we acquired Site Pro1, Inc.,
a wireless communication compo- nents company headquartered
in New York.
  7
Our international structures operation continued its growth
in sales and operating profit.
China had yet another record year
in revenue and contributed to the increase in segment profitability, despite start-up expenses in connection with the opening of
our third plant in the Shandong province in August. In Europe, revenues also increased, and we were pleased with the full-year contributions of our Tehomet aquisition in Finland, as well as by the fourth quarter addition of our joint venture with Mitas in Turkey.
In the fourth quarter, we also acquired Stainton Metal Co., Ltd.,
the largest pole company in the U.K., which further strengthened our ability to serve our international customers.
Our coatings business had a good year, with a 38 percent increase in operating income on a 5 percent increase in sales. In contrast to
our other businesses, input costs decreased due to lower average zinc costs. Volumes were higher for the year as industrial demand and internal demand were strong.
In my previous annual letter to you,
I mentioned our initiative to become a truly lean enterprise. This initiative, which we call The Valmont Way, represents a set of operating princi- ples that will allow us to operate more efficiently to provide greater value
to our customers. Through the use
of lean tools in our plants and offices worldwide, Valmont employees at every level are engaged in ongoing training to ferret out waste and eliminate those activities that do not add value for our customers. The Valmont Way is an outgrowth of the corporate values by which we live every day: passion for our products and for serving our customers;
our commitment to the pursuit of
excellence through continuous improvement; our high standards for integrity and ethical behavior; and, delivering results. The Valmont Way will add more discipline and process to the way we conduct our business.
Our commitment to our employees and communities for safe and healthy environments has prompted us to combine the Safety and Environmental Departments to take advantage of the synergies created by combining skill sets, computerized systems, and staff. In addition, divisional and facility safety programs have been reenergized. The new combined Environmental Health and Safety Department is already demonstrating benefits through streamlined report- ing, improved communication and training, and self-auditing. This emphasis will continue as we
embark on The Valmont Way.
It remains a pleasure for me to
visit our facilities in the U.S. and around the world, affording me the opportunity to meet and thank each employee for their daily efforts.
We are a good worldwide team, with great passion for our products and markets, and for serving our customers better than any of our competitors. I am proud of our accomplishments as a global team, and I thank each one of my fellow employees for what they do for Valmont every day.
Early in 2009, we welcomed Ambassador Clark (Sandy) T. Randt, Jr., to our board of directors. Recently retired after eight years of service, Sandy was the longest serving United States Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China. Sandy has lived and worked in China for over 30 years, and we look forward to benefiting from his insights and experience. In 2008, we bid farewell to John E. Jones, who retired from
our board after 15 years of service. John provided great insights and guidance to Valmont, and we thank
him for his many contributions.
The global economic uncertainty makes it difficult to predict Valmont’s results with a great level of confi- dence as we enter 2009. The liquidity crisis that the world is facing and
the level of uncertainty will no doubt impact our businesses negatively
in some parts of the world and in some industries. We have already seen a slowdown in irrigation orders. On the other hand, we continue to grow our utility business. Yet, even
in this difficult environment, I can
say with confidence that I like the industries and businesses in which we participate. People are going
to continue to eat, and there will
be pressure on world agriculture
to increase food production while conserving water. When it comes to infrastructure, the drivers have not changed, and I’m encouraged by the fact that, in tough economic times, governments around the world often stimulate their economies through increased infrastructure spending.
One thing I can say for sure: Valmont throughout its history has participated in cyclical industries, and we know how to adjust quickly to different business environments. We will work diligently to maximize our performance in whatever economic environment we operate – we always have – and we always will.
Sincerely,
Mogens C. Bay
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 Valmont Industries Annual Report 2008
Valmont Industries Annual Report 2008
  