This is my 15th annual letter to my fellow shareholders. In my very first letter to you, I discussed global leadershippositionsforValmontin engineered support structures (poles) and water management for agriculture (irrigation), and I spoke of leveraging thosepositionsforgrowth.
Fifteen years later, our focus has not changed. We have seen tremendous growth, and we are more excited than ever about the opportunities ahead of us.
The year 2007 was another record
one for Valmont. Net earnings grew
54 percent on a 17 percent increase in revenue. Over the last few years, we have had a keen focus on improving the quality of our earnings. Operating income as a percentage of sales increased nearly two full percentage points, to 10.4 percent, and our return on invested capital reached 14 percent.
While we are pleased with our performance in 2007, we are still not satisfied. We are confident that we can continue to improve the quality of our earnings over time, but we also know that incremental improvements will become more difficult to attain.
We are sharpening our efforts in
this regard. In previous annual letters to you, I have mentioned three initia- tivesatValmont:pricingdiscipline; lean manufacturing; and employee engagement.
In this annual report, we are featuring our Presidents from each Valmont divi- sion. I feel it is important that you have anopportunitytobecomeacquainted with our business leaders. They are the ones who manage our businesses every day, and who – along with fellow
 We are combining all three initiatives
intooneoverarchingprogramthat Valmontteammembers–createvalue
should propel Valmont along a
global journey to become a true
lean enterprise. We call this The Valmont Way. We will refine a set of operating principles, which will help us to become continuously more efficient in how we deliver value to our customers. This is a major under- taking involving extensive training throughout our global enterprise– and it will take time. Our goal is for
The Valmont Way to become a sustainable competitive advantage.
for our shareholders. I’m proud of my colleagues for all they have accom- plished, and for their vision and astute leadership on behalf of Valmont and its shareholders. I invite you to meet these dedicated individuals and learn more about their divisions through the pages of this report.
4
MESSagE
 to fellow sHareHolDers
mogens c. Bay | cHairman anD cHief executive officer
   VAlmont IndustrIes Annual Report 2007

   5
    VAlmont IndustrIes Annual Report 2007

  6
   ViSiOn
Valmont is recognized throughout the world as an industry leader in engineered support structures and services for infrastructure, and water management for agriculture. We grow our businesses by leveraging our existing products, markets and processes. We recognize that our growth will only create shareholder value if, at the same time, we exceed our cost of capital. Essential to our success is a company-wide commitment to customer service and innovation, and the ability to be the best cost producer for all products and services we provide. Recognizing that our employees are the cornerstone of our accomplishments, we pride ourselves on being people of passion and integrity who excel and deliver results.
valmont’s
   VAlmont IndustrIes Annual Report 2007

In last year’s letter to you, I mentioned that the drivers of our businesses
are global, compelling and enduring. We’re confident this will continue to be the case as the world’s needs for infrastructure and agricultural water management will continue to drive demand for Valmont’s products. At the present time, we do not see compet- ing products or technologies being
a major threat in our markets. Local priorities and economic conditions may influence the short-term size of our markets, but in general, we are currently operating in a fairly robust environment worldwide.
Our irrigation business had a very strong year in 2007 with significant increases in both revenue and earnings. Demand was strong in the U.S. as well as in most international markets. The global macroeconomic environment for agriculture is the strongest we have seen in many years. In recent years, the world has con- sumed more agricultural commodities than it has produced. This shortfall
is not due to production problems in certain areas–as was often the case in the past–but rather is a result of ever-increasing demand. Today, this demand is not only for agricultural commodities to feed the world, it
is also for biofuels to help fuel the world’s economic growth. We see no reason in the near term why this situation should change.
In the U.S., the utility structures business delivered very solid financial results in 2007 as we continue to respond to growing demand from utilities expanding or upgrading
their transmission and distribution infrastructure. We are confident
that activity levels in this market
will continue to be strong in 2008.
Internationally, we also see good prospects for our utility structures, particularly with China investing heavily in electricity generation to support their fast-growing economy.
Our lighting and traffic structures sales increased on a worldwide basis, helped by strong performance outside the U.S., especially in Europe. In
the U.S., we are experiencing good activity levels in these markets, which are dependent on federal and local public funding. We expect further growth in this business in 2008, both in our important North American market and in Europe and Asia. Our specialty structures business, which provides structures for the wireless communication markets and the traffic sign structures markets, saw improve- ment as a result of very strong activity in the wireless communication market in China. In the U.S., where we have not executed well in our sign struc- tures operations in recent years, we consolidated two facilities into one to gain manufacturing efficiencies. Our lower cost structure now should help return this business to profitability.
Valmont’s Coatings Segment also had a very good year. Higher industrial demand coupled with strong internal demand resulted in solid sales and profitability gains.
During 2007, Charles Peebler, Jr., retired from Valmont’s Board of Directors for health reasons. Chuck served on our board for eight years and can take great pride in his many contributions to the success of our company. His wise counsel will be missed, and we thank him and wish him well as he continues to inspire
us with his determined battle against progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP).
At Valmont–as always–employee safety remains closely tied to our corporate values. While I am pleased to report that Valmont’s safety perfor- mance reached a new record in 2007, there are always improvements to be pursued. Nothing is more important than the safety of our workforce,
and we will continue to work hard
on improving safety processes and performance throughout the company.
I continue to spend time visiting our facilities in the U.S. and around the world. I appreciate the chance to meet and thank each employee whose daily efforts continue to make Valmont a strong and successful global company. As I have said many times before, capital is allocated by Valmont’s corporate office; our returns, on the other hand, are generated by great people whose work ethic and team- work extend seamlessly across plants, borders and oceans. Through their efforts, Valmont succeeds at helping to feed, light and connect the world.
Looking forward, we will continue to leverage our leadership positions in our core markets around the world. We will also pursue our lean trans- formation to grow and improve our businesses. We are off to a good start in 2008 and expect to deliver another record year.
As always, thank you for your support. I look forward to reporting to you throughout 2008.
Sincerely,
Mogens c. Bay
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 7
    VAlmont IndustrIes Annual Report 2007
