 To Our Shareholders, Employees, Customers, and Vendors
                                        I am happy to confirm that electronic industry conditions have improved significantly during the past several months. Business is strong in all Vishay product lines. Our bookings, capacity uti- lization, and revenues are increasing, and we are seeing an overall decrease in the rate of price declines for our products. In fact, prices for some of our specialty products are rising. There are even short-term shortages of some Vishay products.
Vishay is particularly well positioned for the current indus- try-wide upturn because, during the downturn that took place during 2001, 2002, and part of 2003, we continued to cut costs aggressively and relocate production to lower-labor-cost countries. In spite of the difficult times of the past few years, Vishay was profitable on an adjusted net earnings basis, and took advantage of its strong balance sheet to make several key acquisitions that enhanced our already extensive product portfolio, increased our market share, and further strength- ened our presence in China and the rest of Asia.
Year
2003 During 2003, as in the past, our business upturn began in the discrete semiconductor area and was followed by an upturn in our passive components area as well.
The product lines that we acquired through our acquisitions in 2002 (BCcomponents and five small transducer companies) and 2001 (General Semiconductor and the infrared components business of Infineon) contributed to our bottom line during 2003.
We integrated the product lines of BCcomponents and our transducer acquisitions (Sensortronics, Tedea-Huntleigh, BLH, Nobel, and Celtron) during 2003, and our efforts to consoli- date manufacturing of these product lines in lower-labor-cost countries are fully on target. Also on target is our consolidation in China of the manufacturing of our General Semiconductor products, which started in December 2003 and is planned for completion during 2004.
The upturn that began at the end of 2003 increased sales of new and improved products in all our product categories. New products increase our share of existing markets, and open up new ones for us. It is worth noting that, in 2003, 61% of our revenues came from products that didn’t exist 10 years ago. At our Siliconix subsidiary, the comparable figure is 88%.
During 2003 we expanded the scope of the Vishay Sample Service Center from one region (the Americas) to all regions. It now provides a single global source for Vishay product sam- ples. Because of this service and our ability to provide “one- stop shop” service for discrete semiconductors and passive
components, many of our customers are sending us their bills of materials (BOMs) and asking us to cross-reference Vishay products in all categories, including categories where Vishay products were not designed-in previously. This way, customers can order many components for their BOMs from one source — Vishay. This results in fast market penetration by Vishay at low costs. Once again, our strategy of being a “one-stop shop” is paying off.
Additionally, during 2003 we improved service by consoli- dating our product inventory and shipping functions into a global logistics organization. This enables us to respond more rapidly to customer requests, enhance labor utilization and productivity, and minimize costs. In 2003 we increased our average on-time delivery rate to 93%.
In 2003 we exploited synergies between our different divi- sions to reduce material costs. We also cut costs by closing redundant facilities, consolidating sales forces, reducing or terminating various sales-related expenses, and reducing overhead expenses.
In addition, we decreased costs during 2003 by continuing to move production from high-labor-cost countries to lower- labor-cost countries such as the Czech Republic, India, Israel, and — most important of all — China. By the end of 2003, we had decreased the percentage of our workforce in high-labor- cost countries to 31%. We expect to decrease this still further to 27% by the end of 2004, with a long-term goal of 20%.
I am very pleased to report that, during 2003, we complete- ly rebuilt the Vishay Electro-Films facility in Warwick, Rhode Island, U.S.A. After the facility was devastated by fire in 2002, we obtained a settlement from our insurance company. Using money provided by the insurance company, we turned the facility into a state-of-the-art manufacturing plant with increased productivity.
Yet another successful initiative was our signing of a tech- nological and marketing agreement with Walsin Technology Corporation, a Taiwan-based manufacturer of multilayer ceramic capacitors (MLCCs), mainly for the consumer market. Previously, our MLCC efforts were focused primarily on special- ized Vishay Vitramon MLCCs for the high-reliability automotive market (where Vishay is a market leader in the U.S. and Europe), rather than the markets for low-priced commodity MLCCs. Our agreement with Walsin enables us to compete aggressively and gain market share in sales of commodity MLCCs.
In addition, we increased future Siliconix semiconductor capacity by signing an agreement with a Japanese manufac- turer of silicon wafers. Siliconix also signed a memorandum of understanding with an Israeli manufacturer of silicon wafers. We expect a definitive agreement with the Israeli manufacturer to be signed in the first half of 2004.
2 VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC.
A MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN

                                        Financial
Highlights Sales for the year ended December 31, 2003 were $2.2 billion compared to sales of $1.8 billion for the year ended December 31, 2002. Net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2003 were $26.8 million or $0.17 per share, compared with a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2002 of $92.6 million or $0.58 per
share. Adjusted net earnings for 2003
and 2002 were $45.2 million and $43.5
million, respectively, or $0.28 and
$0.27 per share. Earnings for the year
ended December 31, 2003 were
impacted by restructuring and sever-
ance costs of $29.6 million, a loss on
extinguishment of debt of $9.9 million,
a loss on long-term purchase commit-
ments of $11.4 million, and a write-
down of tantalum inventories on hand
to market value of $5.4 million, offset
by a gain on an insurance claim of
$33.9 million. The year ended
December 31, 2002 included charges
for restructuring, inventory write-downs, a loss on purchase commitments and other charges of $169.9 million.
The Company continued to generate cash from operations during year 2003. In fact, for the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company’s cash flow from operations was $255.8 million. Purchases of property and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2003 were $126.6 million, as compared to depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2003 of $194.1 million.
The long-term debt of the Company was $836.6 million (substantially all in convertibles) at December 31, 2003 and stockholders’ equity was $2,514 million, resulting in a debt-to- equity ratio of 0.33. Our cash balance at December 31, 2003 was $555.6 million and our net debt was only $281 million.
Looking
Ahead Looking ahead to the rest of 2004 and beyond, I am quite optimistic. I anticipate that the positive trends that began during the end of 2003 and have continued into 2004 — improved bookings, improved capacity utilization, reduced pricing pressure, increased profit margins — will continue.
We acquired BCcomponents, the transducer companies, and General Semiconductor — as well as the infrared compo- nents business of Infineon — during the industry downturn, when prices for acquisitions were lowest. Now that our rev- enues are increasing in all product areas, the acquired prod-
uct lines, fully integrated into our Company product portfolio, will contribute even more strongly to our bottom line.
Our acquisitions in 2002 and 2001 brought with them not only new products, but also manufacturing plants in China, other countries in Asia, and Israel, as well as in Europe. This made possible consolidation of manufacturing in lower-labor-cost
countries during 2003, an initiative that will continue during 2004. Also continu- ing during 2004 will be other efforts to streamline operations and reduce costs.
Siliconix products are used in portable devices, such as notebook computers and cell phones, that are enjoying rising market demand. I am confident that Siliconix revenues will continue to increase. Additionally, I expect that our other discrete semiconductor business unit, Vishay Semiconductors (comprising the former General Semiconductor, Infineon infrared components, and Vishay Telefunken businesses) will continue to benefit from rising market demand during
the months to come. I also am confident that our passive compo- nents business will continue to grow, as passive components are used in all electronic circuits in conjunction with semiconductors.
As always, we will continue to roll out new and improved products. Our strategy of a broad product line (“one-stop shop” service), opportunistic acquisitions, new product introductions, and cost reduction efforts enabled us to generate operating profits during 2003, despite the difficult times, and now will be the foundation for future growth as the economy turns positive.
Vishay was included in Fortune® magazine’s year 2004 list of “America’s Most Admired Companies” in the category of semi- conductors. Vishay also was ranked number-one in the “Electric Components & Equipment” industry category in the March 8, 2004 Wall Street Journal “Shareholder Scoreboard.”
As we look forward to continued growth during our fifth decade as a Company, we are grateful to our employees, cus- tomers, vendors, and strategic business partners. To our stock- holders, thank you for continuing to believe in Vishay. I look for- ward with confidence to the rest of year 2004 and beyond.
Sincerely,
Felix Zandman
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer April 2004
A MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
  Dr. Felix Zandman
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY, INC. 3
