 THE EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN
In 2014, Vishay Intertechnology continued to drive stockholder value through organic growth, targeted acquisitions, and a quarterly cash dividend program. This is consistent with our Growth Plan, which is designed to further improve Vishay’s position in the
top ranks of the global electronics industry. At the same time, Vishay maintained its strong financial position, which has served the Company well during both upturns and downturns in the global economy.
Organic growth has involved accelerating the development of new products, as well as improving market penetration through carefully planned capacity expansion.
During 2014, Vishay made two strategic acquisitions, which closed technological gaps: Holy Stone Polytech and Capella Microsystems. We expect that these acquisitions
will ensure future mid- and long-term growth of our capacitor and optoelectronics businesses, respectively. The acquisition of Holy Stone Polytech, a Japanese manufacturer of tantalum capacitors, brought with it polymer tantalum capacitor technology, which is new to Vishay. The acquisition of Capella, a Taiwan-based fabless IC design company, brought with it the capability to design ICs for infrared sensors that will considerably strengthen Vishay’s optoelectronics business, particularly in the fast growing market for optical sensors.
In February 2014, Vishay announced its first ever cash dividend to Vishay stockholders. Vishay subsequently announced cash dividends in May, August, and November 2014. This cash dividend program was made possible by Vishay’s historically strong cash generation. Vishay has consistently generated in excess of $100 million in “free cash” (the amount of cash generated from operations in excess of capital expenditures and net of proceeds from the sale of assets) in each of the past nine years.
Looking ahead, Vishay will continue to maintain its strong financial position, invest in R&D, stimulate organic growth, and explore opportunities for acquisitions to further strengthen the Company. Vishay’s leading market position in the global electronics industry and strong financial position lay the groundwork for continued growth that will enable the Company to return value to its stockholders.
I sincerely thank Vishay’s employees, customers, vendors, strategic business partners, and stockholders. Thank you for believing in Vishay.
THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
For Vishay Intertechnology and the entire electronic components industry, 2014, like 2013, was a year in which developments in key market segments, as well as global political and economic events, had an impact on business. Although a strong first half in 2014 was followed by a weaker second half, 2014 was nevertheless a successful year overall for Vishay. The Company achieved organic revenue growth of 4% year over year while its adjusted operating income increased by 14% and adjusted EPS by 16%.
Vishay generated “free cash” (the amount of cash generated from operations in excess of capital expenditures and net of proceeds from the sale of assets) of $143 million during 2014, which represents a continuation of the Company’s good long-term performance. Vishay continues to be a very reliable generator of “free cash.”
During 2014, Vishay continued to expand its sales organization in Asia, particularly in China, by hiring field application engineers to better identify and support customers in industrial market segments. Vishay has started to reap the benefits of this program. The Company fully integrated its MCB Industrie acquisition and started to integrate the Holy Stone Polytech business into its tantalum capacitor division. Vishay will use Capella Microsystems technologies to strengthen and expand its optical sensors business in the industrial and automotive segments. Also in 2014, Vishay finalized its voluntary retirement program.
Consistent with the Company’s Growth Plan, Vishay will continue to invest in manufacturing capacities for key products ahead of demand. Further growth in Asian industrial markets, technological innovation, and the finalization of major cost reduction projects are Vishay’s most important goals.
Let me state quite clearly that, with its extensive product portfolio, wide range of customers in key market segments, and broad geographic footprint in combination with its operational excellence and fixed cost control, Vishay is well positioned for the future.
I thank all Vishay’s employees, customers, vendors, strategic business partners,
and stockholders for their support during 2014, and look forward to continued growth in 2015.
Messages from the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
               MARC ZANDMAN
Executive Chairman of the Board
    DR. GERALD PAUL
Chief Executive Officer
  Vishay Intertechnology
1
