A Message from the Chairman and the CEO

To Our Shareholders, Employees, Customers, and Vendors
Year 2004 was Vishay's best ever operationally, with the exception of year 2000, despite the industry-wide slowdown that began during the middle of 2004. With a book-to-bill ratio of over one for the first months of the current year, we look ahead with confidence. We continue to have a strong cash flow from operations and a strong balance sheet. Vishay announced in November 2004 that I would transfer the CEO position to Dr. Gerald Paul, effective January 1, 2005. As part of this transition, I will continue to serve as Chairman and will assume the new positions of Chief Technical Officer and Chief Business Development Officer. In the two new positions, I will be focusing on mergers and acquisitions (M&A) as I did in the past. In addition, I will coordinate research and development (R&D) activities across all Vishay divisions. The resulting synergies should help in developing new products and new processes. Furthermore, I will head up a new program to acquire innovative start-up companies, mainly in the wireless sector. Dr. Paul, in addition to serving as CEO, will continue to serve as COO, a position held by him since 1996. Reasons for optimism include an aggressive program in 2005 to reduce our annual fixed costs by $50 million, cost savings of $23 million from restructuring efforts in 2004, and ongoing cost reduction programs as usual. Also, in anticipation of increased market demand, we are increasing capacity for our discrete semiconductors. In addition, the launch of our new program to acquire start-up companies in the wireless sector is expected to help insure Vishay's continued growth as the market evolves. Vishay has the resources needed to complete a major acquisition during 2005, should a suitable opportunity arise. We continue as well to look for smaller acquisitions to add technologies and product lines. Year 2004 During 2004, we completed two small acquisitions: the MIC division of Aeroflex and RFWaves. We announced a transaction to acquire SI Technologies (expected to close in the first half of 2005). Our MIC acquisition, like the Electro-Films acquisition in 2000, will further enhance our range of high-precision, thin film products for military and commercial markets. With SI Technologies, we will be continuing to reinforce our position in the transducer, instrumentation, and systems markets. Our acquisition of RFWaves marks the start of Vishay's new program of acquiring innovative start-up companies. During 2004, we continued our restructuring efforts to shift production to low-labor-cost countries. Actions in this regard included closing our assembly and test facility in Colmar, France, and shifting diode and rectifier production from Taiwan to China. We are continuing to increase manufacturing capacity in Asia. By the end of 2004, we had decreased the percentage of our workforce in high-labor-cost countries to 28%. We took steps to increase capacity for semiconductor products, without making any significant capital investments or building new plants. Our majority-owned Siliconix subsidiary signed an outsourcing agreement with Tower Semiconductor for silicon wafers. We also expect to receive 2 a grant from the local state government that will be used to expand the production capacity of the Siliconix-operated chip fabrication facility in Itzehoe, Germany, and begin the transition from 6-inch wafers to more profitable 8-inch wafers. These two moves will enable Siliconix to increase production of its high-cell-density products. During 2004, we launched a new program based on the recently created sales team of field application engineers (FAEs). This team cuts across Vishay product lines to leverage the advantages of our broad product portfolio and increase usage of Vishay components in new customer designs. Vishay's FAE team has made great strides: We now

Dr. Felix Zandman
Chairman of the Board

have an extensive and growing database that allows us to identify new opportunities in key market sectors and increase opportunities to secure design wins for Vishay components. We also continued our very successful Vishay Sample Service Program and Bill of Materials (BOM) Conversion Program. The Sample Service Program provides a single point of contact for customers to obtain free Vishay product samples. Our BOM Conversion Program, staffed by a team of Vishay engineers, involves adding Vishay part numbers next to the existing part numbers of our competitors on the BOMs of our customers, which has increased the number of requests for quotes considerably. Our FAE Program, Sample Service Program, and BOM Conversion Program maximize the advantages of our broad product portfolio by providing "one-stop shop" service to customers. In so doing, they reinforce our worldwide "one face to the customer" initiative. Financial Highlights Sales for the year ended December 31, 2004 were $2,413,576,000 compared to sales of $2,170,597,000 for the year ended December 31, 2003. Net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2004 were $44,696,000 or $0.27 per diluted share, compared with net earnings for the year ended December 31, 2003 of $26,842,000 or $0.17 per VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY

A Message from the Chairman and the CEO

diluted share. Adjusted net earnings for 2004 and 2003 were $103.9 million and $45.2 million respectively, or $0.59 and $0.28 per diluted share. The adjustments are related to restructuring and severance costs, write-downs of fixed assets, and other items. (For more detail about the adjustments, see the table on the inside front cover.) Vishay continued to generate cash from operations during year 2004. For the year ended December 31, 2004, the Company's cash flow from operations was $233.1 million. Purchases of property and equipment for the year ended December 31, 2004 were $158.6 million, and depreciation and amortization for the year ended December 31, 2004

Dr. Gerald Paul

President and Chief Executive Officer

were $202.6 million. Free cash (net cash provided by operating activities minus capital expenditures) generated by Vishay was $74.5 million. Our cash balance at December 31, 2004 was $632.7 million. The long-term debt of Vishay was $752.1 million (substantially all in convertibles) at December 31, 2004, and stockholders' equity was $2,773.3 million, resulting in a debtto-equity ratio of 0.27. Our net debt (long-term debt minus cash) was only $119.4 million. Looking Ahead We have accomplished a smooth transition to a new CEO. Dr. Paul has held management positions at Vishay and at Draloric (acquired by Vishay in 1987) since 1978. As CEO, Dr. Paul will continue to lead the experienced management team that has managed worldwide Company operations, integrated acquired companies and businesses, and enabled Vishay to become a global industry leader. To assure Vishay's future, I carefully designed a succession plan for all key executive functions. The transition to Dr. Paul as Vishay's new CEO is part of this plan for seamless succession. We have an extremely broad product portfolio and diverse markets and customers, all of which provide stability and potential for growth. With the Company's operations remaining in highly capable and experienced hands, we have the VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY

opportunity to explore new areas for growth, while at the same time successfully managing our ongoing business. Exploring new areas for growth will encompass assessing technology trends and market conditions to determine what lies just over the horizon. A key area for Vishay's future growth is wireless technologies. In all the markets we serve, wireless connectivity and wireless communications are integral to new product development. For that reason, Vishay has started a new program to acquire small start-up companies -- primarily in the wireless sector -- with products and technologies that can open up new markets for us. For example, RFWaves brings to Vishay low-cost chipsets that are ideal for use in popular consumer products such as game controllers and high-quality audio and video devices. Furthermore, the platform of this chipset product is applicable to many other areas. Meanwhile, Vishay will continue to explore major acquisition opportunities. As demonstrated in the past by our successful acquisitions of the Semiconductor Business Group of TEMIC (Telefunken and 80.4% of Siliconix), General Semiconductor, and BCcomponents, Vishay has the expertise needed to pursue suitable opportunities for dramatic growth through acquisition. Future acquisitions could be in either the semiconductor or passive component areas. But we aim to expand more in the semiconductor area where organic growth rates and gross margins are higher. We will continue our restructuring efforts in all product areas. We will continue with our very successful FAE Program, Sample Service Program, and BOM Conversion Program. And as always, we will continue to focus on research and development and on introducing new products to gain new markets. As in past years, there are likely to be many challenges in 2005. We are confident that Vishay will surmount these challenges and continue to strengthen our market position, as the Company has done for over four decades. We are grateful to our employees for their loyalty, hard work, inventiveness and dedication. We thank our partners -- customers, vendors, and stockholders -- for their loyalty. Sincerely,

Dr. Felix Zandman Chairman of the Board April 2005

Dr. Gerald Paul President and Chief Executive Officer April 2005 3

