 LETTER FROM THE EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN
 In 2013, Vishay Intertechnology continued to build upon its position as a leader in the global electronics industry and continued to enhance stockholder value. The Company is successfully following its Growth Plan, the foundation of which is its strong financial health.
For the first time in the Company’s history,
Vishay will begin to make quarterly cash dividend payments to its stockholders. Our historically strong cash generation even during economically challenging times enables us to start paying a cash dividend to our stockholders, while also continuing to pursue our Growth Plan, which includes organic growth supplemented by small to mid-size acquisitions.
We are pleased to be in a position to return cash to our stockholders and are proud of the strong financial health of Vishay. From 2010 to 2012, we repurchased 44.3 million shares of our common stock, representing 24% of our shares outstanding before we began this initiative. With the initiation
For manufacturers of electronic components, year 2013 overall was not bad. However, developments in relevant market segments differed from one another. Vishay’s results in this environment
were acceptable. In 2013, Vishay generated
“free cash” (the amount of cash generated from operations in excess of capital expenditures and net of proceeds from the sale of assets) of $144 million. Vishay has consistently generated in excess of $100 million in “free cash” in each of the past eight years.
We defended the level of contributive margin during recent years and also kept increases in fixed costs low while adding technical resources. We remain committed to our Growth Plan, which includes organic growth supplemented by small to mid-size acquisitions.
In October, Vishay announced several cost
reduction programs. These programs include a plan
to enhance the competitiveness of the Company’s
MOSFETs business, and a voluntary separation/
early retirement offer to certain employees
Company-wide. There are also two smaller cost
reduction programs concerning manufacturing within the Company’s diodes business. The programs in total are expected to lower costs by approximately $36 million per year when fully implemented at expected
of a quarterly cash dividend program, we have now taken yet another step in our continuous efforts to enhance stockholder value.
We have also enhanced stockholder value through targeted acquisitions of specialty businesses. In June 2013, Vishay acquired MCB Industrie S.A., a manufacturer of resistors used as motion sensors in avionics, military, and space applications and as power resistors in traction, energy distribution, and various other industrial applications.
The acquisition of MCB Industrie S.A. follows the 2012 acquisition of HiRel Systems and the previous year’s acquisition of Huntington Electric. Vishay will continue to pursue targeted acquisitions of small
to mid-size businesses, while at the same time investing in R&D and stimulating organic growth. I am confident that Vishay’s strong financial health and solid market position will lead to continued growth in 2014 and beyond.
I offer my sincere thanks to Vishay’s employees, customers, vendors, strategic business partners, and stockholders. Thank you for your faith in Vishay.
Marc Zandman
Executive Chairman of the Board
cash costs of approximately $32 million. These programs are in process, and there are plans for further cost reductions.
In case of a real upturn, Vishay is very well positioned. We would benefit from increased capacities in strategic product lines; from having improved market access in the industrial segment in Asia, specifically in China; from increased technical resources; from our broad and innovative product portfolio; and from our strong position with distributors worldwide.
I am grateful to Vishay’s employees, customers, vendors, strategic business partners, and stockholders for their support in 2013 and anticipate further success in 2014.
Dr. Gerald Paul
Chief Executive Officer
   LETTER FROM THE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
   Vishay Intertechnology 1
