To Our Shareholders, Employees, Customers, and Vendors
The second half of 2005 and the beginning of 2006
show substantially better results than the second half of
2004 and beginning of 2005. Thanks to our successful
program to reduce fixed costs and increase productivity,
we improved our profit margin during each successive
quarter of 2005. During 2005 we also continued to
expand capacity for the semiconductor product lines
where we enjoy high demand, and to roll out new and
improved products, thereby providing a solid foundation
for future growth. Our passive component business also
shows better results in many of its product lines. All in
all, the business climate for Vishay looks good.
The Company remains well positioned to make future
acquisitions, thanks to our continued positive cash flow
and strong balance sheet. Our R&D programs continue
to provide new products.
Year 2005
During 2005 we successfully implemented a program
to lower our total fixed costs, resulting in savings of
$44 million. We continued our ongoing cost reduction
activities, which include transferring manufacturing to
low-labor-cost areas, leveraging purchasing, improving
yields, and increasing productivity. As a result of
these activities, and due to the fact that we had
increased sales volume quarter over quarter during the
first, second, and fourth quarters, we increased our
profitability during each successive quarter of 2005 and
compensated for the price decline that is a fact of life in
the electronic component manufacturing sector.
In 2005 we gained control of
00% of Siliconix by
successfully making a tender offer for the
9.6% of
Siliconix shares not previously owned by Vishay. The
merger contributed incrementally to our earnings for 2005.
To meet growing demand for Vishay Siliconix products,
we started to expand production capacity at the wafer
fab in Itzehoe, Germany, where we are making the
transition from 6-inch wafers to 8-inch wafers. The first
8-inch wafers out of the Itzehoe fab have been qualified.
At the same time, we continued to ramp up production
of our industry-leading Vishay Siliconix power MOSFETs
with 300 million transistors per square inch. For all of
2005, we were under capacity constraints for this new
technology, which enjoys strong market demand.
During 2005 Tower Semiconductor started to serve as
a foundry to provide our Siliconix business with silicon
wafers. This is proceeding on schedule, thus further
supporting our capacity expansion.
In addition, we successfully finished the move of our
assembly and test operations for rectifiers to China
during 2005. We continue to expand production capacity
for rectifiers, a product group of which Vishay is the
number-one manufacturer worldwide.
We continued to leverage the advantages of our
broad product portfolio in several ways during 2005.
For example, our design-in team of field application
engineers (FAEs) increased the number of design wins
for Vishay components. Their activity also resulted in
identifying opportunities for future market penetration.
Our broad product line enables us to offer many different
components per design. This means that we are a strong
partner to our customers, because we can offer them
more complete solutions than most of our competitors.
Vishay also continued to expand its Bill of Materials
(BOM) Conversion Program during 2005. Under this
program, Vishay engineers take customer bills of
materials (their “shopping lists” for components) and
add Vishay part numbers next to the part numbers of
our competitors (“crossing”). By crossing competitors’
components with Vishay components, Vishay gets the
opportunity to quote on these components for
pre-existing designs.
Vishay is very active in R&D in each of its product lines.
For example, we introduced a new series of high-current
rectifiers that are the industry’s first Schottky barrier
rectifiers based on Trench MOS technology. They can
handle double the power of competing rectifiers in the
same package size, which represents a technological
breakthrough. Our introduction of these products into
the market was very successful, and we are ramping
up production.
Another important new product line launched during
2005 was power MOSFETs in the PolarPAK®
package,
which uses double-sided cooling to create a more
efficient, faster switching power MOSFET. We have
licensed this technology to STMicroelectronics and
Infineon, and we expect to license it to additional
companies in the future. We believe this will make
PolarPAK®
an industry standard.
We continued during 2005 to expand our product
offering for our highly successful series of Power Metal
Strip®
resistors, IHLP power inductors, and leadless LP
protection devices, all with unique properties that are not
matched by our competitors.
One of Vishay’s greatest strengths is our broad range of
discrete semiconductors and passive components. As a
result, Vishay components are used in virtually all types
of electronic end products made by U.S. and European
companies, as well as many Asian companies. We are
not dependent on only one or two end markets, but
instead serve, to some degree, all electronic end markets.

Financial Highlights
Revenues for the year ended December 3, 2005 were
$2,296.5 million compared to revenues of $2,414.7
million for the year ended December 3, 2004. Net
earnings for the year ended December 3, 2005 were
$62.3 million, or $0.34 per diluted share, compared
with net earnings for the year ended December 3,
2004 of $44.7 million, or $0.27 per diluted share.
Adjusted net earnings for 2005 and 2004 were $92.9
million and $03.9 million respectively, or $0.5
and $0.59 per diluted share. The adjustments are related
to restructuring and severance costs, write-downs of
fixed assets, and other items. (For more detail about the
adjustments, see the table on the inside front cover.)
Vishay continued to generate cash from operations
during 2005. For the year ended December 3, 2005,
the Company’s cash flow from operations was $202.9
million. Purchases of property and equipment for the
year ended December 3, 2005 were $36.7 million,
and depreciation and amortization for the year ended
December 3, 2005 were $88.9 million. Free cash
(net cash provided by operating activities minus capital
expenditures) generated by Vishay was $66.2 million.
Our cash balance, including short-term investments, at
December 3
, 2005 was $632.5 million.
At December 3
, 2005, the long-term debt of Vishay
was $75
.6 million (substantially all in convertibles), and
stockholders’ equity was $2,855.9 million, resulting in
a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.26. Our net debt (long-term
debt minus cash and short-term investments) was only
$9. million. looking ahead
The capacity expansion of semiconductors that took
place at Vishay during 2005 will continue during 2006.
This will help us to meet market demand for our power
MOSFETs, rectifiers, and other components. At the same
time, we will maintain our focus on R&D in order to bring
new products to market. We will continue to roll out
new and improved components to address customer
demands for products with increased functionality and
smaller size.
During 2006 we also will continue to focus on product
innovation. Product innovation was the basis for
founding Vishay 44 years ago, and it continues to be a
driving force for Vishay. In 2006 we will exploit additional
opportunities for synergies between different product
groups. We are in the process of reviewing how to
combine sensors produced in different divisions with
our newly acquired wireless RF technology. Having
these different technologies under one roof creates a
growth opportunity for us. For example, we introduced
a wireless transducer in February 2006. Combining
our transducer and RF technologies to create wireless
transducers is an important breakthrough. Wireless
transducers are ideal for use in aircraft and other
applications where wires present problems associated
with reliability and cost. Vishay’s new wireless transducer
was introduced at recent aircraft trade shows, where it
received excellent receptions.
In addition to pursuing increased market share and
market penetration during 2006, we also will continue
to work to improve margins. Beyond our ongoing
cost reduction activities throughout the Company, we
are implementing a defined plan to increase margins
in underperforming Vishay divisions by measures
specific to these divisions, such as optimized pricing,
accelerated moves of production lines to low-labor-cost
regions, and restructuring.
As always, we will continue to identify and explore
potential acquisitions, both large and small, in
semiconductors and passive components.
We will continue to follow the strategy that has served us
so well in the past. With our broad product portfolio, our
ongoing programs to grow our business, our acquisition
strategy, our continued cost reductions, our introduction
of new products and new technologies, and our solid
financial position, we look ahead with confidence to new
challenges and opportunities.
We are sincerely grateful to our employees for their
commitment to Vishay. We thank our key partners —
customers, vendors and stockholders — for their loyalty.
Sincerely,
Dr. Felix Zandman
Chairman of the Board
April 2006
Dr. Gerald Paul
President and Chief Executive Officer
April 2006