  Kerry Killinger
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Washington Mutual’s 2001 performance clearly demonstrated the financial strength of our company and the hard work of our 42,000-plus talented employees. Though it was a tumultuous year in many respects, especially for our country and the economy, the low interest rate environment, coupled with the strength of Washington Mutual’s business model, led to another record year of profitability. Exceptional revenue and earnings per share (EPS) growth, record loan volume and account openings and – the challenge of a weakening economy notwithstanding – continued sound credit quality were just a few of the highlights of the year. Consequently, we met or exceeded our key financial goals and delivered a shareholder return that exceeded that of our peer group and the market overall.
We are equally proud of the fact that we made significant progress toward our longer-term goal: to be the nation’s leading financial services company for middle-market consumers. In addi- tion to achieving significant internal growth in 2001, we took steps to solidify our top-tier national banking and lending franchises by completing several acquisitions. The acquisition of the mort- gage operations of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and Fleet Mortgage Corp., a unit of Fleet Boston Financial Corp., further strengthened our position among the top mortgage lenders and servicers in the nation. We also expanded our retail presence in Texas and strengthened our Specialty Finance business with the acquisition of Bank United Corp., and announced plans to bring our brand of banking to the greater New York area with the acquisition of Dime Bancorp, Inc., a transaction that was completed early in 2002. Dime’s North American Mortgage Company subsidiary also added significantly to our mortgage operation. In early 2002, we acquired certain operating assets of HomeSide Lending, Inc., the U.S. mortgage unit of the National Australia Bank Limited.
 Brought to you by Global Reports
WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2001 35

 Chairman’s Letter
We have only begun to realize the synergy of bringing these franchises together under the Washington Mutual name, already one of the most recognized brands in our business. Our management team firmly believes that the combination of our customer-centric philosophy, unique strategy and business model, growing brand recognition, innovative ways of serving consumers and ability to successfully integrate acquired companies will be a powerful source of further growth and profitability in the future.
I will discuss our efforts to accelerate our momentum in these areas and the specific progress we made implementing our strategies and achieving our goals, but first let’s recap the highlights of 2001.
HIGHLIGHTS OF 2001
The Washington Mutual team accomplished the following in 2001:
• Reported record earnings of $3.11 billion, or $3.59 per diluted common share, an increase of 52 percent on a per-share basis, from $1.90 billion, or $2.36 per diluted common share in 2000.
• Achieved a 23.53 percent return on average common equity (ROCE), also a record, exceeding our long-term target of more than 20 percent ROCE.
• Produced record loan volume of $174.04 billion, compared with $66.27 billion in 2000, including record volume in single-family residential (SFR) and non-SFR categories.
• Increased noninterest income by 32 percent from the prior year.
• Grew net interest income by 59 percent over the 2000 level, largely due to a much- improved net interest margin resulting from the 475 basis point decrease in short-term interest rates during 2001.
• Added more than one million net new checking accounts.
• Expanded our innovative and highly successful OccasioTM retail store concept into two new growing markets – Phoenix and Atlanta.
• Completed and integrated the acquisitions of Bank United Corp. and the residential mortgage business of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc., and announced and completed the acquisition of Fleet Mortgage Corp.
36 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2001
 Brought to you by Global Reports

 • Announced a merger with Dime Bancorp, Inc. (completed in January 2002), creating a retail banking platform for future growth in the greater New York metropolitan area, the nation’s largest urban market.
• Signed an agreement to acquire certain operating assets of HomeSide Lending, Inc., the U.S. mortgage unit of the National Australia Bank Limited.
• Pledged the largest-ever community commitment of $375 billion over the next ten years, further solidifying our commitment to low- to moderate-income communities across the nation.
ALL LONG-TERM TARGETS MET OR EXCEEDED IN 2001
The accomplishments of 2001 reflect the successful implementation of our strategies, which are designed to achieve our long-term financial targets. These targets, covering the years 2000–2004, not only provide a framework for our actions, they serve as benchmarks each year and demon- strate our progress over time. In 2001, we met or exceeded all of our stated financial targets and delivered a superior total return to our shareholders.
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL TARGETS: 2000–2004 (AVERAGE)
Return on average common equity
Annual growth in EPS
Ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets Efficiency ratio1
Common equity to total assets ratio2
Target
> 20.00% > 13.00 < 1.00 < 45.00 > 5.00
2001 Performance
23.53% 52.12
0.98 43.90 5.89
1 Excludes amortization of goodwill and other intangible assets, includes pre-tax extraordinary item 2 Excludes unrealized net loss on available-for-sale securities and derivatives
The company’s ROCE increased to 23.53 percent in 2001, compared with 21.15 percent in 2000, and again exceeded our stated target of more than 20 percent ROCE. Earnings per share grew 52 percent in 2001, and this brought Washington Mutual’s five-year EPS compounded annual growth rate to 20 percent, significantly higher than our stated goal of 13 percent growth
Chairman’s Letter
 Brought to you by Global Reports
WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2001 37

 Chairman’s Letter
on average over the target five-year period. The ratio of nonperforming assets to total assets was 0.98 percent at the end of 2001, compared with 0.52 percent at year-end 2000. This was within our stated long-term target but up from last year, reflecting the weakened state of the economy. With respect to our operating efficiency ratio, our stated target is for the ratio to be less than 45.00 percent by 2004. In 2001, our efficiency ratio was 43.90 percent, compared with 47.97 percent in 2000. Finally, the common equity to total assets ratio was 5.89 percent at December 31, 2001, compared with 5.24 percent at December 31, 2000. Based on this excellent financial performance, the Board of Directors increased the cash dividend on common stock by one cent in each consecutive quarter of 2001, and declared a 3-for-2 stock split in April.
Our financial targets are typically used to measure shareholder value creation over time, but the ultimate measure of shareholder value creation is total return. Washington Mutual’s five-year total shareholder return through the end of 2001 (assuming the reinvestment of dividends) aver- aged 14.04 percent per year. This performance ranked in the top quartile of the nation’s largest banks and outpaced the Standard & Poor’s 500 and Standard & Poor’s Financial indices. Looking over an even longer period of time, an investment of $100 in Washington Mutual stock in 1991 today is worth $639, including reinvested dividends, compared to $542 for the Standard & Poor’s Financial Index and $338 for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. That represents a compound annual growth rate of 20.36 percent for Washington Mutual over the ten-year period. As we make further progress on strengthening our unique business model, we are committed to continuing to drive value creation and deliver our stated targets in the years ahead.
CONTINUED SUCCESSFUL IMPLEMENTATION OF STRATEGIES
A UNIQUE BUSINESS MODEL
Washington Mutual is unique within the financial services industry. Our philosophy is to select a few business segments in which to build leading market shares and profitable scale. Through the combination of acquisitions and strong internal growth, our focus on middle-market consumers and small- to mid-sized businesses and execution of our business strategies, the company has delivered superior shareholder value over time.
38 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2001
 Brought to you by Global Reports

 While each business unit has its specific strategies for growth, they share in common an approach to delivering financial products and services – Washington Mutual’s brand promise to provide great value with friendly service to all our customers. Our Banking and Financial Services Group attracts hundreds of thousands of new customers each year primarily through our Free Checking account product. Over time, we extend the average number of relationships with our banking customers to five products or services, thereby delivering growth in banking fee income, loans and deposits. Our Home Loans and Insurance Services Group uniquely combines the strengths of a mortgage banker and portfolio lender. As a mortgage banker, we sell in the sec- ondary market most of the fixed-rate loans we originate, while retaining the servicing and more importantly, the customer relationship. As a portfolio lender, we retain the higher-margin and most of the adjustable-rate loans we originate for our own portfolio. The group’s broad array of products and full complement of retail, broker and correspondent distribution channels enables Washington Mutual to be there for its customers with the products and service they require. This “Power of Yes” approach, combined with our “buy and build” strategy, has placed Washington Mutual among America’s leading home lenders. Finally, our still relatively small Specialty Finance Group generates higher margin loans, with an emphasis on multi-family lending where
we are the No. 2 originator in the country.
CREATING A POWERFUL NATIONAL BRAND
Our strategy is to create a powerful national franchise for the Washington Mutual brand, focusing especially on our two leading consumer financial services industry segments – consumer banking and home loans.
Banking and Financial Services
In 2001, Washington Mutual was the No. 1 recognized banking brand in the major metropolitan markets we served. Our average household penetration rate was 22 percent for all markets served. Our mission is to be the bank of choice for middle-market consumers and small- to mid-sized businesses nationwide. Our growth strategies include:
• Attracting new customers through our unique flagship product, Free Checking, and then cross-selling value-added products and services.
Chairman’s Letter
 Brought to you by Global Reports
WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2001 39

 Chairman’s Letter
• Continuously asking consumers what new products and services they want from their bank. As a result of this research, Washington Mutual introduced The Platinum Account in 2001, which contributed a significant portion to the year’s internal deposit growth.
• Continuing to roll out our Occasio retail stores to penetrate attractive new markets and solidify our presence in existing ones.
• Identifying acquisitions that meet Washington Mutual’s rigorous parameters.
In 2001, we successfully implemented these growth strategies. We increased the number of households served by 16 percent, added more than one million net new checking accounts, grew our consumer loan portfolio by $2.47 billion, or 31 percent over 2000, and the company as a whole increased deposits by $27.61 billion, or 35 percent. We expanded our market presence in Nevada, Arizona and Georgia, through new Occasio “stores.” Occasio, Latin for “favorable opportunity,” is our revolutionary concept for delivering financial products and services to con- sumers and small businesses. Our innovative stores are based on concepts used by cutting-edge retailers, with an open, welcoming environment and top-notch customer service to attract new customers. In 2001, we opened over 60 Occasio stores across the country, including those in our new consumer banking markets of Las Vegas, Phoenix and Atlanta. All new financial centers now use the Occasio platform. The stores have, thus far, performed well ahead of expectations. Early in 2001, we expanded our market presence in Texas through the acquisition of Bank United, and with the closing of the Dime Bancorp acquisition early this year, we now have a retail banking presence in the New York metropolitan market. These markets – and others – are prime candi- dates for further expansion through Occasio.
Home Loans and Insurance Services
Our goal is to be the nation’s leading mortgage provider and we expect to accomplish this through the combination of a diversified business model, additional scale, optimizing the number of relationships with each of our customers and driving innovation. In 2001, we made excellent progress toward this goal. Our “buy and build” strategy, highlighted by the acquisitions of the mortgage operations of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. and Fleet Mortgage in 2001,
and continuing with the acquisition of Dime’s North American Mortgage Company subsidiary and
40 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2001
 Brought to you by Global Reports

 certain operating assets of HomeSide Lending completed early this year, led to significant growth in our business. In addition, we are at the top in mortgage brand recognition nationwide. In retrospect, the acquisitions completed in 2001 proved to be exceedingly timely as customer preferences shifted to fixed-rate mortgages in 2001, a strength of the acquired franchises. Loan volume totaled a record $155.79 billion, up 197 percent from $52.39 billion in 2000, and our residential loan servicing portfolio (which includes owned loans with retained servicing) grew significantly, from $186.84 billion in 2000 to $496.70 billion in 2001. Insurance income generated by this business line increased 104 percent to a record level of $100 million.
Our strategy for the mortgage business combines the strengths of portfolio lending with mortgage banking. This strategy generates three income-producing components: spread income from loans held in portfolio; noninterest income generated from gains from current production of mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities (MBS); and fee income from loan servicing.
In 2001, Washington Mutual significantly added to its mortgage banking capability with the addition of the companies we acquired. As previously noted, these companies brought with them additional capability for the origination of fixed-rate residential mortgages, which was advanta- geous given the interest rate environment. The acquisitions also significantly added to our loan servicing portfolio and related mortgage servicing rights (MSRs), which grew from $1.02 billion
at the end of 2000 to $6.24 billion at December 31, 2001.
Lower long-term interest rates spurred record refinancing activity and loan prepayments dur- ing the year, which resulted in an impairment to the value of MSRs of $1.75 billion. However, the lower interest rates also enabled the company to generate record gain from mortgage loans, pri- marily fixed-rate mortgages, of $963 million, up from $262 million the previous year. The strong gain from mortgages, additional gain from the sale of securities, higher net interest income and the liquidation of hedging instruments helped mitigate the adverse effect on the value of MSRs.
We expect that in a rising interest rate environment – just the opposite of what we experi- enced in 2001 – homeowner preference will shift to adjustable-rate mortgages (ARMs). In this kind of environment, our portfolio lending capabilities will facilitate higher growth in the balance sheet, which would help mitigate the effect of compression in the net interest margin. In addition, rising interest rates will tend to increase the value of MSRs and produce higher fee income from loan servicing.
Chairman’s Letter
 Brought to you by Global Reports
WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2001 41

 Chairman’s Letter
Specialty Finance
Our Specialty Finance Group is a primary driver of higher-margin commercial real estate loans. The group provides real estate secured financing, primarily for multi-family properties, but also provides other commercial real estate lending and residential builder construction financing as part of its secured financing activities. The group also offers mortgage banker financing and conducts a consumer finance business through Washington Mutual Finance.
Although multi-family and SFR builder construction loan volume increased 53 percent for the year as a result of the Bank United acquisition, as the year progressed we intentionally limited growth in the other commercial real estate portfolios, including healthcare loans, as a result of the weakening economy. We anticipate modest loan growth in 2002, assuming an improved economy, due to our increased focus on multi-family lending.
FINANCIAL STRATEGIES
Washington Mutual’s financial strategies provide the framework and discipline to support imple- mentation of our business initiatives, while delivering superior results over time. These strategies are to:
• Reduce interest rate risk over time by gradually remixing the balance sheet with assets offering higher margins and by diversifying revenues.
• Effectively deploy capital through asset growth, selective acquisitions and share repurchase to consistently produce at least a 20 percent return on common equity.
• Maintain above-average credit quality by carefully managing credit risk throughout the economic cycle.
• Improve operating efficiency.
Reduce interest rate risk
Our long-term goal is to reduce the impact of interest rate volatility by remixing the balance sheet with a higher proportion of higher yielding and less rate-sensitive consumer and specialty mortgage loans, and commercial loans. By the end of 2001, residential loans and mortgage- backed securities represented 69 percent of total loans and MBS, down from 81 percent two years ago, demonstrating progress toward our goal. The second part of the strategy is to
42 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2001
 Brought to you by Global Reports

 continue to diversify revenue sources by growing checking accounts and related fee-based serv- ices, as well as income from insurance and securities commissions and our mortgage banking operations (gain on mortgages and loan servicing).
Effectively deploy capital, consistent with a 20 percent ROCE
Washington Mutual generates substantial capital from core operations and we are committed
to fully deploying this capital over the course of the business cycle. Our three options for capital deployment are balance sheet growth, acquisitions that meet our criteria and share repurchase.
In the 2001 interest rate environment, organic balance sheet growth slowed because of customer preference for fixed-rate mortgages, which, as noted, we tend to sell on the secondary market. However, when interest rates begin to rise, customer preferences will likely shift to ARMs, which the company prefers to retain in portfolio. We are always looking for potential acquisitions that meet our criteria and were fortunate to identify several in 2001. Acquisitions must be projected to be accretive to EPS within a reasonable time period, be consistent with our business strategies, present no undue operational risk and pose minimal material risk to our asset quality. Finally, at appropriate valuation levels, share repurchase presents an excellent alternative for capital deploy- ment. During 2001, we repurchased a total of 7.3 million shares at an average price of $31.65.
Maintain above-average credit quality
Washington Mutual’s credit quality remains sound and consistent with our expectations given the economic slowdown in 2001. As already noted, our nonperforming assets to total assets ratio was 0.98 percent at the end of 2001, up significantly from a year ago, reflecting the progressively weakening economy during the year, but within our long-term target of less than 1.00 percent. Our senior credit officers and their teams are experienced and knowledgeable in their specific businesses and anticipated from the outset of 2001 that even greater diligence and discipline would be required during the year. Because of the composition of our loan portfolio, of which approximately 70 percent represents single-family residential loans, our loan loss reserve gener- ally has a higher correlation with anticipated loan charge-offs than with growth in nonperforming assets. SFR loans historically have had much lower charge-off rates than commercial loans.
Chairman’s Letter
 Brought to you by Global Reports
WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2001 43

 Chairman’s Letter
Improve operating efficiency
It is our strategy to build scale and market share and invest in technology in our key businesses to gain efficiencies that enhance both customer service and productivity. Through a combination of internal growth and acquisitions over the last few years – 2001 being an excellent example – Washington Mutual has significantly increased scale and today is one of the most efficient com- panies among the nation’s largest financial institutions. In 2002, our focus will be on integrating the acquisitions announced or completed in 2001 and further leveraging the synergies we have envisioned for the longer term.
COMMUNITY COMMITMENT
Our team is driven to be the nation’s leading financial services company for middle-market con- sumers, so it is only fitting that our efforts to make our communities better places to live and work reflect a similar commitment. Grassroots community involvement has been a tradition throughout Washington Mutual’s history, and 2001 was no exception. Our company announced a new pledge of $375 billion in support of low- to moderate-income communities over the next ten years. In addition, Washington Mutual provided direct financial support to nonprofit organizations – more than $50 million in grants, sponsorships and in-kind services and equipment that made a differ- ence in our communities. While financial contributions certainly are an important part of helping our communities, so is the personal involvement of our employees. I am equally proud of the fact that our employees volunteered nearly 200,000 hours to schools, affordable housing organiza- tions and other community partners during work time. They volunteered thousands of additional hours of their own personal time. In short, Washington Mutual and our employees continue to be leaders in making a difference in the communities where we live, work and do business.
 44 WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2001
Brought to you by Global Reports

 LOOKING AHEAD
We expect to deliver another strong year of profitability and view 2002 as a great opportunity to concentrate on gaining efficiencies in our two largest businesses – Banking and Financial Services and Home Loans and Insurance Services. Our focus will center on bringing together our recently acquired franchises and ensuring a successful transition for the new employees who are now a part of the Washington Mutual family. However, we will not forget the importance of continuing the strong internal growth our team has produced in recent years. We also will continue to closely monitor the national economy and exercise caution in our credit quality decisions.
Our management team is committed to building a world-class company and powerful national brand franchise. We believe that all world-class companies have in common the following charac- teristics: above-average EPS growth; market leadership in key businesses; superior growth in new customers, as well as high levels of customer satisfaction and retention; and strong intangible assets, including a powerful brand, a track record of successful acquisition integration and manage- ment depth and breadth. The entire Washington Mutual team is aligned and focused on further strengthening these qualities within our company so that we can continue to deliver superior long-term return as a much larger company. I thank our employees and you, our shareholders,
for your continued commitment and support.
Sincerely,
Kerry Killinger
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
For a more complete discussion of Washington Mutual, Inc., investors are strongly encouraged to read the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2001, which accompanies this Summary Annual Report.
Chairman’s Letter
  Brought to you by Global Reports
WASHINGTON MUTUAL, INC. 2001 45
