 Putting it into context. At the end of 2006, we anticipated a chal- lenging environment ahead. But no one predicted how dramatically the housing and financial markets would change in 2007.
It’s important to understand that our business is cyclical. We are impacted by the recurring and fluctuating levels of economic activity over long periods of time. These cycles come and go. Today, the sharply declining housing market is working against us. A couple of years ago, the housing cycle was at a high point.
We expected a downturn in 2007, but it hit with much more severe consequences for the industry than anyone anticipated. Over the course of my 30-plus years in banking and finance, including 18 years as CEO of WaMu, I have managed through many cycles. But this is the most difficult period I have seen for the housing market, and WaMu in particular.
A Difficult Environment
Any discussion of 2007 must begin with the severe and dramatic correction in the housing market and how it has impacted the financial services industry.
For several years, housing growth and price appreciation increased at a high rate in this country, with annual home appreciation reach- ing a high of 20 percent in 2004. Many in the industry anticipated a housing correction,
but most predicted that continued economic growth, low unemployment and historically low interest rates would soften the impact. We expected a correction characterized by slowing or no growth in home price appreciation over a period of a few years.
 20% Peak
6x
 2002
0.6%
-9.8%
2007
Home Price Appreciation
Sources: GDP—Bureau of Economic Analysis; HPA—S&P/Case-Shiller® 10-City Composite Index as of 12/31/07.
Gross Domestic Product
Year-over-year growth in home prices reached a peak in 2004 at 20 percent.
  Global Reports LLC
Home Price Declines

Instead, after several years of double-digit price appreciation, home values in most parts of the country actually declined in the second half of 2007. And by the end of 2007, home price appreciation was negative nationally,
a phenomenon we hadn’t seen since the Great Depression.
Housing inventories, a leading indicator in the housing market, increased pressure on home prices even further. Existing inventories of unsold homes are at 18-year highs. Historically, there has been about a six-month supply of single-family homes on the market. That number is now around 10 months nationally. In California, where we have a significant presence, it is about 15 months.
The housing downturn is putting severe pressure on our credit costs. We face rising delinquencies, especially on loans with high loan-to-value ratios. While less than 20 percent of residential loans in our portfolio at year
end were originated with loan-to-value ratios greater than 80 percent, declining housing prices in many markets increased our nonper- forming assets and associated charge-offs
2|3 WaMu Global Reports LLC
to unusually high levels. This in turn led to substantial increases in loan loss provisions in order to build our allowance for loan losses.
Credit concerns also led to a significant decline in the availability of mortgage financing from the secondary markets during 2007. For several years, the capital markets’ appetite for mortgage-backed securities was seemingly unlimited. Liquidity in the secondary markets was extraordinary. Then in August, as the markets saw credit costs across the industry rising well above their expectations, liquidity suddenly evaporated. This severely limited mortgage financing opportunities for noncon- forming and subprime borrowers. Moreover, lenders had to keep loans on their balance sheets that they would have sold under differ- ent market conditions, putting pressure on capital ratios.
As a result, over 200 mortgage lenders are no longer in business, including eight of the largest monoline mortgage originators.
Yes, the turmoil in housing is hitting us hard. But WaMu is much more than a mortgage lender—we are a diversified retail bank focus- ing on consumers and small businesses.

Global Reports LLC
A Tough Time for Consumers
Even though this is a tough environment for WaMu and our industry, it is also a very tough environment for our country. Unemployment is rising nationally, a recession could be coming and consumers are having trouble making ends meet, whether it’s payments on their mortgages, their credit cards or even paying for basic necessities.
This is a time when people need their banks to work with them, and I’m proud of how we’ve done that at WaMu. We were one of the first companies to step up to the plate with financial assistance for customers in trouble. We want to keep as many people as possible in their homes.
In 2007, we helped more than 35,000 custom- ers avoid foreclosure and stay in their homes through loan modifications and other forms
of assistance. And we continue to work with community groups and others to counsel borrowers on the alternatives available to avoid foreclosure.
Earlier this year, WaMu and the other lenders of the HOPE NOW alliance launched Project Lifeline, a broad, nationwide initiative. The
program involves targeted outreach to seri- ously delinquent homeowners currently at the greatest risk of losing their homes and employs multiple strategies to help prevent avoidable foreclosures. While HOPE NOW and Project Lifeline are just a part of the solution, we hope that the program will provide a blueprint the rest of the industry will adopt.
It is also a time to stop trying to fix the blame for the housing crisis and start trying to fix the problem. There’s no “silver bullet” to solve the housing problems our country is facing, but there are a lot of incremental steps that can help.
We are working hard with the Administration, Congress, state and local officials, trade groups and community partners to help stabilize
the housing market. We are supportive of the recently passed economic stimulus package, the temporary increase in conforming loan limits and Federal Reserve actions to lower interest rates.
However, we believe a more aggressive approach of providing funding, incentives and liquidity by federal, state and local
2007 Annual Report and Form 10-K

governments is required. The current housing crisis is real and it is adversely affecting com- munities and families. There is perhaps no more important domestic policy issue facing our political leaders today.
I should also add that part of the solution must be an increase in consumer confidence. Many qualified buyers today are sitting on the side- lines. They may be waiting for lower interest rates or for home prices to decline. But at some point, confidence will increase and consumers will take advantage of historically low interest rates and relatively large supplies of homes
for sale.
Our Response
As I reported in my letter last year, we took significant and decisive actions throughout 2006 to improve our operating cost structure, reposition our balance sheet, diversify our capital base and otherwise position the com- pany for solid financial performance in 2007.
We thought we had taken the steps necessary to continue to perform satisfactorily during
4|5 WaMu Global Reports LLC
what we expected would be a more difficult interest rate and operating environment. During the first half of 2007, our performance was in line with our expectations. However, the mortgage market took a sudden and dra- matic turn for the worse in the third quarter.
With the resulting credit dislocation and reduced liquidity in the capital markets, we expect national mortgage originations to shrink substantially in 2008. So while we remain committed to providing mortgage products to our customers, we substantially adjusted and resized our Home Loans business in 2007 and significantly reduced corporate support expenses.
Last December, we announced that we would discontinue all remaining lending through our subprime mortgage channel, close more than half of our 336 home loans centers and sales offices, close nine home loans processing and call centers, and eliminate approximately 2,600 Home Loans and 550 other support positions. We also announced we would initi- ate closure of our institutional broker-dealer

business, as well as wind down our mortgage banker finance warehouse lending operation. We also said that we will work to better align our Home Loans business with our retail strat- egy, providing more mortgages through our stores and other retail distribution channels.
We made the strategic decision to avoid or significantly limit our exposure to many high- risk asset categories. For example, we have not invested in asset-backed commercial paper, structured investment vehicles, structured product CDOs or similar arbitrage vehicles you may have read about in the press. The poor performance and illiquidity of these types of investments cost many of the major banks and investment firms billions of dollars in writedowns in 2007.
We also took important steps to strengthen the company’s capital and liquidity, issuing convertible preferred stock to raise $2.9 billion of new capital. This increased our year-end tangible capital ratio to 6.67 percent, or
$3.7 billion above our targeted ratio of greater than 5.50 percent.
In addition to our current capital position,
we also have adequate liquidity. In short, that means we have the supply of cash on hand and other funding that we need to keep our business running.
These actions, together with the significant expense reductions we made in 2007, will help us address the continued difficult condi- tions we anticipate in the credit and housing markets in 2008.
$3.7B Excess Capital
     Global Reports LLC
Target
>5.50% 6.67%
At 12/31/07, our tangible equity- to-tangible assets ratio was 6.67 percent and we had
Capital Position
$3.7 billion of capital in excess of our target ratio of more than 5.50 percent. This provides us with capital to help us manage through the current difficult market conditions.
Actual
2007 Annual Report and Form 10-K

Performance in 2007. Our financial results reflect this period of extreme stress and turmoil for the mortgage and credit markets.
As I mentioned, the actions we took and the preparations we made served us well during the first half of the year. In each of the first two quarters of the year, we delivered growth in net income and earnings per share. We were executing on our business plan and the economy was humming along. We had successfully reduced expenses with our productivity efforts. And while credit costs were creeping up, we had expected that, along with the slowing housing market.
Beginning in the second half of the year, we saw a period of extreme disruption in the financial markets accompanied by a significant deterioration of mortgage-related credit. We earned a profit in the third quarter, but due
to a sizable increase in nonperforming assets and charge-offs, we had to substantially boost our loan loss provision, bringing our earnings down as a result.
These conditions continued into the fourth quarter when the lack of liquidity in the second- ary market led to valuation losses and further elevated provisioning for loan losses.
6|7 WaMu Global Reports LLC
As a result of the fundamental shift in the mortgage market, we also incurred a fourth quarter after-tax charge of approximately $1.6 billion for the writedown of all the goodwill associated with our Home Loans business. This non-cash charge did not affect the company’s tangible or regulatory
Net Income
Earnings Per Share
$784M
1Q ’07
$0.86
$830M
2Q ’07
$0.92
$186M
3Q ’07
$0.20
($1,867M)
     Quarterly Results Following solid performance in
the first and second quarters, an increase in our loan loss provision led to much lower earnings in the third quarter. An after-tax charge to writedown Home Loans goodwill
of $1.6 billion, combined with a higher loan loss provision, led to a substantial loss in the fourth quarter.
4Q ’07
($2.19)

capital or liquidity, but as a result, we reported a loss for both the fourth quarter and the full year.
Clearly our financial results in 2007 were disappointing, and as CEO, I take responsibil- ity. And although the environment remains extremely difficult, we are focused on success- fully working our way through it.
Our current view is that the adverse conditions in the credit and housing markets will persist through 2008 or longer. As the mortgage markets continue to deteriorate and housing prices decline further, we expect delinquen- cies and charge-offs in our loan portfolio will continue to grow. The slowing economy is also causing credit card losses to increase. As
a result, we will need to significantly increase our provision for loan losses.
Recent aggressive Federal Reserve actions to lower short-term interest rates will likely lead to an expansion in our net interest margin in 2008. This should help our net interest income, but the elevated level of credit costs will have a significant impact on our financial results for the year.
Our seasoned management team is hard at work on these challenges. I have confidence
in my management team, but make no mistake, this is and will continue to be a very challenging period for our company. But I can tell you that we are all committed to seeing our company through this difficult time and finding a way to deliver superior shareholder returns to you.
Normally, I would point to our long-term track record for delivering superior share- holder returns and highlight our total return to shareholders since our public offering.
I would also discuss our performance on our current five-year plan.
I do still believe the financial targets in our current five-year plan would be appropriate and achievable within the context of a more typical environment. Given the current disruption and uncertainty in the industry, we recognize that these targets are probably not achievable in the near-term, but we
will continue to strive to achieve all of these targets when credit costs return to more normalized levels.
 Global Reports LLC
2007 Annual Report and Form 10-K

The total return chart is certainly not as impressive as in prior years, but despite our depressed stock price at year end, we still managed a long-term return above that of the S&P 500 and S&P Financials. While I cannot make predictions or promises about our stock price, I can assure you that management and
the board are diligently working on improving shareholder returns. We believe the best way to improve shareholder returns is to aggres- sively address our short-term challenges, while executing on our long-term vision to
be the national leader in consumer and small business banking.
  WaMu
$241,606
S&P 500
$181,698
S&P 500 Financials $180,150
     83 84 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07
Shareholder Return Impacted by Recent Stock Price Performance A $10,000 investment in 1983 is now worth just over $241,000. Assumes an initial investment of $10,000 at 3/31/83 when WaMu went public and reinvestment of dividends through 12/31/07.
Source: Standard & Poor’s
8|9 WaMu Global Reports LLC

Global Reports LLC
A unique retail-driven franchise. Our unique retail-driven franchise is at the center of our business strategies. It is the key to our success— past, present and future.
More and more, we are delivering products to our customers through our retail channels—our stores, wamu.com, our telephone bankers, our ATMs and direct mail.
We have worked hard over the years to build a unique, retail-driven franchise that provides solid revenue streams independent of housing market cycles. Although mortgage lending was unquestionably the dominant issue of 2007, I am pleased to report that WaMu’s other businesses all performed well, despite the impact of rising credit costs that have affected the entire business.
Our diverse revenue streams—with 59 percent of our revenue coming from retail banking,
21 percent from our credit card business,
14 percent from home loans and 6 percent from commercial lending—will play a key role in our long-term success. This was never more evident than during our particularly difficult fourth quarter last year. Revenues remained solid, demonstrating the strong earnings potential of our company once the housing and credit markets stabilize.
A Leading Consumer and Small Business Bank
Our vision to be a national leader in consumer and small business banking has not changed. From the very beginning, we’ve been commit- ted to serving everyday people.
Every day, we promise our customers that we will go the extra mile to deliver simpler banking and more smiles—and every day,
 59%
 21%
 14%
 6%
n Retail Banking n Card Services n Home Loans Sources of Revenue in 2007
n Commercial
2007 Annual Report and Form 10-K

we deliver on that promise. Our commitment to providing consistent, distinctive and effective customer service will enable us to reach our ambitious service leader goal: to be No. 1 with the highest customer satisfaction rating of the major banks by 2009. We are already well
on our way.
In 2007, we received the “Highest in Customer Satisfaction with Retail Banking in the Midwest and West/Pacific” from J.D. Power and Associates in its proprietary Retail Banking Satisfaction StudySM. We were the only bank
to take the top spot in more than one region.
BusinessWeek magazine also named us “A Top 25 Service Champ.” We were the only bank to make the list in 2007.
And WaMu was judged by consumers to be the most highly regarded banking company in the United States, based on corporate reputation. According to the Reputation Institute, WaMu commanded the highest score of all banking companies and was
the only bank included in the list of top 50 corporate reputations.
10 | 11 WaMu Global Reports LLC
We also recently launched a new marketing campaign which reinforces our brand. It showcases the strength of our retail-driven business and customer service, highlighting the attractive, innovative products offered through our retail and online channels.
“Highest in Customer Satisfaction with Retail Banking in the Midwest and West/Pacific” WaMu received
the highest numerical score among retail banks in the West (CA, OR, WA) and the Midwest (IL, IN, MI, MN, MO, OH, WI) in the proprietary J.D. Power and Associates 2007 Retail Banking Satisfaction StudySM.
 
Global Reports LLC
Underlying Performance
We had some other great accomplishments during the year. We opened more than
one million net new checking accounts and expanded our number of retail banking households to nearly 10 million. We improved our retail cross-sell ratio to 7.2 products and services per customer.
We will also continue investing in retail fran- chise growth in 2008. We plan to open 100 to 150 new stores in our existing markets,
a key strategy for increasing households and growing new checking accounts. We will sustain and strengthen our store network by focusing our resources in locations with the greatest profit potential. This will require continual evaluation of our network perfor- mance to ensure stores are meeting goals and operating efficiently, and we will close under- performing stores that lack the underlying drivers to support profitable growth. Our goal is to open another one million net new check- ing accounts in 2008.
Our credit card business had a strong year, growing to more than 12.4 million customer accounts and $27.2 billion in managed
receivables. We’ll continue to expand that business by taking advantage of the cross-selling opportunities and marketing capabilities of our successful and profitable retail franchise.
Our commercial lending business continued to deliver terrific results as well. WaMu remains No. 1 in the industry—by a significant margin—in multi-family lending.
Our Home Loans business was hampered by the deteriorating market but did a lot of hard work both to reshape its business to current conditions and to position the business for better results in the future.
We believe the best way to create franchise value is to continue growing those businesses that directly touch our retail consumer and small business banking customers. Our strategy is proven and straightforward: We will grow our checking account base by one million net new accounts per year through expanded store and online distribution, sell each of those cus- tomers seven or more products and services, and deliver industry-leading service.
2007 Annual Report and Form 10-K

Living our values. Every WaMulian knows that we must give our all to help navigate through a challenging 2008.
In everything we do, we will remain true to our brand and values. Our values—to be fair, caring, human, dynamic and driven—are the fabric of this company. They give us strength and resil- ience that you cannot put a price on, and they provide a constant guide during difficult times.
Looking back over all my years in the financial services industry, there has never been one quite like 2007. It’s been challenging, difficult and painful. Yet in many ways, these times have brought out the best in our people. WaMulians across the company stepped up
to meet these challenges head on. I could not be more proud of their commitment to our values and to our company’s success.
The Road Ahead
our business—our outstanding retail franchise, our award-winning customer service and our unique and powerful brand.
I have been with WaMu for 31 years. I love this company. Throughout my time here, I have seen the company deal with adversity and many difficult cycles. It has emerged from each of these periods a stronger company. I believe in WaMu and its great people.
But getting through this difficult time will
be a marathon, not a sprint—and we have to pace ourselves and stay focused on the finish line. I believe if we do that, we will end 2008 stronger, tougher and better prepared to realize our goal of becoming the nation’s leading consumer and small business bank.
Sincerely,
Kerry Killinger
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2008
2007 can be characterized as a year of responding to change. 2008 will be an even more challenging period as we expect to feel the effects of very weak housing conditions and extraordinarily high loan loss provisioning.
In this challenging environment, it is very important that we maintain appropriate capital and good sources of liquidity, but we also need to continue to invest in the core strengths of
12 | 13 WaMu Global Reports LLC
 