06

Alliance Boots | Annual Report 2012/13

Overview

Executive Chairman's statement
A transformational year for Alliance Boots.
Against the backdrop of this major corporate activity, which has absorbed significant management time, and the continuing challenging market conditions prevalent across the world, we have again delivered a double digit growth in underlying profit (after tax). This increase, in the profit measure we are focusing on post the Walgreens transaction, was almost all organic, with both our Divisions delivering good profit growth. In addition, we have again generated a strong operating cash flow, enabling us to substantially reduce net borrowings. During the year, we also extended our existing loan maturities by two to three years at attractive rates, more than two and a half years before the majority matured, in line with our prudent and active capital management policy. This further strengthens the Group's financial position. The markets in which we operate are not straightforward, technical factors that control costs and move value within markets often obscuring what is actually happening. The underlying trends in healthcare remain unchanged, with demographic and social pressures continuing to drive demand for healthcare and medicines while payers continue to attempt to constrain overall costs. These trends continue to drive demand for generic medicines and for high quality services delivered to local communities, both of which we are ideally placed to meet. Our ability to deliver good financial results, while at the same time establishing the new strategic partnerships that have created more value than ever before in a single year, is a great testament to the strength and dedication of our senior management team. They have again proved they understand their markets well, and are uniquely able to lead transformation in our industry. Health & Beauty Division In 2012/13, the Health & Beauty Division delivered a good overall performance, despite tough retail markets across Europe and further regulatory pressures which impacted dispensing profitability. The UK profit performance was particularly good due to a strong retail product mix, effective margin management and tight cost controls. Good progress was made in growing sales and profitability in Asia and North America, which was more than offset by a disappointing performance across our European markets, these being impacted to varying degrees by a number of factors.

Stefano Pessina Executive Chairman

Introduction It is with great pride that I share with you the Alliance Boots results for 2012/13, in what has been a transformational year for the Group, due to our exciting new strategic partnership with Walgreen Co. (`Walgreens'), the largest retail drugstore chain in the US. This is being further strengthened by our recent joint agreement to partner with AmerisourceBergen, which will enable AmerisourceBergen to become the largest pharmaceutical wholesaler in the US.

Underlying profit (after tax)
£million

805 714 617 635

252

08/09

09/10

10/11

11/12

12/13



Alliance Boots | Annual Report 2012/13

07

The executive team From left to right: George Fairweather Group Finance Director Alex Gourlay Chief Executive, Health & Beauty Division Stefano Pessina Executive Chairman Ornella Barra Chief Executive, Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division Marco Pagni Group Legal Counsel & Chief Administrative Officer

Strategic partnerships Partnership has always been one of our core values and is the reason why we have the word "alliance" in our Group's name. The strategic partnership with Walgreens announced in June 2012 is central to our ambitions, the first step being Walgreens initial investment in Alliance Boots in August 2012. This is the largest partnership in our history and when, as we expect, Walgreens exercises its option to fully merge with Alliance Boots, it will enable us to realise our ambition to become the first global pharmacy-led, health and wellbeing enterprise. This transaction brings together two great companies with iconic brands, complementary geographic footprints, shared values and a heritage of trusted healthcare services, through pharmaceutical wholesaling and community pharmacy care, dating back over 100 years. It will provide us with significant synergies, enabling us to strengthen our core business areas, accelerate our strategy and achieve our joint vision for the future. Since August 2012, good progress has been made towards delivering the joint synergy programme, which we are on track to deliver. This includes the establishment of Walgreens Boots Alliance Development, a new joint venture in Switzerland where a team formed from secondees from both companies is fully operational and delivering initial synergies.

Outlook Looking forward, we expect the economic environment to remain difficult with ongoing pressure on both consumer and governmental expenditure. This macro-economic backdrop will generate challenges but also create new opportunities for us to pursue. We continue to be confident about our prospects and ability to pursue profitable growth, organically, from our synergy programmes and through international expansion. Our strong operating cash flow and secure funding arrangements will also enable us to continue to invest for the future while at the same time substantially reducing net borrowings. In a world where globalisation is increasing at a pace, our transformational partnerships put us together in a unique position to become the clear world leader in both pharmacy and pharmaceutical wholesaling. I truly believe that we have the brands, intellectual capital and, most importantly, the management expertise to create value for our stakeholders across the world for many years ahead. Stefano Pessina Executive Chairman 13 May 2013

In addition, in February 2013, we extended our hearingcare partnership with Sonova through a 49% minority investment in its UK subsidiary that operates Boots hearingcare practices across the UK. Corporate social responsibility The Group's commitment to corporate social responsibility is as strong as ever, both in terms of performance and reporting. Our objective of building a sustainable world leading group and making healthcare even more accessible to the communities we serve is unchanged. Through partnerships we are able to further help the communities we serve every day, including our Group partnership with the EORTC Charitable Trust, to develop new and better treatments for cancer, and the Boots partnership with Macmillan Cancer Support in the UK. As in previous years, we will publish our detailed Corporate Social Responsibility Report in September, which, as usual, will include an independent assurance report issued by KPMG.

Stefano Pessina discusses Alliance Boots "transformational year" online at www.allianceboots.com

Additional information

Consolidated financial statements

Governance

Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division The Pharmaceutical Wholesale Division similarly delivered a good overall performance, despite challenging market conditions in many countries. Profit growth was almost all organic, reflecting our strong customer offering for both manufacturers and independent pharmacies, combined with tight cost controls. Performance was particularly strong in our key markets in Northern Europe. In January 2013, we achieved full ownership of ANZAG, which was subsequently delisted from the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.

To align our interests, two Alliance Boots Directors, Dominic Murphy and myself, were appointed to the Walgreens Board and Gregory Wasson, President and Chief Executive Officer of Walgreens, and three of his executive colleagues, Wade Miquelon, Thomas Sabatino and Robert Zimmerman, joined our own Board. In March 2013, we together with Walgreens announced a long term partnership with AmerisourceBergen, one of the largest pharmaceutical wholesalers in the US. Walgreens will expand its existing relationship into a 10-year agreement with AmerisourceBergen for pharmaceutical distribution, all three companies will collaborate on global supply chain opportunities and, together, Walgreens and Alliance Boots have rights to acquire a minority equity position in AmerisourceBergen, including through valuable warrants to be issued when the transaction completes.

Our people On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank people across the Group for their dedication and excellent work throughout the year. Their efforts have enabled us to achieve another strong financial performance whilst delivering consistently high levels of patient and customer service. Our people are at the heart of everything we do and it is through clear leadership combined with great teamwork that we have been able to deliver such consistently good results.

Business review

Overview

