Dear Stockholders

James A. Skinner (right) Executive Chairman Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. and Stefano Pessina Executive Vice Chairman and Acting Chief Executive Officer Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.

"A new enterprise, a new era, a new opportunity"
This was an historic and pivotal period for two iconic companies--Walgreens and Alliance Boots --as we completed our strategic combination to establish Walgreens Boots Alliance on 31 December 2014, forging a new company, the world's first global, pharmacy-led health and wellbeing enterprise. As our two companies continue to build on legacies that each span more than a century, we are even more excited about our joint future together thanks to the significant opportunity for our new company to benefit all stakeholders and revolutionize our industry. We believe the new global enterprise created by the Walgreens Boots Alliance strategic combination is unique, unprecedented and unrivaled in important respects in the global marketplace. It is unique in that our new enterprise combines complementary geographies, wholesale and retail business, global scale with local roots, and an outstanding blend of business-to-consumer and business-to-business brands. It is unprecedented in that, through this industry "first," we will have opportunities to achieve many other firsts that promise to advance the health and wellbeing of people around the world. Our new enterprise is also unrivaled given our scale, size and reach, spanning over 25 countries, employing more than 370,000 people, providing health and wellbeing products through 12,800 health and beauty stores, and delivering to clients from 340 distribution centers (as at 30 November 2014 including equity method investments). Add to this our outstanding service and product brand portfolio and it is clear that our new enterprise is positioned at the forefront of our industry. This equips us well to truly become a global healthcare champion helping people across the world lead healthier and happier lives. A shared heritage and greater future What also makes Walgreens Boots Alliance unrivaled is our convergence of three great success stories--Walgreens, Boots and Alliance Healthcare. The Walgreens story began through the vision and mission of Charles Walgreen Sr., who opened a single corner drugstore in Chicago in 1901 with the purpose of making healthcare more accessible for his community. Similarly for Boots, the story began with John Boot, who founded his business in Nottingham, England in 1849. For Alliance Healthcare, most of our wholesale businesses started in the 19th century in France, The Netherlands and Germany, and in the U.K. and Spain in the first half of the 20th century. All our businesses share deep roots in the history and evolution of healthcare. Beyond our origins, Walgreens Boots Alliance is also the result of contemporary achievements. Through the two-step strategic combination we launched in June 2012 and completed in December 2014, our gradual coming together has enabled our companies to learn more about

"Partnership is absolutely integral to how we run our company and interact with stakeholders and other organizations, and is the true cornerstone of our long-term success."
each other, develop strong links and produce substantial combined synergies even before fully coming together as a new combined company. Our identity and core values Above all, Walgreens Boots Alliance is defined by our potential for the future. With a presence across the world, we are now a global company, with three divisions and reportable business segments--Retail Pharmacy USA, Retail Pharmacy International and Pharmaceutical Wholesale--interacting with millions of people across five continents. That makes us one of the largest healthcare providers in the world. We have been building a global enterprise because it is the most effective way to achieve our vision of becoming the first choice for pharmacy, wellbeing and beauty--caring for people and communities around the world. Global reach is also the most straightforward route for accomplishing our purpose to help people everywhere lead healthier and happier lives and at the same time to generate substantial-- and sustainable--benefits for local markets and all stakeholders. Our considerable economies of scale and synergies, increased operational efficiency and operating results will allow us to invest in our businesses and brands, as well as reward our people, customers and stockholders. Importantly, we are focused on developing a truly shared culture--one based on our core values of trust, care, innovation and dedication, and underpinned by our most important value of all, partnership. Partnership is absolutely integral to how we run our company and interact with stakeholders and other organizations, and is the true cornerstone of our long-term success. Partnership is the way to overcome differences and turn them into positive dynamics, and bring people together in a constructive way--because success is only sustainable when there is real buy-in from all. It is no coincidence that "alliance" is in our name. We are confident that, based on our core values, our new shared culture will engage all teams on the same journey, whatever their markets, languages, countries, backgrounds and expertise. Walgreens Boots Alliance will be a global and vibrant melting pot with a strong feeling of pride and belonging across the enterprise. Executive leadership Leading Walgreens Boots Alliance is a superior senior management team. This team blends talented, experienced, effective leaders from each of our companies, as well as new individuals bringing broad, fresh perspectives and unmatched expertise from the USA, the UK and beyond. Our business leaders are Alex Gourlay, President of Walgreens; Simon Roberts, President of Boots; and Ornella Barra, President and Chief Executive of Global Wholesale and International Retail. In addition, we have a number of global cross-divisional functions including those led by Ken Murphy, president of Global Brands and Jeff Berkowitz, president of Pharma and Global Market Access. Finally, leading other key functional areas are George Fairweather, Global Chief Financial Officer; Marco Pagni, Global Chief Legal and Administrative Officer; Tim Theriault, Global Chief Information Officer; and Kathleen Wilson-Thompson, Global Chief Human Resources Officer. Growth and performance In the near term, Walgreens Boots Alliance will seek growth and value creation by exploring new opportunities to expand in current and new markets, generating additional synergies by leveraging our economies of scale, and redesigning and reinventing our business models across our divisions. To illustrate this latter goal, in our Retail Pharmacy USA division, given the ongoing competitive and reimbursement pressure on community pharmacy, Walgreens is focusing on the core of the business, dispensing prescription medication and serving consumer shopping needs at the front of the store. In our Retail Pharmacy International division, Boots is seeking to develop its omni-channel capabilities and innovate through its future pharmacy model to enhance revenue and margins. And in our Pharmaceutical Wholesale division, Alliance Healthcare is striving to improve performance not only from a more integrated model, but also from market consolidation, and by reaching an increasingly global scale through strategic partnerships including our innovative long-term strategic relationship

with AmerisourceBergen. Alliance Healthcare also will be a key "enabler," our bridgehead for expansion into emerging markets, both as a wholesaler and a retailer. Our new Global Brands function will, among other things, support the front-of-store transformation at Walgreens, bringing new and inspiring products to communities all over America. Through global customer insight, combining feedback from our leading Boots and Walgreens loyalty programs, and strategic worldwide supplier relationships, we plan to strengthen the value of our own brands. And we will harness our cross-divisional Global Pharmacy Market Access group in an effort to shape and drive fruitful relationships with manufacturers and suppliers--with the goal for Walgreens Boots Alliance to be their first and undisputed partner of choice. Longer-term, our plans for the growth and expansion of Walgreens Boots Alliance will be built on three pillars. First, we will seek and seize further synergy opportunities--while continuing to optimize our cost base across the enterprise. Second, we intend to boost our organic growth by making the most of a more integrated wholesale-retail model and brands. Third, we will seek to generate and seize relevant merger and acquisition and strategic investment opportunities in mature and emerging markets. More broadly, we will address new and evolving challenges and opportunities in the USA market, and leverage our position, especially amid the changing healthcare system and evolving retail consumer shopping market, to play a larger and leading role. Furthermore, we believe the size and depth of our network, our long-term strategic relationship with AmerisourceBergen, plus the promise of our brands, put us in a strong position to develop new offerings for USA consumers and patients, and to excel in operational, commercial and financial performance. Emerging markets represent another longer-term strategic opportunity we will pursue and which we anticipate will play a significant role in our future growth. For starters, we believe we are well placed to be a catalyst of change in the substantial Chinese market. In parallel, our recent acquisitions in Mexico and Chile position us well to become an influential player in the Latin American market. These markets, and rest of the world, are more than growth opportunities for us. They create further opportunities for Walgreens Boots Alliance to advance the health and wellbeing of communities around the globe.

Corporate Social Responsibility Both Walgreens and Alliance Boots have been known for their commitment to the people and communities we serve, well beyond our business. Combining forces and resources as Walgreens Boots Alliance only enhances our ability and sense of responsibility to help people live healthier and happier lives. As in all we do, connecting our people across the world, and their passion to help others, promises new synergies of service far beyond our commitment and contribution today. As we forge a new, expanded global program, we intend to report our work and results annually. To Walgreens Boots Alliance, corporate social responsibility is much more than our duty. It is our passion, and a powerful way to further achieve our vision and purpose. Outlook We are excited by the chance our new enterprise provides for our employees to make history in our industry, to play a significant role in stimulating new advances, to cross boundaries and make a difference on a bigger scale to the lives of people around the world. Our ambition exceeds simply being a global enterprise. We want the Walgreens Boots Alliance impact to resonate across borders, languages, local cultures and needs, to all corners of the world. Thanks to our new scale, dedication of our teams and passion for the business, we can truly be the world's first choice for pharmacy, wellbeing and beauty. Thank you for joining us in that pursuit.

James A. Skinner Executive Chairman

Stefano Pessina Executive Vice Chairman and Acting Chief Executive Officer 10 April 2015

