to our sHareHolders, employees, and friends
Accelerating Profitable Growth
In response to the global recession, we developed and launched a growth strategy two years ago to take advantage of the share capture and value creation opportunities that exist within the large, fragmented markets in which we operate. We proceeded to play offense while others were reacting defensively to the challenging economic and market conditions.
During our investor day in 2010, we communicated our objectives to deliver double-digit annual net income growth, provide superior return on invested capital, and generate strong free cash flow through the economic cycle, and we further reinforced these objectives during our investor day last year. I am pleased to report that our investments are paying
off and execution of our strategy is producing results that have exceeded these objectives. We increased our net income 86% and achieved a return of 96% for our shareholders over the last two years. After delivering strong results in 2010, we accelerated our profitable growth in 2011 and posted six consecutive quarters of double digit organic sales growth through the end of last year. We closed 2011 with record
sales of $6.1 billion on 21% sales growth, improved operating margins 120 basis points to 5.4%, and increased earnings per share 58%.
The strength of our WESCO team and the diversity and operating leverage of our business are clearly reflected in the profitable growth of our company over the last two years. We have entered 2012 a stronger, more capable, and more competitive company.
WESCO Evolution into a Growth Company
Our vision is to be a global leader of supply chain solutions, a company that is known for the best customer service and the best people. Through our One WESCO initiatives, we are providing customers with the leading products, services and solutions they need to meet their MRO (Maintenance, Repair, and Operating), OEM (Original Equipment Manufac- turer), and Capital Project requirements.
One WESCO integrates the various products and services from our suppliers with our company’s capabilities into comprehensive solutions for our customers and their operations around the world. We are investing in these WESCO capabilities to strengthen our supplier partnerships and to provide ever increasing value for our global customers in the Industrial, Construction, Utility and CIG (Commercial, Institutional, and Government) end markets. That investment takes the form of increased sales and marketing resources, new branches and distribution centers, additional training and development programs for our WESCO associates, and enhanced information technology and e-business capabilities.
Over the last two years, our investments have strengthened the company through the addition of 15% new personnel, 75 new or expanded branches, two new distribution centers, and an expanded global footprint where we now have commercial operations in 14 countries. These increased investments have enabled us to take share and deliver 21% sales growth in 2011, with sales growth occurring in all
of our served end markets. We are committed to providing increased efficiency, effectiveness, and integrity for our customers as they re-engineer and consolidate their supply chains. We have expanded and strengthened our portfolio by diversifying our
2011 Annual Report | Driving Growth > Creating Value 1
   
2 WESCO International, Inc.
 end markets, customer base, service capabilities, product lines, supplier relationships, and global footprint, and we expect to continue to do so as we move forward through the next decade.
Playing Offense and Strengthening the Franchise
We defined and launched our growth engines over two years ago with an objective to deliver above market organic sales growth and supplement that with accretive acquisitions. In 2011, our operating mantra was to continue to play offense, execute these growth engines, and deliver above market results. We have made great progress with all of our growth engines delivering strong sales growth last year as outlined in the 2011 highlights below:
• Global accounts and integrated supply — double digit sales growth, new customers, record opportunity pipeline
• Communications and security — over $1 billion run rate of data and broadband products, new branches, global expansion
• Construction — double digit sales growth, record backlog in a down market
• Utility — double digit sales and backlog growth, new customers
• Lighting and sustainability — double digit sales growth, new lighting solution center
• Government — over $500 million run rate, double digit sales growth
• International — double digit sales growth, global expansion, new branches and a new distribution center in Toronto (WESCO’s largest)
• Acquisitions — five acquisitions completed over last 24 months, which diversified the portfolio and added over $460 million in annual sales
We are continuing to invest in these eight growth engines and prioritize execution across our business enterprise. Execution is supported by our compre- hensive array of enterprise process initiatives, including marketing leadership for demand creation, pricing and sourcing effectiveness for margin expansion, and sales and service management for customer satisfaction.
We have a strong balance sheet, a robust pipeline
of acquisition opportunities, an increased global presence, and a higher growth portfolio in 2012.
The significant operating leverage and effective cash conversion inherent in our business model provides us with excellent future value creation potential
as we look to play a consolidator role in the large, fragmented wholesale distribution markets in which we operate.
LEAN and Operational Excellence
LEAN is our enterprise-wide continuous improvement system that we are applying to the entire value chain from our customers through to our suppliers. We’re building a continuous improvement culture by deploying a comprehensive LEAN training structure, comprised of five classes of belt training and certification (blue, black, green, yellow, and white)
for all levels within our organization. Our LEAN applications, which are focused on sales, operations, and administrative processes, include an industry leading value creation program for customers. While our internal LEAN applications continue to drive productivity improvements within WESCO, it is our external customer-focused LEAN initiatives that are proving to be a distinct competitive differentiator. Even though we are well into our continuous improvement journey, we have only just begun
and consider LEAN to be a never ending quest
for perfection.

2011 Annual Report | Driving Growth > Creating Value 3
 Talent and High Performance Culture
In business, we continue to believe that culture matters, culture differentiates, and culture endures. It is our people that determine our high performance and continuous improvement culture, and we have
a highly committed and diverse workforce that is focused on satisfying customers and finding a better way every day. Talent management is all about attracting, developing and retaining the best global talent, and then building a culture that promotes employee engagement. We have significantly increased our investments in human resources
and talent management over the last two years, including accelerating our college recruiting efforts, expanding our mentoring program, continuing to build WESCO University, and launching a new
HR Information System. Our goal is to be recognized as the employer of choice in the industries we serve. We are confident that the investments we are making in our people will provide future capacity
for growth. Our people are our sustainable competitive advantage.
Outlook and Summary
Our financial objectives have been consistent and remain focused on shareholder value creation. We’ve built an industry-leading Fortune 500 enter- prise with a strong portfolio of businesses, and a high performance continuous improvement culture. We are playing offense and delivering strong results by taking advantage of the countless growth opportunities that exist in our large, fragmented end markets. We are in an era of increased volatility and uncertainty, but we remain focused on what
we can control, which is our strategy, our invest- ments and operating plans, and our execution.
To our customers, thank you for your business and the opportunity to serve you. You have our commitment that we will listen, understand your needs and expectations, and do all that we can to provide you with superior value.
To our employees, thank you for your continued dedication and One WESCO teamwork. You have our pledge to promote an environment where you can grow and succeed and be part of a winning One WESCO team.
To our suppliers, thank you for your partnership and continued support. Together, we will continue to combine our efforts and resources in providing industry-leading solutions for our customers.
To our shareholders, thank you for your vote of confidence through your investments in WESCO. We are in the best shape we have ever been in as a company, and remain completely focused on increasing shareholder value. You will always get our very best efforts.
John J. Engel
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 