2 //
//TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 FRIENDS, AND EMPLOYEES
It is a pleasure to report on WESCO’s performance in 2005. Record results were achieved in multiple areas, and the Company continued to develop and implement improvement initiatives that will make WESCO even stronger in the year ahead.
EXTRA-EFFORT EMPLOYEES
For more than a dozen years, our motto has been “WESCO – the extra effort people.” This motto has been a constant reminder of our obligations to do our very
best for our customers and for the organization. WESCO’s extra-effort culture and productivity bias are clearly evident today, and they are reflected in the outstanding operating and financial results that have been achieved. Our shareholders and our customers set high standards. They always seem to expect more, and more is being delivered by WESCO’s 6,000-plus “extra-effort” employees.
In the days and weeks following 2005’s devastating
overwhelmed with the needs of family and friends, we had employees on duty during the storms and throughout the rescue and recovery period. Many of these service-driven individuals literally lived in our facilities for several weeks in order to respond to our customers’ emergency needs. I will never forget my personal interactions with our WESCO personnel and certain of our suppliers and customers affected by Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, and Wilma. I have a vivid and long-lasting mental picture of the importance of being the “extra-effort people.”
RECORD PERFORMANCE
In our 2004 Annual Report, we were pleased to report that new, record-best performance levels had been set in virtually all major financial categories. The WESCO organization responded to the continuous improvement challenge and delivered an encore performance.
hurricane season, I was especially gratified to see first- hand how our motto comes to life and reveals individual value systems and the deep-seated commitments to customer service. At a time when our personnel in
15 branches along the Gulf Coast and in Florida were
In 2005, sales revenues increased 18.2% to $4,421 million. Operating income of $209 million and 4.7% of sales, and net income of $103.5 million and 2.3% of sales, reflected new record levels of performance. Working capital productivity also set record levels, and our overall balance sheet was strengthened through new financing arrangements that extended the term and reduced our overall interest expense in a rising–interest rate environment.
   
WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. // 2005 Annual Report & Form 10-K // 3
  FROM LEFT TO RIGHT
JOHN J. ENGEL
Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
ROY W. HALEY
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
STEPHEN A. VAN OSS
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer
 Shareholder confidence in WESCO was rewarded with another year of increasing share price performance that significantly exceeded market and industry averages. Market capitalization increased to over $2 billion at year- end, and at the time of this letter, market capitalization has increased to over $3 billion.
BASE BUSINESS STRENGTH
WESCO’s business model and operating strategy are
well established. Our business delivers a broad range of electrical and industrial materials and supplies to a large and well-diversified customer base. Our infrastructure of customer service locations, branches, and distribution centers gives us great geographical access to most major markets in North America and selected global markets. As evidenced by our high level of sales productivity, we have an organization attuned to meeting our customers’ production, maintenance, and project needs.
tools all contribute to our sales productivity and market share gains. We expect that the positive momentum that has been developed will continue to generate above-average, profitable sales growth.
TWO VALUE-ENHANCING ACQUISITIONS
In July, we completed the acquisition of Fastec Industrial Corp., a company serving the manufacturers of factory- built homes and recreational vehicles with a wide range of fastening and hardware solutions. This acquisition augments WESCO’s very strong position as a supplier
to the manufactured housing industry. It also provides us with low-cost Asian sourcing capabilities for a broad range of products.
In September, we completed the acquisition of the Carlton-Bates Company, a multi-regional distributor
with particular strengths in providing electro-mechanical and electronic components and assemblies to industrial
We are particularly proud of our sales and service personnel and their continued ability to generate and service sales requirements that are growing organically at double-digit rates. The combination of experienced personnel, training initiatives, effective marketing and sales support, and sales-oriented information systems
firms. This acquisition adds focus to and significantly strengthens WESCO’s service capabilities to OEM manufacturers.

4 //
//TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS CONTINUED...
 CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT
In setting new record levels of performance, we continue to raise the bar and set even higher expectations for future performance. Our experience in developing and implementing productivity programs based on LEAN improvement methodologies gives us confidence that higher levels of performance can and will be achieved. LEAN programs applied to our large base of established business have resulted in increased sales productivity, operating expense efficiencies, and higher levels of working capital turnover. In addition, LEAN programs have helped us identify and better understand areas where further improvements are possible. In 2006, for example, we will conduct our third annual large-scale training and development initiative for sales order management and transaction-processing improvements. This effort has been instrumental in improving sales
per employee, a key, aggregate productivity measure, by approximately 15% each of the past two years. 2006 will also mark the first large scale application
its entire equity position in public market transactions. During the course of 2005, the breadth of institutional ownership of WESCO expanded significantly with more than 90 investors now owning more than 100,000 shares.
WESCO made further adjustments to its capital structure in 2005 by redeeming the remaining $324 million of higher-cost senior subordinated debt put in place in 1998 and 2001 with a combination of $300 million of lower-cost senior subordinated notes and convertible debentures. We also enhanced our accounts receivables securitization program and revolving credit facility with additional capacity, longer term, and enhanced operating and reporting flexibility. Even though interest rates have been rising, WESCO’s all-in interest rate was at a record level low rate for the Company.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Steven A. Raymund and Lynn M. Utter were appointed
of LEAN principles in our information systems as we launch a new order entry system which will significantly improve speed and accuracy in responding to customer inquiries and orders.
CAPITAL STRUCTURE
A major change occurred in WESCO’s ownership during the last 15 months. WESCO began operations in 1994 in a leveraged buyout transaction, and, in 1998, WESCO was recapitalized in a financing transaction led by The Cypress Group, a private equity investment firm. In a series of three transactions beginning in late 2004 and continuing into mid-year 2005, The Cypress Group sold
as new members of WESCO’s Board of Directors effective January 1, 2006. Steve is Chairman and CEO of Tech Data Corporation, a $20 billion globally recognized distributor of information and telecommunications hardware, components, software solutions, and services. Lynn is Chief Strategy Officer for Coors Brewing and
has held key positions in operations, logistics, and planning with Coors and the Frito-Lay Division of PepsiCo. Each of these new directors will stand for a confirming election at our shareholders meeting in May.
We also have two directors, Michael J. Cheshire and James A. Stern, who will be retiring from WESCO’s
Board of Directors when their terms expire in May.
Both Mike and Jim joined the Company’s Board in 1998. Mike previously served as Chairman and CEO of Gerber Scientific and as President of the Electrical Products Division of General Signal Corporation. We have valued

 WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. // 2005 Annual Report & Form 10-K // 5
  Mike’s industry knowledge and insights and will miss his operational know-how and electrical manufacturing and distribution background. Jim is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Cypress Group, and he has been an immensely valuable resource to the Company as we have made the transition from a private company to a public company with broad-based institutional ownership. We sincerely thank Mike and Jim for their Board service and outstanding counsel.
2006 OUTLOOK
We are optimistic that economic conditions will continue to be favorable and that WESCO will be able to sustain above-average industry growth rates. Our organization
is strong, and our initiatives that provide training and development, marketing and sales support, information systems tools, and continuous improvement methodologies are expected to help our management and sales and service personnel again achieve recognition for outstanding
customer service and record levels of operating and financial performance. 2005 was an extraordinary year, and we are confident that 2006 will be even better.
Thank you and best regards,
Roy W. Haley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
  