2014 Annual Report | One World. One WESCO. 1
 To Our Shareholders, Employees, and Business Partners
OUR RESULTS
2014 was a record year for WESCO in terms of sales, profitability, and earnings per share. Re-establishing profitable growth in our core business was our top priority last year, and I am pleased to report that we delivered sales growth across all of our end markets and geographies. At the beginning of the year, we implemented the most significant organization design change in the history of our company. The purpose was to accelerate our One WESCO strategy and fundamentally improve our growth. As evidenced by our improving momentum throughout 2014, we are beginning to see the early benefits of these changes. Sales increased 6% to a record $7.9 billion, operating profit grew to a record $466 million, and diluted earnings per share (EPS) grew to a record $5.18. After successfully completing three acquisitions, our capital structure remains strong as our financial leverage entering this year was well within our 2.0x to 3.5x target range. While we are pleased with
our progress, we are not satisfied with these results. Economic and market conditions are expected to be challenging again this year as we face increased headwinds due to low inflation, commodity pricing, and exchange rates. Our efforts and execution priorities for 2015 are focused on completing the build out of our new organization and accelerating our One WESCO strategies to further strengthen our company and outperform the competition in our served markets.
OUR STRATEGY
Our vision is to be the global leader of supply chain solutions. We are a customer-driven organization focused on serving three demand streams: MRO indirect products and services; OEM direct materials and value-added assemblies; and capital projects for new construction,
as well as retrofits, renovations, and upgrades. Our
One WESCO growth strategy, launched five years ago, integrates our products, services, and supplier relationships into comprehensive supply chain solutions for our customers and their operations around the world.
Our growth strategy has been working. Since 2010,
we strengthened our company and produced strong financial results, posting a sales compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 12%, an EPS CAGR of 20%, and generating free cash flow of over $1B, approximately equal to net income. Total shareholder return over the last five years exceeded 180%, above both our investor peers and industry benchmarks.
Over the next five years, we remain sharply focused
on executing our One WESCO growth strategy to deliver against four performance goals: sales growth above
the market, double digit EPS growth, free cash flow of at least 80% of net income, and superior investor returns. Building on our core competitive differentiators of a broad product portfolio, extensive global footprint, comprehensive service capabilities, talented team of people, and a Lean continuous improvement culture, we are positioned to deliver a repeat performance over this next five-year period.

2 WESCO International, Inc.
OUR CAPABILITIES
Over the years, WESCO has evolved from a pure play electrical distributor focused on the non-residential construction market to a diversified, global wholesale distribution and supply chain management company serving the industrial, construction, utility, and commercial/institution/government markets. Our products, global footprint, and service capabilities support the effective execution of our One WESCO strategy by providing comprehensive solutions for our customers’ operations and supply chain needs.
• Products
Our broad product portfolio was further strengthened with the three acquisitions we completed last year – LaPrairie, Hazmasters, and Hi-Line – which expanded our safety and utility offerings in the United States and Canada.
• Footprint
Our global footprint, combined with our global accounts and integrated supply business models, provides
us with a competitive advantage in serving multi- location customers. Including a new One WESCO location in Kansas City and our first branch in
Thailand, we now have approximately 485 locations and over 9,400 associates in 19 countries around the world serving customers in more than twice that many countries.
• Services
Our One WESCO service capabilities are proving to be a key competitive differentiator for our company and resulted in a series of notable new customer wins and expanded relationships last year. Our extensive set of services includes energy management, sustainability, safety, procurement, warehousing, inventory, logistics, and Lean applications for our customers’ operations, projects, and supply chains.
We are building scale and strengthening our company through our investments in people and the business, including acquisitions. Our acquisition priorities remain focused on consolidating core electrical in North America, expanding into adjacent MRO product and service categories, and selectively establishing international operations to support our blue chip customer base. WESCO is uniquely positioned to meet the increasing demands of our customers and deliver superior value
in our large fragmented industry where the pace of outsourcing and consolidation is accelerating.
OUR PEOPLE
Wholesale distribution is a service industry, and having the best talent is the primary driver of our success over the long term. Talent management is all about attracting, developing, motivating, and retaining the best global
talent and then building a high-performance culture that promotes employee engagement. We are committed to being the employer of choice in the industries we serve. Last year, we increased the investments in our human resources and employee programs for the fifth year in a row through further enhancements to our sales training, college recruiting, mentoring, and WESCO University training programs. We worked to advance employment opportunities for military veterans and were pleased to be recognized by the National Association of Manufacturers, the Manufacturing Institute, and RecruitMilitary for our efforts in 2014. We also continue to make solid progress on our overall diversity agenda and were recognized, once again, by the 2020 Women on Boards campaign. We are confident that the investments we are making in our people will provide future capacity for profitable growth.
In January of last year, we implemented a fundamental organization design change to accelerate our One WESCO strategy and improve our sales and profit growth rates. The U.S. businesses were streamlined and consolidated under one overall leader. We merged our network of electrical and data communications branches into three geographic regions and established a series of platform businesses across the U.S. A new sales and marketing organization was formed with a single global leader at the enterprise level, a first for WESCO. This new customer- facing front-end organization includes marketing, global accounts, supplier relations, and sales operations, as well as newly established product line and end-market focused sales groups. Our Canadian and International businesses were also significantly strengthened last year. We supported this new One WESCO organization with talent investment in several key areas, including sales, product line management, supply chain, e-commerce, finance, human resources, and Lean. We’re increasing our sales resources and improving their productivity with more effective marketing demand creation programs, an expanded lead generation group, new One WESCO sales force training materials, new sales person recognition programs, and an improved customer relations management platform.

OUR CULTURE
Our culture of Lean and continuous improvement is the core of operational excellence and everything we do at WESCO. Each and every day our employees are finding new ways to solve problems and work smarter to deliver value across the entire chain, from our customers’ operations and supply chains to inside WESCO and through to our suppliers. By using our industry-leading Value Creation program, we help customers reduce operating costs, improve productivity, enhance safety, improve energy management, and eliminate waste. Lean is becoming part of our DNA and we see more opportunities than ever to improve our business and the overall supply chain.
Sustainability remains a strategic priority and a company- wide responsibility at WESCO. We are introducing sustainability into our daily business practices. Within our own operations, we’re implementing strategies to improve energy efficiency, increase recycling, reduce waste generation, and reduce both greenhouse gas intensity and emissions. We’re also helping our customers make improvements in their operations in the areas of lighting, energy management, renewable energy, water and waste mitigation, and green procurement. Our progress is outlined in our Sustainability Report published last year.
Safety is also central to all that we do. Our goal is to provide a safe work environment for our employees and all those who visit our operations. In 2014, we achieved our fifth consecutive year of best ever safety performance, which was significantly better than the wholesale distribution industry average OSHA recordable incident rate.
IN APPRECIATION
George Miles retired from the WESCO Board of Directors in May 2014 after providing 14 years of service. During his tenure, George served as chairman of the nominating and governance committee and member of the audit and compensation committees. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire WESCO management team, we thank George for his outstanding leadership, dedication, counsel, and invaluable contributions.
OUR COMMITMENT
WESCO moves into 2015 with a stronger and deeper management team and a steadfast commitment to deliver results for investors, to grow our business, and to expand global opportunities for our customers around the world. We are building momentum with our One WESCO initiatives and continuing to invest in our customers,
our sales and service capabilities, our suppliers, and our employees. With our Lean continuous improvement culture, our new organization gives us even greater capabilities, a deeper knowledge base, and an outstanding mix of talent to deliver value and growth
for years to come.
• To our customers, thank you for your business. We are committed to creating value in your operations and supply chains.
• To our employees, thank you for your dedication, engagement, and extraordinary effort in providing outstanding service to our customers. You are our sustainable competitive advantage.
• To our suppliers, thank you for your support and ongoing commitment to WESCO. We are focused on combining our capabilities with yours to provide complete solutions for our customers.
• To our shareholders, thank you for your continued investments and confidence in us. We are committed to strengthening our industry position and increasing shareholder value.
John J. Engel
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
2014 Annual Report | One World. One WESCO. 3
 