                  OUR VALUES
Partnership
We deliver excellent service to our member, provider and government partners. Members are the reason
we are in business; providers are our partners in serving our members; and government partners are the stewards of the public’s resources and trust.
Integrity
We do the right thing to keep the trust of those we serve and with whom we work.
Accountability
We are responsible for the commitments we make and the results we deliver both internally and externally.
One Team
We demonstrate a collaborative “One Team” approach across all areas
and put members first in all we do.
Building on the strong performance we delivered in 2015,
we look forward to continuous improvement in our clinical and quality programs to better serve our members and to build our competitive advantage.
— Kenneth A. Burdick
We made significant progress in 2015 in positioning the company — operationally and financially — for growth in 2017 and beyond. We strengthened our management team by hiring leaders from outside the company with deep knowledge of managed care as well as promoting WellCare veterans into larger leadership roles. As we plan for the future, we formed a dedicated integration team comprised of functional experts within the company to drive improved execution on organic growth and acquisitions.
In January 2016, we completed a new $850 million credit facility, which replaced our previous $300 million revolving credit facility. We paid off our $300 million term loan through a combination of cash and a $200 million draw on the new facility. We now have the capacity to fund meaningful organic growth and acquisition opportunities.
Our values — Partnership, Integrity, Accountability and One Team — are a part of everything we do. As a reflection of these values, over the past couple of years,
we have strengthened our culture of quality, compliance, transparency and accountability. We have also integrated a leadership dimension into our annual performance review process — our leaders must show a demonstrated ability to drive results, collaborate, attract and develop talent, and hold themselves and their teams accountable for achieving commitments.
As we focus on serving our members, and the communities in which our members live, WellCare associates have the opportunity to volunteer through the WellCare Associate Volunteer Efforts (WAVE) program. The WAVE program strives to enhance the health, well-being, safety and quality of life for those who are disabled, economically disadvantaged and medically underserved. During 2015, more than 3,000 associates volunteered their time and talents to improve our communities.
In closing, our performance in 2015 demonstrates our ability to deliver on our commitments. Building on the strong performance we delivered in 2015, we look forward to continuous improvement in our clinical and quality programs to better serve our members and to build our competitive advantage. WellCare has great opportunity to change the lives of our members and provide compelling value to our state and federal customers. We thank our associates for their dedication to serving our members and advancing our business in 2015. We appreciate the continued support of our stockholders, and we look forward to building on our momentum in 2016 and beyond.
Kenneth A. Burdick Chief Executive Officer
April 11, 2016
    