 To Our Stockholders, Members, Government Customers, Business Partners, and Associates:
Alec Cunningham
Chief Executive Officer
2012 was a remarkably active year for WellCare. Premium revenue increased 22% versus last year to $7.3 billion, and we served a record 2.7 million members at year end.
Among other highlights, we obtained new contracts, service area expansions, or contract extensions for our Medicaid programs in Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Kentucky, and New York. We organically grew our Medicare Advantage (MA) membership by 29%, including membership growth in our Dual-Special Needs Plans (D-SNP) of more than 50%. We repositioned our Prescription Drug Plan (PDP) business to strengthen our focus on people eligible for Medicare who choose their plan. And, since July 2012, we have closed
or signed agreements for four acquisitions that have established or expanded our presence in attractive states with meaningful growth opportunities that complement our three-product strategy.
Our operating performance in 2012 was strong. Adjusted net income per diluted share of $4.92 exceeded our
initial guidance range of $4.40 to $4.60 per diluted share. Cash provided by operating activities, modified for the impact of the timing of receipts from, and payments to,
our government customers, was $145 million. This further strengthened our balance sheet and provides us with resources to support growth. As of December 2012, our unregulated cash and investments totaled $194 million, and the ratio of our debt to total capital was just under 10%. Our Health Maintenance Organization and insurance subsidiaries combined statutory capital and surplus was approximately $926 million, compared with the required statutory capital of approximately $383 million.
Investing for the Future
As a result of our accomplishments over the past year, we began 2013 with the most diversified portfolio of revenue sources in our company’s history. Many of the markets from which these revenues are generated have sizable
government programs growth prospects. We believe this repositioning has meaningfully strengthened our long-term outlook.
The coming year will be one of significant investments
that have important strategic dimensions. These primarily include investments in quality and care management, our care and service delivery model, regulatory requirements, and in preparation for the implementation of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and other growth opportunities. In addition, each of our four acquisitions
will require an investment to facilitate integration into the WellCare technology, operations, and compliance platform. We also will invest to position these businesses for further profitable growth consistent with our three-product strategy.
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’s main
goal is to reduce the number of uninsured Americans. Implementation of this law likely will result in enormous changes to our health care system, and potentially, in opportunities for us. under the Medicaid expansion provisions, it is projected that Medicaid expenditures will increase by an additional $1 trillion through 2022. A number of the states in which we operate Medicaid health plans may expand their eligibility criteria, and we could experience significant increases in our membership in those programs. In addition, health insurance exchanges will operate in
each state, offering a market in which individuals may buy insurance with a government subsidy, if eligible. Over the longer term, the exchanges may create another important growth opportunity for us.
We expect strong growth in Medicaid managed care programs that is in addition to the Patient Protection
and Affordable Care Act’s impact. Given fiscal conditions, states are turning more frequently to the proven value of managed care solutions in delivering quality care more cost effectively and with enhanced predictability. In particular, states are increasingly focused on higher acuity individuals
1

who require more complex care and cost management and are often eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare, or dual eligibles. We believe we are well positioned for these programs given our extensive experience already serving tens of thousands of these individuals through several of our existing programs.
Medicare products also continue to offer important growth prospects. Between 2012 and 2031, an average of 10,000 people are expected to age into Medicare each day. Many of them will face financial challenges. A recent study reported that 57% of u.S. workers have less than $25,000
in household savings excluding their homes, and that 49% were not confident that they could afford to retire. We believe Medicare Advantage offers these individuals an important level of financial security and predictability, and that as a result, MA plans will continue to experience strong demand. Lower income individuals and dual eligibles – who are WellCare’s focus – are likely to be particularly attuned to this important aspect of MA plans.
Three-Product Strategy
A key element of our success has been our three-product strategy – that is, leveraging the complementary aspects of our Medicaid, Medicare Advantage, and PDP activities so that each of these products performs better in conjunction with the others than it would separately. The strategy also is the foundation of our focus on lower income individuals and those who are dual eligibles.
• As we build membership in multiple products, we are able to serve members’ needs more comprehensively. For example, we may offer a WellCare MA plan or PDP to Medicaid members who were assigned to us by a state and who are dual eligibles.
• With respect to costs, offering multiple products within a service area better leverages our local investments and infrastructure, including, for example, our provider network relationships, regulatory relationships,
and staffing.
• We also are able to more effectively capitalize on our
investments in the operational functions that support all of our products. For example, our PDP-related activities drive a large pharmaceutical procurement and medication therapy management infrastructure that strengthen our MA and Medicaid plans.
• Providing a more comprehensive set of services not only reduces our costs associated with obtaining members, but, more importantly, it provides a better care experience for our members.
• Finally, from an investment perspective, the three- product strategy drives greater diversification of our financial results and, consequently, a stronger and more stable capital position from which to serve our government customers, members, and business partners.
Over the next few pages I will describe some of the more significant accomplishments we have realized from our three-product strategy in conjunction with our focus on three execution priorities: improving health care quality and access, ensuring a competitive cost structure, and delivering prudent, profitable growth.
Improving Health Care Quality and Access
One of our highest priorities is improving health
care quality and access for our members. In fact, our expenditures for quality improvement increased by more than 60% in 2012 compared with 2011. For 2013, we again expect to meaningfully increase our quality investments across our Medicaid and Medicare programs by engaging in a wide range of activities specifically tailored to the lower income members we serve.
Our efforts toward improving quality in 2012 were recognized. Our Florida health plan received Commendable Accreditation for both Medicaid and Medicare products by the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA), and our Hawaii ‘Ohana Health Plan was awarded New Health Plan Accreditation by the NCQA. We continue to target accreditation for all of our health plans and anticipate further progress in 2013.
2
   WellCare Three-Product Strategy
Medicaid
Low Income and Dual Eligibles
      Medicare Advantage
Medicare PDP
   The execution of our three-product strategy drives stronger revenue growth as well as more effective cost management than a narrower product strategy:
• Growth is enhanced because we have multiple product and program opportunities to enter a new state or service area.
• Once established in a market, our ability to expand into other products is improved by the existence of our provider network, operating platform, and regulatory relationships, among other factors.

 “One of my most memorable experiences was with a new member who needed physical therapy. After I consulted with one of our Medical Directors, I informed her that WellCare had approved the treatment. She called me crying to say thank you. She wanted to get her body stronger so that she could get her children back. It really stuck with me. It was more than just a physical therapy approval to her; it was a way to get her family back together.
“This work is all about relationships and people make the difference. Even over the phone, it is possible to form strong, meaningful bonds. Some people can’t do the things we take for granted every day. We really are in the business of keeping people healthy. It is a wonderful feeling to share their good news with them. It reminds me that there are more people out there with good news in their future. All it takes is a little bit of help.”
Shannon Outlaw-Kimsey, RN
Complex Case Manager – Dual Special Needs Plans
   
 “I love this work because this is who I am. It is great to say at the end of the day that I was able to positively impact someone’s life. One of the most memorable moments for me was helping a gentleman with leukemia who needed a bone marrow transplant. Because bone marrow recipients have a compromised immune system, members need stable housing – yet, mobile homes do not meet the minimum criteria.
“I was able to get in touch with a local community organization that was offering affordable housing to deserving residents. I helped him apply for the program, and he was approved for a two-bedroom apartment with staggered rent and no move-in costs. To find a place in his community that met his income level and the criteria for the transplant was nothing short of a miracle. The gratitude he and his family shared with me was amazing. They had a new sense of hope for life, and he was able to get the transplant that he needed.”
Laura Gannon
Field Services Coordinator – Social Work
    
In addition, our New York Medicaid plan met the 2012 performance requirements for the state’s quality incentive for Medicaid managed care plans and is now designated
a Quality Health Plan. This recognition is a significant accomplishment, and as a result, our New York plan is eligible for member auto-assignment and increased premiums that will support further quality improvement.
Our success in improving health care quality and access for our members is best exemplified by the work of our care management staff. In this year’s report, we have highlighted a few examples of their outstanding work. We experience thousands of stories like these that result from the service that we are proud to provide to our 2.7 million members.
Ensuring a Competitive Cost Structure
In 2012, we continued to ensure a competitive cost structure. Our adjusted administrative expense ratio decreased by 120 basis points year over year to 8.7%. Since 2010, the ratio has decreased by 190 basis points.
To support further progress in our service and cost effectiveness and to better align our operations with our government customers’ goals, we are continually assessing our care and service delivery model. Our experience increasingly tells us that serving our members with staff from their home state or even neighborhood is important to our success in terms of cost, service quality, member retention, and other important performance indicators.
To that end, we opened two call centers in Florida – one in North Lauderdale in 2012, and one in Orlando in early 2013. These two call centers, combined, created approximately 400 Florida jobs, replacing positions that previously were staffed overseas. We are excited about the opportunity to enhance our service to members and providers through this operation. We are continuing to evaluate similar changes to our operations designed to strengthen our ties and service to the communities in which we operate.
Delivering Prudent, Profitable Growth
Medicaid
Our Medicaid health plans premium revenue for 2012 increased 25% from 2011 to nearly $4.4 billion, and segment membership increased 9% from 2011 to almost 1.6 million at year end.
The Kentucky Medicaid program, which was launched in November 2011, was the largest contributor to our 2012 growth. For 2013, we expect continued growth to more than $1.1 billion in premium revenue. Throughout the last year, we worked closely with the Commonwealth to achieve
a common goal – ensuring that Kentucky’s Medicaid managed care program delivers quality, cost-effective care to members on a long-term, sustainable basis.
We commend the Commonwealth’s leadership for their commitment to this objective. Our collaborative efforts over the past year have resulted in a number of program and policy enhancements that have greatly strengthened the program’s stability and effectiveness.
In addition, last summer, Kentucky awarded us a new contract to expand our services into Region 3, which is comprised of Louisville and the 15 surrounding counties. We launched that program in January 2013 and are pleased with the implementation progress to date. As of January 2013, we served more than 220,000 Kentucky Medicaid members statewide. Approximately 10% of these members are dual eligibles.
In Florida, the Florida Healthy Kids program concluded its procurement last summer and selected WellCare to serve 65 of the state’s 67 counties for a three-year term beginning in October 2012. With this award, we now have the largest service area of any plan in the program and, as of January 2013, served more than 80,000 members.
We also continued to expand our Florida Medicaid
service area throughout 2012 and, by January 2013,
had created the only statewide service area among the many Medicaid plans operating in the program. This significant achievement reflects our 20-year history, the strength of our provider network, quality initiatives, and relationships with community organizations. Our January 2013 membership of 375,000 was the largest in the Florida Medicaid program. We appreciate the opportunity to serve so many citizens of our home state.
In Georgia, our largest Medicaid plan, the state informed us of its intention to amend our Georgia Families managed care contracts to include two additional one-year option terms, which would potentially extend the term until
June 30, 2016. Over the past year, we have continued
to implement program innovations in Georgia, such as offering the Healthways Prime® Fitness program and Weight Watchers memberships at no cost to our eligible Medicaid members.
Our Hawaii ‘Ohana Health Plan also continued to expand services to its members over the past year. ‘Ohana was awarded a contract to serve Hawaii’s QuEST Medicaid program, which includes the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) and Children’s Health Insurance
5
 
Program members in the state. We implemented the program coordinating medical, behavioral, and pharmacy services in July. Later in 2012, ‘Ohana was awarded a contract to manage the needs of adults who have serious mental illnesses. Many of these individuals are already members in our Medicaid aged, blind, and disabled program. With the addition of these behavioral health services, we are now able to coordinate care across the full spectrum of diagnoses and improve health care quality and outcomes.
In New York, we expanded our Advocate Medicaid Managed Long-Term Care health plan service area from four to 13 counties. As of January 2013, we served more than 4,000 members in this program. Many of these members also are enrolled in a WellCare MA plan.
Our Medicaid segment growth outlook for 2013 has been supplemented by two acquisitions. In January 2013, we acquired unitedHealthcare’s South Carolina Medicaid business, which serves TANF and Supplemental Security Income members in 39 of the state’s 46 counties. In 2011, the plan earned a Commendable Accreditation from NCQA. South Carolina provides us with an attractive Medicaid and Medicare growth opportunity that leverages our presence in neighboring Georgia. We believe the state is making policy changes that should improve the Medicaid program for managed care plans, as well as offer the potential
for increased membership. In addition, the Medicare Advantage opportunity in the state is significant, with nearly 800,000 residents eligible for Medicare.
Also in January, we announced the proposed acquisition of Missouri Care, Inc. As of January 2013, Missouri Care served more than 100,000 Medicaid program members in 54 counties across the state. The plan has served the Medicaid program for approximately 15 years, has an extensive provider network, and earned a Commendable Accreditation from NCQA in 2011. The acquisition also complements our Medicare plans in Missouri and will accelerate our MA expansion goals.
Medicare Advantage
Our Medicare Advantage segment 2012 premium
revenue exceeded $1.9 billion, up 31% compared with 2011. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, membership
at year end was 174,000, up 29% from December 2011. Strong organic growth during 2012 was driven by a number of factors, including our emphasis on Medicare beneficiaries who are lower income and/or dual eligibles. This focus enters into our product design, provider network development, community relationships, member services, and other key elements of our program.
As a result, membership in our D-SNPs grew to more than 80,000 people as of January 2013, the fifth largest D-SNP membership of all MA plans. We also serve dual eligibles in our other MA plans, and in aggregate more than 50% of our MA plan membership is comprised of dual eligibles. Our focus on dual eligibles and lower income individuals will continue to be important to our growth, as we believe these members value the enhanced financial security and predictability of an MA plan.
We further strengthened our Medicare Advantage
growth profile over the past year with two acquisitions.
In November 2012, we gained access for the first time to the California market, the largest MA market in the u.S., through the acquisition of Easy Choice Health Plan. Of
the more than five million people eligible for Medicare
in the state, more than 60% reside in the 11 California counties that comprise Easy Choice’s 2013 service area.
As of December 2012, Easy Choice served 39,000 MA members, more than double the 15,000 members it served in December 2011.
Easy Choice has become one of the most rapidly growing MA plans in California by emphasizing plan benefit designs and services tailored to lower income and ethnically diverse communities, complementing WellCare’s focus
on the same markets. In addition, Easy Choice targets dual eligibles and operates one of the largest D-SNPs in California. And the plan’s physician engagement model strengthens care management and quality performance.
Our second Medicare Advantage acquisition was Desert Canyon Community Care, which upon closing in January 2013 added 4,000 members and our 14th Medicare state, Arizona. This transaction gives us a foothold in the state and positions us for future growth and expansion into other Arizona counties. Arizona is a highly attractive and growing MA market with more than 950,000 people eligible for Medicare.
Further positioning us for strong MA growth in 2013 was our performance during the Medicare Annual Election Period last year. We added 32,000 net new members from these activities, an increase of about 15% compared with our December 2012 membership. Of these net new members, 13,000 were added to our California plan. This growth included more than 2,500 WellCare PDP members who were offered the value of an Easy Choice MA plan.
In 2013, we also offered MA plans for the first time in 10 Kentucky counties, and we enrolled 1,300 new members for January. Our Kentucky Medicaid program currently serves more than 20,000 dual eligibles, providing a meaningful MA growth opportunity for the balance of the year.
6
  
  “I find that almost everyone knows their current situation; they just don’t know where to go next. I enjoy sitting down with them and talking about their needs and working together to create a plan for their health care. I feel like my members really become mine, and I am very persistent in getting them what they need.
“One of my members is in her mid-20s and has been diagnosed with HIV. She had not had health insurance or consistent care for eight years before I started working with her. When I first met her, she was close to death and due to some bad experiences with the health care system, very reluctant to meet with me.
I was able to get her a primary care physician right away and keep her from alternating between the hospital and home. With two children of her own and a supportive family, she just needed help understanding how the health care system works. I’ve seen firsthand that knowledge can definitely bring life.”
Teresa Vazquez, RN
Field Services Coordinator
   
Combining our service area expansions and acquisitions, in 2013 we are serving 204 counties in 14 states with more than 15 million residents eligible for Medicare. We are offering D-SNPs in nearly all of those counties. unlike most other Medicare beneficiaries, dual eligibles are able to join a Medicare Advantage plan during any month of the year. Consequently, our focus on dual eligibles is an important element of our growth. During 2012, more than 80% of our net membership growth occurred outside the Annual Election Period.
Medicare Prescription Drug Plans
Our Medicare PDP segment revenue was $993 million
for 2012, down 4% from 2011. Despite the contraction in premiums, our PDP segment outperformed expectations in 2012, as gross margin for the year increased 19% compared with 2011. This performance largely resulted from lower- than-anticipated pharmacy costs.
As of January 2013, our PDP enrollment was 750,000 members. Our focus for 2013 will continue to be on those Medicare beneficiaries who choose their PDP. The stability we experience with these members supports better results in terms of quality, medication management,
and financial performance.
For 2013, we launched a new PDP product that we believe is well positioned as a low-cost enhanced plan targeted to value-conscious choosers. More than 110,000 members chose this plan during the Annual Election Period. As of January 2013, more than 75% of our total PDP members had chosen us.
In the Community
We continue to give back to the communities in which we operate through philanthropy, employee volunteerism, and meaningful partnerships with nonprofit organizations to drive positive health outcomes.
In 2012, The WellCare Community Foundation established a relationship with and grant to the Texas A&M Health Science Center, Program on Healthy Aging, to conduct evidence-based research among older populations in Texas to explore and implement innovative methods of enhancing lives and driving positive health outcomes.
WellCare and our Foundation pledged $250,000 over a three-year period to the Children’s Home Society of Florida Champions for Children campaign. The statewide program emphasizes child safety, health, well-being and success
in life. In addition, we also established a partnership with the MacDonald Training Center, a Tampa, Florida-based organization that provides educational, vocational and
residential support services for people with disabilities. Together, the organizations will identify opportunities for WellCare to expand our workforce through the inclusion of diverse employees. The Foundation also provided more than $130,000 of support to the American Red Cross for those affected by tornadoes in Kentucky and Georgia and by Hurricane Sandy.
Our financial donations were supplemented by the work of our employees in their communities. In our hometown of Tampa alone, volunteers donated nearly 800 hours to events at organizations such as Metropolitan Ministries, Habitat for Humanity, The united Way, and the American Diabetes Association, among other organizations.
Conclusion
The growth and diversification we accomplished in
2012 expanded significantly our opportunities for future profitable growth. We intend to continue to earn your confidence through our execution on these opportunities during 2013 and in the years to come.
Before I conclude this letter, on behalf of all of WellCare’s associates and the members of our Board of Directors, I would like to extend our sincere thanks and appreciation to our chairman, Charles Berg. Chuck chose to not stand for re-election to the Board this year, so his work with us will end at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders in May. Chuck has been associated with WellCare since January 2008,
first serving as the company’s Executive Chairman of the Board, and then transitioning to the role of Non-Executive Chairman in January 2011. During his tenure, Chuck has been instrumental in helping guide the Company in its efforts to enhance governance and resolve past legal matters. We thank him for his service and wish him well.
I would also like to thank our government customers
and members for the opportunity to serve them, and our associates and business partners for their hard work and significant accomplishments over the past year. Finally, I want to thank our stockholders for their engagement and continued interest in our company. We are grateful for your support and investment.
Sincerely,
Alec Cunningham Chief Executive Officer April 2013
8
 