    To Our Shareholders:
In 2005, we advanced our mission to improve the health and well-being of our members, strengthen our relationships with healthcare providers and provide collaborative policy solutions and cost savings for our government partners. This mission is at the core of our success.
We are proud to participate in the Federal government’s groundbreaking effort to extend prescription drug coverage to our nation’s seniors. We are one of only 10 health plans offering Medicare prescription drug plans (PDPs) nationally and now rank among the top PDPs in the country. Since we first launched this initiative, we have filled over eight million prescriptions for seniors in all 50 states, representing close to 100,000 prescriptions per day. PDP is a significant opportu- nity for us to participate in a program that provides a vital national service to our Medicare eligible population.
In addition to launching our PDP operations, we continued to expand our product offerings and programs for older Americans. Our Medicare Advantage plans are now offered in 50 counties and six states and our range of products include numerous benefit designs aimed at satisfying the individual needs of our members. The enthusiastic acceptance of our product offerings by senior populations validates our strategy to provide diversified, high-quality, affordable health plans.
After competing against many national plans in Georgia’s rigorous procurement process, we were the only plan selected to offer Medicaid plans throughout the entire state of Georgia. This statewide award validates our efforts to build high-quality operations focused on improving the health status of our members and highlights our strong provider partnerships. We are pleased to be partnering with Georgia in launching its innovative Healthy Families and PeachCare for Kids programs.
Our success is grounded in our provider relationships. These relationships are built and sustained by our local management
Todd S. Farha
President and Chief Executive Officer
teams and fostered by our exceptional service levels. Our internal service standards, including our claims payment times and call speed-to-answer times, are set well above all state requirements to address the needs of our members and providers. Providers are also instrumental in the design and implementation of our enterprise-wide disease management and member quality of care programs. Our provider relation- ships ensure the quality of our network and enable us to fulfill our commitments to our members and government partners.
We also understand our responsibilities as a good corporate citizen for our members, providers and associates and in the communities in which they reside. WellCare and The WellCare Healthy Communities Foundation support numer- ous national, regional and local charitable organizations dedicated to enhancing the health, well-being, safety and quality of life for the members of our communities.
I want to thank each of our 2,500 associates whose ongoing dedication and enthusiasm has led us to where we are today. The daily commitment of our associates to our members, pro- viders and government partners continues to drive our success.
Sincerely,
  