  LETTER TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS
  Charle
s A. Haggerty
Western Digital Corporation began its fiscal year 1999 with tremendous strides in operational improvement, reducing operating losses by an average of $25 mil- lion in each of the first three fiscal quarters. Then, the fourth-quarter worldwide break- down of industry pricing destroyed the profitability prospects of every producer
in the business, and arrested our recovery. It will take at least another six months to recover from the fourth quarter’s pricing actions and resume our recovery.
Only two years ago, Western Digital was one of four manufacturers that accounted for approximately 80 percent of the world’s hard drive production. Today, there are nearly twice as many producers, and all the major U.S. makers of desktop hard drives are competing for a share of a large and growing market that presently yields no profit. It is clear that in order to compete profitably in the storage market, we have to become a different company. This we have resolved to do, based on the promise and potential of data storage. Soon to pass the $100 billion mark in annual purchases, this industry holds great long-term opportunity for us not only in computer hard drives but in storage area networks, network-attached subsystems and storage-hungry home entertainment applications.
The change is under way, and progress is being made. It should be noted that fiscal 1999 results reflect some of the
substantial investments we’ve made to diversify into storage for home entertain- ment systems as well as network-attached storage and systems management software. • In the desktop HDD business, we returned to time-to-market and technology leadership through our own designs and through our technology relationship with IBM. We were first to market with
4.3 GB per platter product featuring the Ultra ATA/66 interface, and with IBM,
we led the industry with 5400 RPM and 7200 RPM desktop platforms with 5.4 GB and 4.33 GB per platter, respectively.
• We added Western Digital-exclusive features such as our Data LifeguardTM,
a suite of hardware features and software utilities that proactively help protect against data loss. WD’s reputation for outstanding quality and innovations such as Data Lifeguard are central to our core brand positioning as the data storage company that cares about and protects end users’ data.
• We accelerated development efforts on higher-margin enterprise products, includ- ing 10,000 RPM hard drives for high- demand servers and workstations. We developed WD EnterpriseTM SCSI drives employing Western Digital innovations, such as combining the use of GMR (giant magnetoresistive) heads with larger media, which has meant greater capacity on fewer platters with fewer recording heads.
 Western Digital
    
  Our first product in this series was announced in March 1999, our second in July 1999. From the start, it was and remains one of the quietest and most shock- resistant 10,000 RPM hard drives available for enterprise computing platforms.
• We moved to diversify our business to reduce our heavy dependence on personal computers. Western Digital acquired Crag Technologies, now named Connex, which will produce products that allow companies and workgroups to use simple network- attached storage systems and to evolve into the use of enterprise-wide storage area net- works. Connex will bring ease-of-use and high functionality to scalable, shared storage solutions for original equipment manufac- turers and value-added resellers.
• In another diversification move, we formed an A/V Solutions line of business to address the vast opportunity of this emerg- ing market for rotating magnetic storage. The growing importance of the Internet, and rising demand for digital conveniences in the home, create an environment that will allow personal computers and various digital home entertainment appliances such as the new personal digital video recorders (DVR) to be connected and interoperated in a home network system. We have introduced the WD PerformerTM line of hard drives to address this market. Another part of our effort in this area includes a strategic partnership with Sony Corporation to co-develop products for home entertainment applications. We expect to have these products in the market in the first half of calendar year 2000.
• We intensified cost controls, further refined manufacturing and logistics efficien- cies, trimmed our build plan, and reduced our workforce. During fiscal 1999, the com- pany’s headcount declined by 21 percent.
• We sold Western Digital’s disk media business to Komag and entered into an agreement to buy a substantial portion of our media from Komag, significantly reduc- ing our capital requirements.
• After fiscal year-end, we restructured operations and management into a line of business and geographic organization that is making WD much more responsive to our markets resulting in faster and more focused customer-oriented decision making.
• We moved to further develop our Chai Chee, Singapore facility as a regional techni- cal and manufacturing support center, focusing most of its resources on value- added engineering rather than volume production. We are consolidating our high- volume desktop hard drive production in Malaysia to improve manufacturing efficien- cies and costs. In addition to its engineer- ing, technical and manufacturing-support roles, the Chai Chee facility continues to build our high-end WD Enterprise hard drives. These moves take advantage of the best features of both our Asian facilities.
By fiscal year-end 1999 we had reduced total inventories, increased inventory turns to a rate of 19 times a year, and reduced our accounts receivable to an average of 38 days’ sales outstanding. We have improved our manufacturing yields, regained time-to-market leadership, and
 Western Digital

   raised our market share with the ten largest PC OEM vendors.
In distribution, we significantly im- proved our management of inventories in this important channel and continued to strengthen our brand and position among the leading global distribution partners.
Growing uses of conventional storage- intensive applications, together with increas- ing Internet traffic and the rise of electronic commerce, are fueling growth in demand for storage that seems to have no end. The Internet, which is identified by consumers as their leading motivation for buying a per- sonal computer, is forecast to continue to grow rapidly in the U.S. and even more rapidly around the world. The number of Web commerce sites is growing by some 20,000 or more per month, and Internet commerce revenue, which totaled $20 billion last year, is growing 16 percent a month.
We are working to capture revenue and serve customers more efficiently over the Internet to ensure our place as a strong player in the Internet economy.
Spending for data storage, which totaled $74 billion in 1998, is forecast to rise to $114 billion in 2002, with hard drives and disk subsystems commanding more than half the total. Spending for storage area networks and network-attached subsystems and other direct-attached storage devices–the market for Connex–is expected to grow from less than $1 billion in 1998 to $10 billion in 2002.
With this vast and rapidly growing market before us, our challenge is to execute properly the plans we’ve developed to serve it. Western Digital continues to have ade- quate capital resources for the near- and intermediate-term, including a reserve of cash, credit lines, securities, unleveraged real estate and investments in several other tech- nology companies.
The two major organizations of our company are led by the proven, capable executives who now serve as our Co-Chief Operating Officers: Matt Massengill in Worldwide Operations and Geographies and Russell Stern in Lines of Business/Research and Development.
Along with the assignment of these responsibilities, I indicated to Western Digital’s Board of Directors my intention to retire by the end of fiscal year 2000. With a new organization and a solid executive team in place, we have launched a search for my successor within Western Digital and in the broader technology community. After seven years with WD–and more then 35 years in the technology business–it’s time to pass
on the reins of the company for the new millennium.
With the human and financial resources in place and, equipped with an efficient new operating structure, we have good reason to be optimistic about our future.
   Charles A. Haggerty
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 September 27, 1999
 Western Digital
