  LETTER TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS
 Fellow Shareholders:
Western Digital Corporation’s fiscal year 2000 was a year of renewal. The company gained new management leadership with a commitment to growth and margin expansion; substantially improved its performance and results in the personal storage business; found exciting new ways to apply its proven core competencies to emerging applications; and launched new operations and products to serve completely new markets, including network-attached storage, storage area network management, and supply chain intelligence.
Western Digital’s traditional hard drive manufacturing operations met numerous challenges last year, including intense competition, sharp price cutting and occasional component shortages. In the Autumn of 1999, we carried out a recall of hard drives containing a faulty chip that might have failed under intensive, long-term use — a voluntary recall that demonstrated our brand's commitment to data integrity and further secured our excellent customer relations, but disrupted normal
shipments for several quarters.
Our determined and energetic workforce met these challenges
with improvements in quality, innovation and market responsiveness. To earn back business, WD accelerated product development in desktop hard drives, regaining its competitive time-to-market performance in 5400 RPM drives, and
leading the industry with its 7200 RPM designs. Western Digital was first to market with a 7200 RPM, 10 GB- per-platter desktop drive, and repeated this performance
with the 20 GB-per-platter drive.
     
  We took a number of actions to improve the efficiencies and improve our focus in the hard drive business. We consolidated three drive manufacturing operations into a single, high-efficiency facility in Malaysia. Over the course of eight quarters, we reduced our labor and overhead costs by more than 50%. We exited the enterprise hard drive business, which was demanding huge investments in a market dominated by two larger competitors, and we shifted our resources in the enterprise space to Internet-related storage network management and supply chain data analysis where growth rates and margins are higher.
Cost and expense reduction efforts were redoubled with great effect: by year’s end, operating expenses had fallen nearly 30%; over a two year period, operating expenses have been reduced 50%.
Today, Western Digital is again winning quality accolades and increased business volume from the industry’s leading OEM companies. We have largely rebuilt our volume levels with the top five multinational PC suppliers, and attained number one supplier ratings at the world’s two leading PC makers.
This spring, Western Digital aligned with a number of these leading PC makers and other IT industry leaders including AMD, Compaq, Gateway and Hewlett-Packard to form an open Internet exchange for PC components, eHITEX. This new B2B marketplace enables buyers and sellers involved in the computing and electronics-related industry to manage their supply chains more effectively, reduce costs, improve delivery of products and services, and increase customer satisfaction.
The rapid growth of cable and satellite broadcasting and digital music and video recording has opened vast new markets for Western Digital’s specialized home entertainment products and core
competencies. These non-traditional markets for hard drives are forecasted by IDC to grow at
greater than 90% compound annual growth rate from 1999 through 2004. The company
has active relationships with all of the major cable operators, set top box manufacturers
and gaming box companies — the segments that are expected to provide the early growth
in this exciting new market for hard drives. Equipped with WD-exclusive StreamWeaverTM and WhisperDriveTM technologies for data streaming and acoustics control in high-performance audio/visual applications, WD PerformerTM hard drives are designed for each of these applications and other consumer products. A major endorsement for these drives was their selection by Microsoft WebTV Networks, Inc. for use in its UltimateTV service as part of an advanced RCA DIRECTV system.
In fiscal year 2000 and early 2001, Western Digital launched two promising operations addressing new markets. Connex, a developer of network storage solutions, enables companies to efficiently fulfill their departmental storage requirements, as well as evolve from simple network-attached storage systems to
   
  enterprise-wide storage area networks. Connex is attracting a set of customers in targeted vertical markets with the introduction of its N3000TM NAS solution. The features, performance and security of this product have received excellent reviews from the field, where it is at work in a wide variety of industries and applications.
SageTree, a software company providing packaged analytic applications and professional services, entered the supply chain intelligence market in June. Its first major software product, SageQuestTM software, is a web- based, enterprise-wide analytic application that quickly won industry acclaim. SageTree is making its solution available to manufacturing companies seeking higher efficiencies across supply chains and product lifecycles. On emerging from its development phase, SageTree received a $10 million investment from NCR Corporation, a data warehousing leader.
Western Digital ended the year with $184 million in cash. We reduced our long-term debt by $300 million and the remaining $225 million balance represents convertible debentures that are convertible into WD common stock at the holder’s option and generally payable in WD common stock or cash at the company’s option. In September 2000, we signed an agreement with a lending group for a new $125 million credit agreement.
We are continuing the tight controls that over the last eight quarters reduced our annual operating expense run rate by $200 million and our cash conversion cycle by 16 days. Last year’s improvement in WD’s core operations permitted us to increase our funding of new ventures, making available $40 million for investment in Connex, SageTree and other new ventures.
As we enter fiscal 2001, we are finding additional opportunities for profit improvement and ways to improve our value to customers in our traditional business. Our new venture investments are taking hold in their markets, providing the expectation for profit contributions, greater balance in our operations, and the possibility of leveraged financing opportunities.
Western Digital is building businesses in the high-growth global markets for personal storage, networked storage, storage management software, analytical software, home entertainment, e-business ventures and data communication. We have the seasoned technological expertise that people and businesses will need as they collect, build, manage and secure the information that becomes the new digital universe.
I look forward to keeping you informed of our progress on these fronts.
Matthew E. Massengill
President and Chief Executive Officer
 