    To Our Shareholders:
Fiscal 1997 was Western Digital’s best year ever. The Company produced record unit volume, revenues, net income and earnings per share as well as record shareholders’ equity.
As the 1997 fiscal year marked Western Digital’s fifth year with present manage- ment, it seems appropriate not only to review the year’s results but also to summarize where we have taken the Company since 1992. This has been a time of dramatic change that positioned Western Digital as a major player in the worldwide market for hard drives, earned us a place among the Fortune 500 companies and, in 1996, gained recognition for Western Digital as the number one company on that list in total return to shareholders.
In September of 1992, our Personal Storage Division launched its “platform strategy,” which was the precursor of our “asset management strategy” — the fundamental ingredient in our financial success. We succeeded in establishing the Western Digital brand name while shedding assets that were not “core” to our hard drive business. We divested unrelated businesses such as graphics acceleration, battery chargers, SCSI adapter boards and fibre channel products, and in late 1995 we formed our Enterprise Storage Group from scratch.
ESG has been a great and early success. This new operation brought its first products to market in a record 21 months, and became profitable in its first quarter of volume operation. This group is now responsible for approximately 1,200 people in its Rochester, Minnesota headquarters and in its Tuas, Singapore production facility.
     ...a full-line hard drive supplier to the world’s leading computer makers.

        3
 Desktop Computing
Enterprise Computing
Mobile Computing
Western Digital Corporation
       
   stern Digital’s Products
   Western Digital ranks among the world’s top producers of desktop computer hard drives. WD Caviar EIDE hard drives are used by leading computer makers and are the most often recommended hard drives for replacement and add-on uses.
Western Digital builds WD Enterprise SCSI hard drives for workstations, file servers, multi-user, audio- video and a wide variety of network applications.
  Western Digital manufactures WD Portfolio hard drives for mobile computers in a new, 3-inch format that provides 70 percent more recording area per platter than the 2.5-inch format that has been in use for years.
    4
Western Digital Corporation
e
       
  ...record unit volume, revenues, net income and earnings per share as well as record shareholders’ equity.
Thus, the Western Digital of today is quite unlike the company we knew in 1992. We have become a full-line hard drive supplier to the world’s leading computer makers. Hard drive revenues have grown more than sixfold and, with financial disciplines in place, the Company is now solidly profitable. Long-term debt has been reduced from $243 million to zero, and cash reserves have grown from $34 million to more than $200 million. In recognition of these accom- plishments, the Company’s market value grew from $142 million in 1992 to more than $2.7 billion by the end of fiscal 1997.
A point of pride for the people of Western Digital is the attainment of special recognition for the Company’s brand name. The Western Digital brand has come to mean quality, reliability and exceptional security for the information that people create and collect in their professional and personal lives.
Western Digital’s success over these five years could not have been accomplished without the able leadership of Kathy Braun, President and Chief Operating Officer of our Personal Storage Division, Marc Nussbaum, Senior Vice President of Engineering for Personal Storage, Matt Massengill, Senior Vice President and General Manager of our Enterprise Storage Group, David Schafer, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales, and Duston Williams, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. These leaders and the more than 13,000 associates we have at Western Digital are dedicated to increasing shareholder value. That’s our true measure.
We look forward to bringing you a $10 billion company within the next five years.
Sincerely,
Charles A. Haggerty Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer September 12, 1997
   5
   