Dear Fellow Shareholder,
This year’s annual report theme — “focused on the fundamentals” — underscores the four core principles of our business: safety, efficiency, reliability and financial discipline. We believe that following these principles will make for an enduring franchise.
These principles guide us as we deliver essential services to our customers: electric power, natural gas and, in downtown Milwaukee, steam. All of these are vital to maintaining healthy businesses and also providing comfort and convenience. In many cases, our systems are critical to saving and maintaining the lives of our customers.
One of things I am most pleased about is our continued progress to achieving zero harm to our employees — what we call “Target Zero.” In 2016, WEC Energy Group demonstrated significant improvement in its safety performance. Employee participation in proactive safety reporting and in health and wellness programs grew significantly. In addition, the number of OSHA-recordable incidents and lost-time incidents decreased by almost
17 percent on a year-over-year basis.
Our employees work tirelessly to achieve optimal operational results with a customer focus. We Energies, our
Milwaukee-based utility, was recognized again for its reliability and customer service in 2016. For the sixth year in a row, We Energies received the ReliabilityOneTM Award for Outstanding Reliability Performance in the Midwest.
We Energies also was honored with the Outstanding Customer Reliability Experience Award, underscoring the company’s effective customer service and communications.
Our utilities continue to improve the critical infrastructure required to provide service to our customers. These investments will renew and modernize our delivery networks, reduce operating costs, and improve reliability and energy efficiency. Some of the most notable initiatives are as follows.
NEW NATURAL GAS STORAGE
In January, we signed an agreement to acquire Bluewater Natural Gas Holding LLC, an underground
   2016 ANNUAL REPORT | 1
Our utilities continue to improve the critical infrastructure required to provide service to our customers.

 The four core principles of our business are safety, efficiency, reliability and financial discipline.
natural gas storage facility in Michigan that will provide approximately one-third of the storage needs for our natural gas distribution companies in Wisconsin. The total acquisition price is $230 million.
Bluewater will have three long-term service agreements with our natural gas distribution companies. Under the terms of these agreements, we expect that the risks and returns associated with the investment will be consistent with those that we see in our regulated businesses. In addition, we believe this storage will result in significant savings to our customers over time.
We filed a request with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin in February for a declaratory ruling to determine if it is reasonable for our Wisconsin natural gas utilities to enter into these transactions. We expect a decision by fall 2017.
IMPROVING RELIABILITY IN NORTHERN WISCONSIN
Wisconsin Public Service is in the process of converting more than 1,000 miles of overhead electric power lines to underground and adding automation equipment on 400 miles of lines to increase reliability for customers. The $220 million project began in 2014 and was scheduled for completion in 2018; however, the project has brought such benefits to customers that we are proposing to expand it to include an additional 900-plus miles. This approximately $200 million extension is scheduled to be completed in 2021.
replacing a powerhouse built in 1912. This project has resulted in large improvements in safety and efficiency. Using the same water flow and pressure, with modern turbine technology, the new powerhouse generates
50 percent more clean, reliable and renewable power than the previous one.
A YEAR OF FINANCIAL ACHIEVEMENT
We are delivering on the promised benefits of the Integrys acquisition completed in June 2015. In fact, our efforts to date have resulted in a nearly 6 percent reduction in operations and maintenance expenses compared to our original target of a reduction of 3 to
5 percent. I believe that, as we continue to streamline and consolidate our systems across the enterprise, we will deliver even more benefits.
Since efficiency and financial discipline go hand-in-hand, we were able to achieve our primary financial goal of earning the allowed return on equity at each of our utilities, while also achieving record earnings per share — growing by more than 8 percent in 2016 over our 2015 stand-alone adjusted earnings per share.
At its January 2017 meeting, our board of directors raised the quarterly dividend on the common stock to 52 cents per share — an increase of 2.5 cents, or 5.1 percent over the previous quarterly dividend level. This represents a compound annual growth rate of 6.6 percent from the 2015 fourth-quarter level. Our annual dividend rate stands at $2.08 per share. The board affirmed our dividend policy that targets a dividend payout ratio of 65 to 70 percent of earnings.
CONTINUING PROGRESS
Looking to the future, I recognize that we need to remain customer-focused and cost-conscious. I also believe that some form of carbon emission regulation is ultimately inevitable. As the regulation of carbon emissions takes shape, our plan is to work with our industry partners, environmental groups and the state of Wisconsin to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by approximately
40 percent below 2005 levels by 2030.
In 2016, about half of the electricity we delivered to our customers was derived from low- or no-carbon sources such as natural gas, nuclear fuel, wind farms and hydroelectric facilities. However, we want to continue to make progress in this area. Relatively flat electricity demand growth, coupled with natural gas and coal economics, have driven us to re-evaluate our generation portfolio. Taken as a group, I want any changes that we
MODERNIZING CHICAGO’S NATURAL GAS SYSTEM
Peoples Gas is currently in the early stages of a long-term program to replace approximately 2,000 miles of aging pipelines in Chicago. This will ensure the safe and efficient delivery of natural gas to more than 800,000 customers. In the next three years, we’re planning on replacing 250 miles with an investment of approximately $280 million to $300 million annually. The project is more than 20 percent complete.
NEW RENEWABLE GENERATION
In July 2016, the new powerhouse at the Twin Falls hydroelectric facility achieved commercial operation,
2 | WEC ENERGY GROUP

make to reduce costs, preserve fuel diversity and keep us on a path to reducing our carbon emissions.
One example of these changes is our proposal to invest approximately $275 million in a 180-MW natural-gas- fueled generation facility in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. We’re targeting commercial operation in 2019, at which time we expect to be in a position to retire our coal-fueled Presque Isle Power Plant. This would significantly reduce operations and maintenance expense as well as carbon dioxide emissions.
IN CONCLUSION
Our employees remain the bedrock of our company.
We value, support and develop our colleagues who are making a difference every day in a mission that matters. By keeping employees and customers at the heart of our business, and by working every day to help to grow and support the communities we serve, we believe that we can continue to achieve superior results.
Thank you for your investment in WEC Energy Group,
Allen L. Leverett
President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2017
      New utility proposes generation solution for Upper Peninsula of Michigan
Upper Michigan Energy Resources Corp. (UMERC), our stand-alone utility in the Upper Peninsula (U.P.) of Michigan, began operation Jan. 1, 2017.
Electric service Natural gas service
The new utility will help facilitate a future generation solution for the region.
In January, the company filed an application with the Michigan Public Service Commission proposing an estimated $275 million investment in approximately
180 megawatts of natural gas-fueled generation in two locations — Marquette County and Baraga County. The new generation will assure long-term electric reliability in the U.P. and allow for the retirement of the coal-fueled Presque Isle Power Plant.
The proposed facilities would use electric generators called reciprocating internal combustion engines (RICE). These modular engines run on natural gas and allow for reliable and flexible operations.
This technology also provides the following benefits:
• Efficiency is maintained over a wide range of generation output.
• The environmental impact is very low — including limited water use.
• The engines are delivered and installed in modules, sized for the needed capacity.
If approved, construction is planned to begin in late 2017 or early 2018. Commercial operation is planned for 2019.
                                                   2016 ANNUAL REPORT | 3
