 To oUR sTocKHolDERs,
A decade ago, I had the privilege of working in the energy industry in England.
The company I was responsible for leading was based in Bristol — a city much like Milwaukee with a long history in engineering, design, and manufacturing.
During those years abroad, I often heard the phrase ‘Ship shape and Bristol fashion’ — a phrase that celebrated a job well done, a pride in setting a new standard of excellence.
Fast forward to today. A different time. Different challenges. But with apologies to that old English phrase, Wisconsin Energy finished 2008...ship shape and Milwaukee fashion. From customer satisfaction to network reliability to progress on our Power the Future plan, the company made great strides during the year. And in a tough economy, we posted solid financial results.
Here are some of the highlights of 2008.
HIGHER EARNINGs
Wisconsin Energy’s earnings from continuing operations grew to $3.03 a share in 2008, an increase of 6.7 percent over 2007. Cash from operations rose over the previous year as well to a new record high.
 2 | WISCONSIN ENERGY CORPORATION
2008 ANNuAl REPORT | 3
Gale e. Klappa
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
In one of the most volatile years in history for the financial markets, I’m pleased to report that Wisconsin Energy stock performed in the top 20 percent of all stocks listed in the united States and in the top 15 percent of major American utilities during 2008. And Wisconsin Energy’s total shareholder return over the past three years exceeded the return you would have earned in the S&P 500, the Dow Jones Industrials, the NASDAQ, or our peer group of regulated utilities.
last December, our board of directors approved a new policy that targets stronger growth in future dividends. The new policy paved the way for a 25 percent increase in our dividend effective in the first quarter of 2009. The new dividend is equivalent to an annual rate of $1.35 per share. This marks the sixth consecutive year that we’ve been able to raise your dividend.
Our new target calls for us to pay out between 40 and 45 percent of our earnings in dividends each year from 2009 through 2011, and a slightly higher payout ratio of 45 to 50 percent starting in 2012.
 the compAny mAde gReAt stRides duRing the yeAR. And in A tough economy, we
posted solid finAnciAl Results.
 
  we Added moRe megAwAtts of cApAcity in 2008 thAn in Any otheR yeAR in ouR histoRy.
 sATIsFIED cUsToMERs
As I’ve mentioned over the years, one of our most important goals is to become the industry leader in customer satisfaction.It is our constant focus every day in every interaction with every customer. We made clear progress toward our goal in 2008 — achieving our best customer satisfaction ratings since the merger of Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas — and, we believe, our highest levels of customer satisfaction ever. Data from independent surveys confirm that we performed in the top quartile of the utility industry in 2008.
WoRlD-clAss RElIAbIlITy
Reliability, of course, is a key component of customer satisfaction, and our results in this area were noteworthy as well. In fact, during the 355 days last year when there were no major storms disrupting our network, it took less than 84 minutes on average to restore power to customers who experienced an outage. This is the best restoration time since the company began keeping records.
I would be remiss if I didn’t mention one other operational milestone. In 2008, we posted the best employee safety record in company history. Our emphasis throughout the corporation on working smart — on being responsible for each other’s safety — has reduced our lost-time accidents by more than 65 percent since 2003. I’m proud of our employees, whose skill and determination led to this accomplishment.
PoWER THE FUTURE UPDATE
If you’ve followed the company over the past several years, you know that our major strategic initiative continues to be our Power the Future plan — a massive and much needed upgrade to strengthen the energy infrastructure of the region. The plan calls for completing four new generating units between the years 2005 and 2010, plus the building of Wisconsin’s largest wind farm to date. When all is said and done, our investment in these infrastructure projects will total more than $2.9 billion.
As the theme line on the cover of this report points out, we’re literally seeing the future in the making. During 2008, with the completion of two key components of our Power the Future plan, we added more megawatts
of capacity to our generating fleet than in any other year in our history.
In May, the second 545-megawatt unit at our Port Washington Generating Station began commercial service. And later that same month, the Blue Sky Green Field wind farm began producing 145 megawatts of carbon-free electricity for our customers.
Our Port Washington station consists of two identical natural gas-fired units. Both units were completed on time and on budget and both were recognized by Power Engineering magazine as the “Best Gas-fired Project of the Year.”
Blue Sky Green Field was completed under budget and ahead of schedule. It consists of 88 wind turbines arrayed across 10,600 acres of farmland in eastern Wisconsin.This project is one of several targeted efforts we’re undertaking to deliver more energy from renewable resources and to comply with Wisconsin’s renewable energy law.
To meet the state standards, we must continue to add to our portfolio of renewable generation.We took the next step on this path in October when we filed with the Wisconsin Public Service Commission for approval to build the Glacier Hills Wind Park, approximately 45 miles northeast of Madison. Our plans call for the placement of up to 90 wind turbines that could produce approximately 200 megawatts of electricity. Cost estimates range from $340 million to $530 million, depending on the turbine size and other factors. Commercial operation is expected by 2012.
oAK cREEK ExPANsIoN
Certainly no discussion of our progress would be complete without a review of our largest Power the Future project in Oak Creek, south of Milwaukee, where we are building two 615-megawatt coal-fired units.
I’m pleased to report that we reached an agreement last summer with the two environmental groups that had been opposing the water intake permit for the plant. under the settlement, the groups withdrew their opposition. The deadline for appealing the water intake permit subsequently passed, so we now have all the permits needed to complete the Oak Creek expansion, and all litigation surrounding these permits has been resolved.
On the construction front, unit 1 and the common facilities at Oak Creek were 85 percent complete at
the end of 2008. unit 2 was approximately 37 percent complete. Bechtel Power Corporation, our general contractor, continues to target the completion of unit 1 by the end of this year and unit 2 eight months later at the end of August 2010.
As you may know, in late December, Bechtel submitted formal claims requesting that we and our two partners in the Oak Creek project pay $485 million above the amount that is called for in our lump sum, turnkey contract. Of that total, $413 million is for cost and schedule relief that Bechtel relates to severe weather, changes in local labor conditions, and other factors.
The remaining $72 million is for the alleged effects of changes and delays prior to our issuing the full notice to proceed with construction in July 2005. We believe Bechtel was fully compensated for any and all impacts of the delayed start.
Finally, Bechtel has asked for six months of relief from liquidated damages beyond the September 29, 2009, guaranteed completion date for unit 1, and three months of relief beyond the September 29, 2010, guaranteed date for unit 2.
We’re reviewing the claims and have asked Bechtel for additional information. We expect the claims to be resolved through the formal dispute resolution process outlined in the contract. If we’re not able to reach agreement in non-binding mediation, we will move to binding arbitration. The process could take up to
18 months to complete.
THE cHAllENGEs AHEAD
There’s no question that 2009 will be a difficult year for the Wisconsin and u.S. economies. Our service area has a diverse commercial and industrial base that often mitigates the impact of economic downturns. But we are not immune to the challenges facing our customers. In the fourth quarter alone, consumption of electricity by our retail customers declined by 4.9 percent.
To prepare for the economic turmoil that lies ahead, we’ve taken several steps to lower our costs for 2009 — tightening operating and maintenance budgets, deferring certain capital projects, restricting hiring, and freezing officer salaries. We will continue to monitor closely the trends in our revenues and our spending. And we’ll take additional steps, if necessary, to stay...’ship shape.’
like every business buffeted by the economic times, we face near-term challenges. Yet today, as I close this letter, I’m more optimistic than ever about our future — a future in which our company is positioned well for exceptional performance and solid growth. We have the tools. We have the focus. We have the energy.
On behalf of our entire management team, thank you for your confidence and support.
Sincerely,
Gale E. Klappa
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 5, 2009
   4 | WISCONSIN ENERGY CORPORATION
2008 ANNuAl REPORT | 5
