 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS,
It was the 19th century — a different time and a different world — when the American poet Ralph Waldo Emerson wrote...“the years teach much which the days never know.”
That phrase has echoed through history. But it has particular meaning for our company and for our industry today as we work to power the economy with a reliable, cost-effective supply of clean energy.
The years have taught us that there is no perfect fuel source...that over reliance on a single fuel is not a sound strategy...and that a portfolio of assets rich in
GALE E. KLAPPA
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
fuel diversity is the key to meeting our customers’ energy needs for the long term.
Our Power the Future plan, which is now complete, applied this fundamental lesson.
Over the past decade, we’ve modernized our fleet of power plants. We’ve retired a number of older, less-efficient units. We’ve added state-of-the-art environmental controls at our most productive facilities.
We’ve added 50 percent more capacity to our fleet — capacity that is equally balanced between
coal and natural gas. We’ve built the two largest wind farms in Wisconsin and, later this year, we plan to complete a new biomass-fueled power plant that will burn wood waste from the northern Wisconsin forests.
Today, our operating fleet is rich in fuel diversity. And we’ve reduced our emissions by 80 percent since the year 2000.
It didn’t take long before these assets were put to the test. This past summer, on July 5 and 6, as temperatures rose above 100 degrees, we were asked to operate our new
coal- and natural gas-fired units at or above their maximum summer capacity ratings to help keep the lights on and commerce flowing. And I’m pleased to report that our Power the Future units performed exceptionally well.
MILESTONES ACHIEVED
Overall, 2012 was a remarkable year for Wisconsin Energy. We achieved milestones in customer satisfaction, employee safety, and network reliability.
We attained the highest customer satisfaction ratings in the past decade, achieved the best safety record in the history of the company, and we were named the most reliable utility in the Midwest for the eighth time in the past 11 years.
Overall, 2012 was a remarkable year for Wisconsin Energy.
Financially, we delivered record net income and record earnings per share — $546 million and $2.35 per share. Both were notable increases over 2011. We also made significant progress toward a dividend payout that is more competitive with our peers. More on our dividend policy a bit later in this letter.
A number of factors contributed to our strong financial performance in 2012, starting with the weather. We began 2012 with the warmest winter in 122 years, followed by a summer heat wave. In fact, 2012 was the warmest year on record in our region, breaking a mark that was set in 1931.
Our 2012 earnings were also driven by a $1.3 billion investment in modern environmental controls for the older coal-fired units at our Oak Creek site and by a full year of operation at our Glacier Hills Wind Park.
Energy sales to our large commercial and industrial customers — excluding the iron ore mines that we serve in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula — dropped by 0.7 percent during the year. This was slightly better than our expectations. Our plan for 2012 projected a decline in sales to our large commercial and industrial group because two customers began using their own self-generation. Excluding these two customers and the iron ore mines, energy sales to our large customer segment actually rose by 1.1 percent for the full year.
Wisconsin Energy stock outperformed the utility sector by a wide margin.
An encouraging uptick in new customer connections also continued during 2012. New electric service installations were up by 8.7 percent, and connections of new natural gas customers rose by 13 percent over the prior year.
2012 was a year that saw utility stocks lag the major market indices. Uncertainty over future tax rates on dividends weighed heavily on utility shares, particularly in the fourth quarter as the debate continued in Washington over the “fiscal cliff.” I’m pleased to note, however, that Wisconsin Energy stock outperformed the utility sector by a wide margin. Our shares set 35 new all-time trading highs during the year, reaching $41.48 per share on August 1.
Over the past decade, our total shareholder return has outperformed the investment returns of the Dow Jones Industrials, the S&P 500, NASDAQ, and all the major utility indexes. In fact, as you can see from the performance table on this page, our total shareholder return for the past five years was nearly four times
greater than the next best alternative.
 TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN*
Five-Year Performance (2008–2012)
 WISCONSIN ENERGY
 76.2%
 Dow Jones Industrial Average
 13.8%
 S&P 500 Index
 8.6%
 NASDAQ Composite Index
 20.4%
 Philadelphia Utility Index
 0.3%
 S&P Electric Index
  –4.5%
  2 | WISCONSIN ENERGY CORPORATION
2012 ANNUAL REPORT | 3
*Stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends.

 DIVIDEND INCREASE
Of course, a significant portion of the total return that we deliver to our shareholders comes in the form of dividends. And, as we turned the page to 2013, our board of directors took two important steps.
First, the directors raised the quarterly dividend on our company’s common stock to 34 cents a share, effective with the first quarter payment of 2013. The new dividend is equivalent to an annual rate of $1.36 a share — an increase of 13.3 percent.
Second, the board affirmed our policy to achieve a dividend payout ratio of 60 percent of earnings in 2014. In addition, the board adopted a follow-on policy targeting a dividend payout that trends to 65 to 70 percent of earnings in 2017. This policy should support double-digit growth in the dividend in 2014 and
7 to 8 percent growth in the years 2015 through 2017.
The strong, positive cash flows from our underlying business will help support our dividend policy as well as the share repurchase program that the board authorized. Through the end of 2012, we’ve returned additional value to shareholders by repurchasing nearly $152 million of our common stock at an average price of $32.63 a share.
PROGRESS ON ESSENTIAL INFRASTRUCTURE
Earlier in this letter, I mentioned that our Power the Future construction is complete. But there is much more work to do — installing new environmental controls, renewing and strengthening our distribution networks, and completing the renewable energy projects that are necessary to meet the standard set by the state of Wisconsin for the year 2015.
We made excellent progress on these projects during 2012. We completed the air quality control upgrades for the four older units at our Oak Creek site — upgrades that are dramatically reducing emissions from these units. At just under $900 million, this was the second largest construction project in company history. It was completed on time and slightly better than budget.
Progress also continued on the 50-megawatt biomass plant in Rothschild, Wisconsin. Construction is approximately 70 percent complete, and we’re on schedule for commercial operation by the end of this
year. The unit will efficiently produce electricity for the grid and steam for the paper mill owned and operated on the same site by Domtar Corporation. Our investment in the biomass plant is expected to total between $245 million and $255 million.
MOVING FORWARD
We’re also studying ways to reduce the fuel costs at our Oak Creek expansion units. You’ll recall that these new units were placed into service in 2010 and 2011 and are permitted to burn bituminous coal from the eastern United States.
However, in the decade since we first applied for authority to build, market forces have nearly tripled the price differential between eastern bituminous coal and western sub-bituminous coal. Because we expect a price differential to remain in place for the foreseeable future, we’ve asked the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources for a revised air permit that will allow us to test burn a blend of eastern and western coals at our Oak Creek expansion units. We believe this project could significantly lower fuel costs for our customers.
In addition, we’ve been working to identify a life extension option for our Presque Isle Power Plant in Marquette, Michigan — an option that would be beneficial for our customers in light of proposed changes in federal environmental rules.
In late November, we signed a definitive agreement with Wolverine Power Cooperative that calls for Wolverine to acquire a minority interest in the plant by funding new state-of-the-art emission controls for the facility.
The joint venture will not reduce our investment in the plant, but we expect that it will reduce our operating costs. We will seek approvals from the Michigan and Wisconsin commissions this year. We hope to begin construction in 2014.
In Milwaukee, we announced plans to convert the fuel source for our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas. The Valley plant produces electricity and provides voltage support for Milwaukee’s downtown business center. It also delivers a reliable supply of steam to heat hundreds of downtown buildings. Our analysis shows that converting the fuel source for the plant will reduce our operating costs and enhance the environmental performance of the Valley units.
We plan to seek regulatory approval to modify the Valley plant. The project could be completed by late 2015 at an estimated cost of $60 million to $65 million. We believe the plan we’ve put in place will secure Valley’s role in meeting the energy needs of a vibrant downtown Milwaukee for many years to come.
I should also point out that we’re investigating the need to expand our natural gas distribution network in western Wisconsin. The region will need additional supplies of natural gas to meet demand from homes, businesses, and the growing sand mining industry in that part of the state. We’re preparing to file for commission approval to invest approximately $150 million in the first phase of this major distribution project.
Our capital spending plan calls for investing $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion over the five-year period through 2017.
Our capital spending plan calls for investing $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion over the five-year period through 2017. In addition to the projects I’ve mentioned, our major focus will be on needed upgrades to our aging infrastructure — the building blocks of our delivery business — pipes, poles, wires, transformers, and substations. These projects
will be smaller in scale than the megaprojects we’ve completed over the past decade. But this work is essential to maintaining our status as the most reliable utility in the Midwest.
STANDING THE TEST OF TIME
History tells us that companies truly built to last — organizations that deliver enduring value over time — adapt to change and execute their plans with a laser focus on integrity and customer satisfaction.
For more than 100 years, Wisconsin Energy has stood the test of time. Today, we look to a future marked by resilience and growth. I believe our best days are ahead.
On behalf of our entire management team, thank you for your confidence, your support, and your investment in Wisconsin Energy.
Sincerely,
Gale E. Klappa
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer March 5, 2013
 4 | WISCONSIN ENERGY CORPORATION
2012 ANNUAL REPORT | 5
