 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS,
It was quite a year ...
• We delivered record financial results.
• Our stock price rose by more than 27 percent,
setting 29 new all-time highs.
• Our total shareholder return was 32.1 percent —
surpassing the performance of all of the major
utility indexes.
• We raised our dividend payment by 8 percent.
• We were named the most reliable utility in the
Midwest again — extending our strong track record of network reliability and customer satisfaction.
GALE E. KLAPPA
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
• We achieved the safest year of operation in more than 100 years of record keeping.
• We invested nearly $740 million in our core business, with all major projects on time and on budget.
• We completed 2014 with the strongest balance sheet in 17 years.
• And we were honored as one of the 100 best corporate citizens in the United States.
In addition to these achievements, 2014 will stand out as one of the most eventful and transformative years
2 | WISCONSIN ENERGY CORPORATION

 in our history for another important reason. On June 23, we announced our plan to acquire Integrys Energy Group in a cash and stock transaction valued
at $9.1 billion.
Combining Wisconsin Energy and Integrys — to form the WEC Energy Group — will create a strong electric and natural gas delivery company with deep operational expertise, scale, and the financial resources to meet the region’s future energy needs. The combined company will serve more than
4.3 million customers in Wisconsin, Illinois, Michigan, and Minnesota and will become the 8th largest natural gas distribution company in the United States.
Our customers will benefit from the efficiency that comes with increased scale and geographic proximity. And, over time, we will enhance the operations of the seven utilities that will be part of our energy group by incorporating best practices systemwide.
In addition, Integrys is one of the major owners of American Transmission Company, with a 34.1 percent interest. Wisconsin Energy is the second largest owner with a 26.2 percent interest. The combined entity will have a 60 percent stake in one of the largest transmission companies in the country. We welcome the opportunity to increase our commitment to the transmission business.
2014 will stand out as one of the most eventful and transformative years in our history
As many of you know, we have consistently used three criteria to evaluate any potential acquisition opportunity. First, we would have to believe that the acquisition would add to earnings per share in the first full calendar year after closing. Second, it would need to have a largely neutral impact on our credit ratings. And finally, we would have to believe that the long-term growth rate of any acquisition would be at least equal to Wisconsin Energy’s stand-alone growth rate.
Our analysis shows that this combination meets or exceeds all three criteria. We expect that the combined company will be able to grow earnings per share at 5 to 7 percent per year, faster than either one of us is projecting on a stand-alone basis. And, importantly, more than 99 percent of these earnings would come from regulated businesses.
We expect that the combined company will be able to grow earnings per share at 5 to 7 percent per year
Of course, the transaction requires stockholder approval and the approval of several regulatory
2014 ANNUAL REPORT | 3

agencies. I’m pleased to report that we’re making progress on all fronts.
As you may recall, the stockholders of both companies approved the acquisition on November 21 of last year. In addition, the U.S. Department of
Justice completed its review on October 24, with no further action required by the company.
We expect rulings from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the commissions in Wisconsin, Illinois, Michigan, and Minnesota between now and early July. Following all necessary approvals, we plan to close the transaction during the second half of 2015.
In a related development, we reached an important settlement in January that will help resolve the electric reliability issues in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and pave the way for approval of our acquisition by Michigan state authorities. The settlement calls for the sale of electric distribution assets in the Upper Peninsula that are owned by both Integrys and Wisconsin Energy. We would also transfer our Presque Isle Power Plant to Upper Peninsula Power Company. This arrangement will result in a larger, Michigan- based electric utility that can better plan to meet the longer-term needs of the Upper Peninsula.
DIVIDEND STRATEGY
At its January 2015 meeting, our board of directors raised the quarterly dividend on Wisconsin Energy common stock to 42.25 cents a share — an increase of 8.3 percent over the dividend paid during 2014. The new quarterly dividend is equivalent to an annual rate of $1.69 a share. The board reaffirmed our stand-alone dividend policy that targets a dividend payout ratio of 65 to 70 percent of earnings in 2017 — a level more competitive with our peers across the regulated utility sector.
When we close the Integrys acquisition, we expect to increase our dividend again — by 7 to 8 percent for Wisconsin Energy stockholders — to reflect the dividend policy of the combined company. Going forward, the payout target for the combined company is expected to be 65 to 70 percent of earnings.
IMPORTANT INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENTS TO CONTINUE
Looking ahead, we see significant investment opportunities in our existing core business as we
continue to upgrade our aging distribution networks and focus on delivering the future.
Wisconsin Energy’s capital budget calls for spending $3.3 billion to $3.5 billion over the five-year period 2015 to 2019. Our rolling 10-year capital budget calls for investing between $6.6 billion and $7.2 billion over the period 2015 through 2024.
And I’m pleased to report that we made excellent progress on several major infrastructure projects during 2014.
We see significant investment opportunities in our existing core business
West Central Gas Expansion Project Last July, we received approval from the Wisconsin Public Service Commission to build and operate a new natural gas lateral in west central Wisconsin. The 85 miles of pipeline and connected facilities will run from northern Eau Claire County, in the far western part of Wisconsin, to the city of Tomah, in the west central section of the state. The project is the largest single expansion in the history of our natural gas distribution business. It will help meet the growing demand for natural gas by customers who are converting from propane and also help serve the sand mining industry in the region.
Field work began in October, and we expect to complete the entire project in the fourth quarter of this year at an estimated cost of $175 million to $185 million.
The project is the largest single expansion in the history of our natural gas distribution business
Twin Falls At our Twin Falls hydroelectric plant on the Menominee River between Wisconsin and Michigan’s Upper Peninsula, we’re building a new powerhouse and adding spillway capacity to meet current federal standards. Built in 1912, Twin Falls is one of 13 hydroelectric plants on our system. The project is approximately 40 percent complete, and we’re projecting commercial operation for the
4 | WISCONSIN ENERGY CORPORATION

 Chairman and Chief Executive Gale Klappa and President Allen Leverett at Discovery World in Milwaukee.
summer of 2016. The total investment is budgeted at $60 million to $65 million.
Valley Power Plant Near downtown Milwaukee, conversion of our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas is progressing well. The two-unit plant generates electricity, produces steam for more than 400 customers in the downtown Milwaukee business center, and provides voltage support for the grid.
Converting Valley to natural gas will reduce our operating costs and enhance the environmental performance of the units.
Unit 1 achieved commercial operation burning natural gas in November. Conversion of Unit 2 should be completed later this year before the start of the winter heating season. Total conversion costs are expected to be $65 million to $70 million.
Oak Creek Expansion At our Oak Creek Expansion units, we’re focused on our initiative to improve fuel flexibility. The units were initially permitted to burn bituminous coal, but given the current cost differential between bituminous coal and Powder River Basin coal — blending the two types of fuel could save our
customers $25 million to $50 million a year, depending on the blend.
We’re awaiting approval from the Wisconsin Commission to make additional investments in plant modifications, equipment, and storage capability to support sustained operations with higher levels of Powder River Basin coal. Together, these investments could total $80 million and provide significant benefits to our customers through lower fuel costs.
IN SUMMARY
Centuries ago, the philosopher Aristotle wrote that excellence is not a single act ... but a habit.
Please know that our management team will continue to pursue excellence in the year ahead as we build a leader in the energy industry for decades to come.
Sincerely,
Gale E. Klappa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2015
 2014 ANNUAL REPORT | 5
