 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS,
It’s only the beginning. It’s only just the start.
Those lyrics — from the sound track of a different era — describe the state of our company today as we close
the chapter on an historic year.
As we’ve reported to you, we completed the acquisition of Integrys on June 29 — forming WEC Energy Group, the leading electric and natural gas utility system in the Midwest.
GALE E. KLAPPA
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
WEC Energy Group is now the eighth largest natural gas distribution company in the country and one of the 15 largest investor-owned utility systems in the United States. We have a strong platform for growth — a platform focused on the energy infrastructure needs of 4.4 million customers in Wisconsin, Illinois, Michigan, and Minnesota.
And we continue to see tremendous opportunity in the framework of the new company. WEC Energy Group
2 | WEC ENERGY GROUP

 has the scale, scope, technical depth, geographic reach, and financial resources to thrive in our consolidating industry. We’re leveraging these strengths and incorporating best practices across the organization to streamline our operations and reduce costs.
WEC Energy Group is now the
eighth largest natural gas distribution company in the country and
one of the 15 largest investor-owned utility systems in the United States.
Our 2016 budgets and operating plans are in place to achieve our first growth target — an increase of 6 to 8 percent in earnings per share. And for the longer term, beyond 2016, we see earnings per share growth of 5 to 7 percent a year.
A RECORD OF ACHIEVEMENT
Clearly, the work on our post-acquisition success plan progressed well during the second half of 2015. But we recorded a number of other significant achievements that demonstrate our focus on execution ... on delivering world-class results ... and on creating enduring value for our customers and stockholders.
For example, We Energies was named the most reliable utility in the Midwest for the fifth consecutive year. And in national studies, We Energies again ranked in the top quartile in the Midwest for customer service and power quality — and in the top quartile nationally for customer service. In addition, Wisconsin Public Service — based in Green Bay and now part of the WEC family — was ranked number two in the Midwest for overall customer satisfaction among mid-sized utilities.
We also reached a milestone for employee safety at We Energies, achieving the safest year in more than
115 years of operation.
We invested nearly $780 million in our core Wisconsin Energy business with all major projects on time and on budget. During the year, we completed the conversion of our Valley Power Plant near downtown Milwaukee from coal to natural gas. And on November 1, we placed into commercial service an 85-mile expansion of our natural gas distribution network in western Wisconsin — the largest expansion of our gas distribution system in our history.
In addition, we saw an uptick in customer growth. As we closed 2015, We Energies was serving approximately 6,500 more electric customers and more than 8,500 natural gas customers than we were a year ago.
From a financial standpoint, we continued to deliver solid earnings growth. Through disciplined cost control and effective planning, we delivered record earnings in 2015, despite a very warm fourth quarter. In fact, Milwaukee experienced the warmest December in its history, surpassing the former record set back in 1877.
Through dividends, we returned a total of $580 million of cash to our shareholders. For legacy Wisconsin Energy shareholders, 2015 marked a record year for dividend distributions.
Through disciplined cost control and effective planning, we delivered record earnings in 2015.
Then, in January, as we opened the new year, our board declared a quarterly cash dividend of 49.50 cents a share — an increase of 8.2 percent over the previous quarterly dividend. This raised the annual dividend rate to $1.98 a share. Going forward, we expect to pay out 65 to 70 percent of our earnings in dividends, and we project our dividends to grow in line with the growth in earnings per share.
SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES AHEAD
In today’s digital, just-in-time world, our customers rely to a greater degree than ever before on the continuous flow of electricity and natural gas. Our energy networks are literally the lifelines of society. And we’re vigilant about the need to maintain the safety of our operations as our infrastructure ages and as cyber security threats increase.
Looking ahead, assessing the reliability needs of our customers, we expect to invest at least $1.5 billion a year in new, modern infrastructure.
We estimate that more than half of our capital investments — about $800 million annually — will be dedicated to our natural gas delivery business, providing safer and more reliable infrastructure and extending our distribution
2015 ANNUAL REPORT | 3

network to customers across the Midwest. We also plan to invest about $400 million a year to upgrade and harden our electric delivery networks.
Looking ahead, assessing the needs of our customers, we expect to invest at least $1.5 billion a year in new, modern infrastructure.
We expect the remaining investments — approximately $300 million a year — will be focused on our generating fleet and corporate infrastructure. I should point out, however, that these projections do not include any capital that would be needed for compliance with the Clean Power Plan.
As you may know, the Clean Power Plan was introduced last year by the federal Environmental Protection Agency. The ultimate goal of this new regulation is to dramatically
reduce carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions across the United States by the year 2030. A specific target has been set for each state. In Wisconsin, for example, the plan calls for a 41 percent reduction in CO2 emissions with an interim target set for 2022.
The U.S. Supreme Court has stayed the regulation. However, if the plan survives all legal challenges, additional investments in transmission, renewable energy, and natural gas fueled power plants may well be needed.
I would add that during 2015, more than 50 percent of the electricity we delivered to our customers was already derived from low or no carbon sources such as natural gas, nuclear fuel, wind farms, and hydroelectric facilities.
PROGRESS CONTINUES ON MULTI-YEAR PROJECTS
As we help to chart the energy future of the region, we’re also making good progress on three multi-year projects that will clearly benefit our customers: the
Twin Falls Hydroelectric rebuild, the fuel flexibility initiative at our Oak Creek expansion units, and the replacement of aging gas mains in Chicago.
After more than 100 years of operation, we’re building a new power house and adding spillway capacity to meet current federal standards at our Twin Falls Hydroelectric Plant on the border of Wisconsin and
Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. The project is on time and on budget. We’re targeting commercial operation for this summer. And we continue to forecast a total investment of $60 to $65 million.
We’re also working to add fuel flexibility at our Oak Creek expansion units. These units initially were permitted to burn bituminous coal. But given the current cost differential between bituminous coal and Powder River Basin coal, blending the two types of fuel could save our customers $25 to $50 million a year.
Work is underway to expand our coal storage capability at the Oak Creek site. The larger site should be ready by early next year.
Also, the first capital improvement inside the plant was made on one of the units during a planned outage last fall. We plan to upgrade the second unit this spring. Our share of these investments for the new Oak Creek units is targeted at approximately $80 million.
We have a strong platform for growth focused on the energy infrastructure needs of 4.4 million customers in Wisconsin, Illinois, Michigan, and Minnesota.
FOCUS ON IMPROVEMENT IN ILLINOIS
We’re also moving forward on the Accelerated Main Replacement Program at Peoples Gas in Chicago. This is one of the largest natural gas infrastructure projects in the country. The program calls for the replacement of approximately 2,000 miles of Chicago’s aging gas pipelines. I’m pleased to report that over the past six months, we’ve taken significant steps to improve the management and performance of this project.
We engaged a nationally recognized engineering firm to conduct an extensive, independent review of the work plan and cost estimates. As part of our fresh start in Chicago, we filed a plan in November that lays out our top priorities for the next three years. Key components of the plan include: removal and replacement of more than 250 miles of aging cast-iron pipes in the neighborhoods most at risk, and regular updates to the Illinois Commerce Commission and other stakeholders to keep them fully informed of our progress.
4 | WEC ENERGY GROUP

 President Allen Leverett and Chairman and Chief Executive Gale Klappa at Discovery World in Milwaukee.
I’m confident that the steps we’re taking will provide Chicagoans with the safe, modern, natural gas delivery system they deserve.
So in summary, these are exciting times filled with opportunity — and change — for our company.
LEADERSHIP TRANSITION
And speaking of change, this will be my last message to you as the chief executive of our company. Effective May 1, I will be retiring as chief executive officer. After that date, I will continue to serve the company as non-executive chairman of the board.
I’m very pleased to tell you that Allen Leverett will succeed me as chief executive. He has also been appointed to our board of directors.
It seems like just a short time ago that Allen and I joined Wisconsin Energy in 2003. Allen has been a key contributor to our success all along the way — first as chief financial officer, then as the leader of our power generation group, and most recently as president of the parent firm and our Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Michigan utilities. It’s been my great pleasure to have
known and worked with Allen for more than 20 years. The depth of his experience, his management skills, and his focus on execution make him the ideal person to lead our company through a time of continuing
change in the energy industry.
As I close this letter, I want to express my sincere gratitude for the encouragement and support you’ve given me over the past 13 years.
I believe we’ve built something special here ... with a focus on customer satisfaction and accountability that is second to none in our industry. Our company today is exceptionally well positioned for the future. But what gives me great optimism is my firmly held belief that ... it’s only the beginning.
Sincerely,
Gale E. Klappa
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2016
 2015 ANNUAL REPORT | 5
