 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS,
As I write this letter, there are encouraging signs that the economy is beginning to recover from the most severe decline in generations. That, of course, is welcome news. Because... in the words of John
Lennon and Paul McCartney... 2009 was “a hard day’s night.”
Across Wisconsin and the Upper Peninsula of Michigan — a region known for its strong manufacturing base — industrial use of electricity last year fell by a greater percentage than in any year since 1932. And with an unusually mild summer, residential demand for electricity fell during 2009 as well.
I’m pleased to report, however, that your company responded quickly and effectively to the impact of the Great Recession.
We reduced our costs, improved productivity, and posted record financial results. In fact, on virtually every meaningful measure — from customer satisfaction to network reliability to progress on our Power the Future plan — the company made great strides during the year. Here are some of the highlights of 2009.
SOLID FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Earnings from continuing operations rose to $377 million or $3.20 a share, the highest in company history. During the year, we invested $818 million to expand and improve the energy infrastructure of the region. Cash flow was strong, and we ended 2009 with our debt to total capital at 55.2 percent — better than year-end 2008 and better than plan.
The market value of the company continued to grow during the year. The price of Wisconsin Energy stock increased by 18.7 percent, trading at a new all-time high of $50.62 a share on December 30. And our total shareholder return continued to outpace the return you would have earned in the Dow Jones Industrials, the S&P 500, the NASDAQ, or the major utility indexes. The table below, which provides you with information for the past five years, tells the story.
     TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN (2005–2009)*
 WISCONSIN ENERGY
  67.01%
 Dow Jones Industrial Average
10.11%
 S&P 500 Index
  2.10%
 NASDAQ Composite Index
8.83%
 S&P 500 Electric Utility Index
  36.74%
 Philadelphia Utility Index
 35.09%
 2 | WISCONSIN ENERGY CORPORATION
2009 ANNUAL REPORT | 3
GALE E. KLAPPA
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
On virtually every meaningful measure — the company made great strides during the year.
 *Stock price appreciation plus reinvested dividends.

As we began 2010, our board of directors voted to raise the quarterly dividend to 40 cents a share — effective with this year’s first quarter payment. This represents an increase of 18.5 percent over the previous quarterly rate and raises the annual dividend to $1.60 a share.
The board’s action returns the dividend to a level that is roughly equivalent to where it stood 10 years ago when the dividend was cut by nearly half to help fund the company’s Power the Future construction plan.
Our dividend policy going forward is simple and straightforward. We plan to pay out between 40 and 45 percent of our earnings in dividends this year and next. Then, we expect to move to a slightly higher payout ratio of 45 to 50 percent of earnings starting in 2012.
A FOCUS ON CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
As you know, businesses that are built for the long run — businesses that thrive and prosper — all have one important trait, regardless of what product or service they provide. That trait is an unwavering focus on
satisfying customers and exceeding their expectations.
For our company, customer satisfaction begins with the word reliability. It’s no understatement to say that electricity and natural gas are essential tools of modern life. We keep the economy running and homes safe and warm. Customers count on us 24/7. And when there is a problem on the network, customers naturally look to us for quick, safe, and efficient restoration of their energy supply.
So, I’m pleased to report that there’s nobody better in the Midwest at keeping the lights on. For the sixth time in the past eight years, we’ve been named the most reliable utility in the region by an independent consulting firm. And for 2009, outages across our electric distribution system ran 18 percent below the previous year — our best reliability in the modern era.
Our long-term goal is to be the industry leader in customer satisfaction. In 2009, we continued to
make progress on the journey. We achieved our best customer satisfaction ratings since the merger of Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Gas in the year 2000, and quite probably our best ratings ever. Independent national surveys also confirmed that we performed in the top quartile of our industry.
POWER THE FUTURE UPDATE
Those of you who have followed Wisconsin Energy for a number of years are familiar with our Power the Future plan. Announced a decade ago, this plan was designed to break Wisconsin’s dependence on expensive out-of-state energy, improve our environmental performance, and ensure an economical supply of electricity for our customers in the decades ahead.
As for Unit 2, our general contractor, Bechtel Power Corporation, continues to make good progress. Unit 2 is approximately 90 percent complete. The next significant milestone — first fire on gas — is scheduled for April, and the unit should be completed later this year.
In December, we were able to settle all claims that had been filed by Bechtel seeking additional construction costs and schedule relief for completion of the Oak Creek expansion units. Bechtel’s monetary claim totaled more than $517 million. Under the settlement:
• The project partners agreed to make a series of payments to Bechtel totaling $72 million. Payments are tied to the achievement of specific milestones. Our company’s share of this additional cost is approximately $61 million.
• Bechtel was given a 120-day schedule extension beyond the original guaranteed turnover date for Unit 1, and 60 days of schedule relief for Unit 2.
After devoting a significant amount of time and resources to the complex issues involved with Bechtel’s claim, we came to this agreement, in large part, because we recognized the impact of the severe weather Bechtel faced over the past three years — in particular, the winter of 2007–2008 when the Milwaukee area was hit with nearly
100 inches of snow.
A GLIMPSE OF THE FUTURE
Now that we’re nearing the decade-long transformation of our company and the infrastructure that serves our region, our focus is turning to the mandate for more renewable energy that is being required by state laws. In Wisconsin, for example, approximately 10 percent of the electricity sold to retail customers in the state must come from renewable sources by 2015.
We’ve already completed the largest wind farm in Wisconsin. With 88 turbines spread across 10,600 acres of farmland, our Blue Sky Green Field
wind center has been in operation since 2008.
This year, we expect to begin construction of the Glacier Hills Wind Park approximately 45 miles northeast of Madison. The Wisconsin Public Service Commission recently approved our request to build
up to 90 wind turbines on the site. The precise number of turbines will be determined as we finalize the project design. Clearly, Glacier Hills will be a sizable new wind farm, and we expect the first full year of operation to be 2012.
Last fall we also announced our plans to build a biomass-fueled power plant at a paper mill site owned and operated by Domtar Corporation in northern Wisconsin. The plan calls for wood, waste wood, and sawdust to be used to produce 50 megawatts of electricity.
We’re fortunate to be close to significant forest lands that can be harvested in a sustainable manner. These forests have large amounts of wood waste that can be purchased to fuel the plant. Our investment in this project is expected to be $250 million with a targeted in-service date of 2013.
STAYING THE COURSE
A wise old philosopher once mused that... progress is never easy. The path is rarely straight. Technology evolves, sometimes in dramatic leaps. And through it all, customers search relentlessly to find value for their money.
Those truths lead me to several conclusions about the state of our company. After more than 100 years of growing and serving the people of our region, we have a modern, efficient network. Costs that are competitive. Management that is focused. And a clear understanding that customer satisfaction is the key to our success.
The lights are on. The future is bright.
On behalf of our entire team, thank you for your confidence and support.
Sincerely,
Gale E. Klappa
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 9, 2010
  We expect the new unit at Oak Creek to be among the four or five most efficient coal-fired plants in the country.
 Key components of this plan include two modern gas-fired units that were built in Port Washington, north of Milwaukee; construction of two major coal- fired units at Oak Creek, south of the city; and building a significant amount of renewable generation.
As we’ve mentioned in previous reports, both units at Port Washington are in service. Construction was completed on time and on budget. The units are among the most efficient in the Midwest. And our customers are benefiting from the current low price of natural gas that fuels this station.
We took another step toward completing our Power the Future plan on February 2, 2010. At one stroke past midnight, the first unit at our Oak Creek expansion completed all of its performance tests and began commercial service.
Data from the performance testing at Oak Creek is
particularly encouraging. The demonstrated heat rate — which is a measure of how efficiently the unit converts fuel into electricity — is five percent better than the guarantee from the manufacturer. So, we expect the new unit at Oak Creek to be among the four
or five most efficient coal-fired plants in the country.
  There’s nobody better in the Midwest at keeping the lights on.
  4 | WISCONSIN ENERGY CORPORATION
2009 ANNUAL REPORT | 5
