Companies, Inc. and Wendy's International, Inc. in September and brought together two iconic brands: Wendy's and Arby's.
We've formed a world-class restaurant operating company with more than 10,000 restaurants worldwide, and are well positioned to deliver long­ term shareholder value with sales growth at both brands, significant margin improvement at Wendy's, and synergies and efficiencies from the merger. Our management team, employees and franchisees are confident that our high-quality products, long history of success and excellent operating plans will allow us to achieve great things in the future.
Profit Drivers
In combining Wendy's and Arby's under one corporate structure, we identified two  significant profit drivers that together are expected to generate approximately $160 million in annualized incremental Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) by the end of 2011.
•	We are targeting approximately $100 million in annualized incremental EBITDA by improving Wendy's Company-owned restaurant margin by 500 basis points over the next three years.
•	We p lan on achieving General and Administrative (G&A) cost savings of approximately $60 million through efficiencies and synergies. By the end of 2008, we had already realized more than $25 million in G&A savings on an annualized basis by reducing t op-level positions along with other expenses, and we achieved this without sacrificing restaurant level support that's critical to providing customer service.
Alt hough the restaurant industry is experiencing both competitive and economic challenges, the Quick Service Restaurant (QSR) category has fared relatively well, outpacing both midscale and casual dining. We are pleased to operate in two QSR segments - hamburger and sandwiches - that continue to grow and show resiliency despite a weak economy.
 
positive   same-store   sales
and margin growth. We have already launched initiatives to increase trans-
actions, enhance marketing and re-establish our operational excellence. While we have just embarked on this journey, initial results are encouraging and we look forward to building on our early momentum.
For 2009, we expect to achieve an improvement of
160 to 180 basis points in Company-owned restaurant margin compared to 2008, resulting in a annual run rate improvement by year-end of approximately 250 basis points, or half of our three­ year target.
We are improving several of our core products, including our sandwich buns, French fries and bacon, as we continue to differentiate Wendy's as the clear quality leader in the QSR hamburger segment. In addition, we are emphasizing Wendy's delicious food, quality ingredients and made-to-order sandwiches in our advertising, and will have even more focus on our fresh, never frozen beef and premium chicken. We are installing a disciplined product development and testing process, which has already built an innovative pipeline of new chicken and hamburger menu items that will be ready to launch later this year. We are fine tuning our breakfast strategy and products in preparation for a national rollout, as we believe this daypart represents a significant opportunity for the brand.
And finally, we are strengthening our efforts to drive performance in the key attributes that impact customer satisfaction, including superior hospitality, faster speed of service, better order accuracy and improved cleanliness, and we are already seeing positive results.
Arby's Brand
Arby's premium positioning in the QSR segment and historica lly higher average check provided a challenge in 2008 with the weakened economy, as many customers traded down to deeply discounted
 
menu, we int end to reconnect with our core customers and increase their visit frequency. In 2009, we will begin to extend our product line to other roasted meats, including roast chicken, as we re­ establish Arby's quality leadership in the premium sandwich category. While we remain committed to our premium positioning, we must also acknowledge the economic hardships many of our customers currently face and therefore are testing several every­ day value offerings, the most compelling of which will be offered selectively later in 2009.
Increasing frequency among our core customers and regaining sales momentum at the Arby's brand is, however, not simply a funct ion of new products, as we must also deliver the very best service. To accomplish this, we are strengthening operations through two programs: Red Hat Service, which is designed to improve and reward hospitality, and Promise Check, which gathers direct customer feedback in a t imely and actionable format.
2008 Financial Highlights
In 2008, on a pro-forma basis, we generated $3.7 billion in total revenues, and adjusted EBITDA, excluding all special items, of $367 million1• Wendy's 2008 system-wide same-store sales increased 1.2% and full-year 2008 Company-owned restaurant margin was 11.7%, while Arby's 2008 system-wide same-store sales decreased 4.3% and full-year 2008 Company-owned restaurant margin was 16.1%. We ended 2008 with 6,630 Wendy's restaurants,
including 1,406 Company-owned and 5,224 franchised locations, and 3,756 Arby's restaurants, including 1,176 Company-owned and 2,580 franchised locations.

' See reconciliation of pro-forma adjusted EBITDA to pro-forma net loss on page iii.
 
•	Control of G&A - realizing efficiencies and synergies.
•	Breakfast rollout - capturing market share in this growing day part.
•	New restaurant development - with an emphasis on franchise growth.
•	Dual-branding - combining Wendy's and Arby's under the same roof to expand the menu opportunity for consumers, while providing  a better return on capital for franchisees.
•	International expansion - in selected markets, including Latin America, the Middle East, and Asia­ Pacific.
Overall, we are pleased with the early progress achieved as we integrate Wendy's and Arby's, and gain efficiencies and synergies. Our experienced and motivated team is committed to executing our stated objectives, and shares my optimism about our future and creating long-term shareholder value.
I look forward to communicating with you further during the year on our continued progress, and encourage you to refer to our Investor Relations website, www.wendysarbys.com, for the most current info rmation and updates about Wendy's/Arby's Group, Inc. We thank our stockholders, Board members, employees, franchisees and customers for their support and dedication.
Sincerely,


Roland Smith
President and Chief Executive Officer
 








ii
