Wendy's/Arby's Group, Inc. is the

third largest

quick-service restau-

rant company in the United States and includes Wendy's International, Inc., the franchisor of the Wendy's ® restaurant system, and Arby's Restaurant Group, Inc., the franchisor of the Arby's® restaurant system. The combined restaurant systems include more than

10,000 restaurants in the U.S. and 26 other

countries and U.S. territories worldwide as of March 2011.

DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS:
2010 was a productive year for the Company as we strengthened Wendy's® core business for future growth, made progress on the early stages of Arby's ® turnaround and produced $ 396.9 million in adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amor tization (EBITDA).1 Our adjusted EBITDA fell about 4% on a comparable basis and our stock price traded in a range of $3.83 to $5.55 during the year. To improve our ability to grow both earnings and stockholder value, we made the strategic decision to focus our resources on continuing to build the Wendy's brand. As a result, on January 20, 2011, we announced that we are exploring strategic alternatives for Arby's, including a sale of the brand. We believe in the long-term success of Arby's, but we also believe that the Wendy's brand, given its relative size and scope, will be our key driver of earnings growth and stockholder return. Wendy's currently has more than 6,500 restaurants worldwide and is one of the most attractive growth stories in the quickservice restaurant (QSR) industry. We will focus our energies on growing the Wendy's brand via new store growth both in North American and international markets and with increased same-store sales through the introduction of new dayparts and core menu innovation. In 2010, we focused on brand building and strengthening Wendy's 'Real' positioning with innovative, great-tasting, highquality premium and value products that are made with real
1

and fresh ingredients. We also invested in initiatives such as the launch of our new breakfast menu and restaurant remodels, and we added to our pipeline for international expansion by signing significant new development agreements. WENDY'S UPGRADING CORE MENU During 2010, we upgraded our core menu to reinforce our quality reputation with consumers: · We introduced four premium entree salads--Apple Pecan Chicken, BLT Cobb, Spicy Chicken Caesar and Baja--each with 11 different greens. We also paired smaller sizes of the salads with Wendy's classic sides such as baked potatoes, chili and fries. · We launched new natural-cut, skin-on fries, made from premium Russet potatoes, with sea salt. · We introduced a new everyday value platform called "My 99," which offers consumers the choice of several of our great products at a value price of 99 cents each. · To further enhance our core hamburger product, we began testing a new premium cheeseburger line called "Dave's Hot `N Juicy Cheeseburgers," which consists of a 40% thicker patty made from fresh beef, melted cheese, crinkle-cut pickles, red onions and a butter-toasted bun. We believe these will be the best cheeseburgers in the QSR industry and plan to introduce this product line in the second half of 2011.

See Selected Financial Data and Reconciliation of EBITDA to adjusted EBITDA following this letter to stockholders.

Wendy's/Arby's Group, Inc. 2010 Annual Report

We are also testing a premium line of chicken sandwiches and plan to introduce these new sandwiches later in 2011. WENDY'S FOCUSING ON BREAKFAST, REMODELING AND NEW RESTAURANT GROWTH Although Wendy's already has one of the highest average unit volumes (AUVs) in the QSR industry, it is the only major QSR hamburger chain not currently serving breakfast. In 2010, we introduced a new breakfast menu in four markets, and we're encouraged with the early results. Our goal is to win market share in this fast-growing daypart, which accounts for roughly 25% of total QSR transactions, and thereby grow our AUVs. We are offering a differentiated and high-quality menu consistent with our `Real' positioning, including an artisan egg sandwich, grilled breakfast paninis, a warm oatmeal bar and a premium coffee program developed exclusively for our restaurants. We plan to expand breakfast to about 1,000 company and franchise restaurants by the end of 2011. We plan to take a more aggressive approach to remodeling and new store development to drive earnings growth. We remodeled approximately 100 Wendy's restaurants in 2010 and have plans to continue remodeling restaurants in 2011 featuring a new design. Additionally, Wendy's has considerable new store growth opportunities in North America where the brand is under-penetrated in certain markets compared to our key competitors. As we grow our AUVs, improve profit margins and add new dayparts, we believe the system can add approximately 1,000 new stores in North America. Over the past two years, we aggressively laid the groundwork for international expansion of Wendy's with new restaurant development agreements in Singapore, portions of the Middle East and North Africa, the Russian Federation, portions of the Eastern Caribbean, Argentina and the Philippines and a joint venture agreement to develop restaurants in Japan. Our international presence would grow to almost 1,000 restaurants in 46 countries and U.S. territories outside of the U.S. and Canada if all current store development commitments are fulfilled. That number will increase as we layer on development for additional new markets we're targeting--Brazil and China are the two most significant markets in terms of opportunity-- and expand agreements with existing franchisees. Ultimately, we believe that earnings generated from international markets will be a significant component of our ability to generate longterm value for our stockholders.

2010 FINANCIAL RESULTS AND LONG-TERM OUTLOOK In 2010, consolidated revenues were $3.4 billion and fell approximately 3% on a comparable year-over-year basis, excluding the effect of the 53rd week that occurred in 2009. Adjusted EBITDA fell approximately 4% to $396.9 million on a comparable basis. We reported a net loss of $4.3 million, or $0.01 per share, including net after-tax special charges of $64.7 million, or $0.15 per share compared to net income of $3.5 million, or $ 0.01 per share, including net after-tax special charges of $84.7 million or $0.18 per share in 2009. Our performance was certainly affected by the weak economy, intense competition and rising commodity prices, but we are committed to delivering stronger results going forward. As a strong cash flow generator, we also believe in the importance of returning capital to our stockholders. In 2010, we returned $201 million of capital in stock buybacks and cash dividends, and we currently have $250 million authorized and available for additional stock repurchases. In the fourth quarter of 2010, our Board of Directors authorized a 33% increase in our quarterly cash dividend, which further demonstrates a commitment to enhancing value for our stockholders. Looking ahead, 2011 will be a transition year as we complete the strategic alternatives process for Arby's, develop plans to reduce our corporate G&A to support a single brand in the event of a sale of Arby's and focus our resources on growth initiatives for Wendy's. Beginning in 2012, we expect Wendy's to generate average annual EBITDA growth of 10% to 15%, which we view as a very attractive growth rate for generating stockholder value. Most importantly, I appreciate the collective work ethic and dedication of our management team, restaurant support center employees, restaurant operators and crew and franchisees as we prepare for an exciting future. I continue to believe in the long-term potential of our Company and look forward to communicating with you about our progress. Sincerely,

Roland Smith President and Chief Executive Officer

Wendy's/Arby's Group, Inc. 2010 Annual Report

