To Our Owners,
Another exceptional year by a truly exceptional team!
Once again, our team's performance continues to be among the very best, not just in financial services but in any industry: - Solid market share growth across our more than 80 businesses, - Double-digit earnings per share growth, - Double-digit loan growth, - Double-digit growth in retail core deposits, - Record sales of more than one million core banking products every month, - Improved productivity, - Strong credit quality. All in all, significant progress toward achieving our vision of satisfying all our customers' financial needs and helping them succeed financially.

Dick Kovacevich Chairman and CEO San Francisco, California Team member since: 1986

A

mong our 2004 achievements: · Diluted earnings per share -- a record $4.09, up 12 percent. · Net income -- a record $7.0 billion, up 13 percent. · Return on equity -- 19.6 percent; return on assets 1.71 percent. · Revenue growth of six percent -- the single-most important measure of success in our industry -- up 11 percent excluding Wells Fargo Home Mortgage (which had exceptional revenue in 2003 due to the refinance boom). · Every month, through needs-based selling, we sold more than one million retail banking products, a company record. · Cross-sell reached a record high of 4.6 products per consumer household (up from about three at the time of the Norwest-Wells Fargo merger six years ago) and 5.3 products per Wholesale Banking customer. · Consumer households with eight products or more -- our long-term goal -- reached 14 percent of our total banking households; 38 percent of our consumers have five products or more. · Retention improved by six percent for high-value checking account customers. · Customer service levels and teller-line wait times improved but still are not at the levels we want them to be. · One of every three of our new checking account customers now has a Wells Fargo PacksSM -- a checking account and at least three other products such as a debit card, credit card, savings account, home equity loan, or online banking.

· Nonperforming assets and net chargeoffs, as a percent of loans, declined from .66 percent and .81 percent in 2003 to .55 percent and .62 percent in 2004. · Record net income for Wholesale Banking for the sixth consecutive year -- #1 in market share for middle market 1 commercial customers in the western U.S. · Wells Fargo Financial, our consumer finance company, continued its rapid growth, increasing average receivables 45 percent with profit of more than a half billion dollars for the first time in its 106-year history. · We originated $298 billion in mortgages and continued to be the nation's #1 retail mortgage originator. Our owned mortgage servicing portfolio, which helps provide a "natural hedge" when interest rates rise and mortgage originations decline, rose 13 percent to $805 billion. · #1 nationally in home equity loan market share for the fourth consecutive year, our portfolio rose 42 percent from last year to $52 billion. Home equity lines and loans remain the consumer credit "product of choice." Credit quality continued to be very solid. · More than half our households and almost two-thirds of our corporate customers now bank with us actively online -- more than a third of those households using Bill Pay and presentment; Global Finance ranks us the world's best consumer internet bank and Watchfire GomezPro ranks us the best U.S. internet bank. · Through joint ventures with Grupo Banorte, HSBC Mexico and BBVA Bancomer, we now have the largest network of banking stores and ATMs

for remitting funds to Mexico of any U.S. financial services company. · Being the first financial services company in the nation to seize the opportunity, we surpassed the half million mark in the number of accounts opened for Mexican nationals using the Matricula Consular card as a form of identification. This helps Mexican nationals move from the risky cash economy into secure, reliable financial services so they can succeed financially. At year-end 2004, we were opening an average of 22,000 new accounts a month through this process, a seven-fold increase over the past three years. · Our stock reached a record high close of $63.25 on December 13, 2004. · Our dividend payout over the past year of more than $3 billion ranked as the fourth highest in the U.S. among all public companies.2 · Our total market capitalization at yearend was $105 billion (versus less than $1 billion 20 years ago). · Our bank remains the only "Aaa" rated bank in the United States with the highest possible credit rating from Moody's Investors Service. · In recognition of our team's outstanding performance and their key role in achieving these great results, we committed to a special, one-time contribution in shares of Wells Fargo common stock of one percent of their pay to the 401(k) account for every eligible team member (up to maximum of $750), for a total of $44 million.

1 Independent research firm, cumulative market share of lead banking relationships across Wells Fargo's 23 banking states 2 Cato Institute

2

25
23 21 21

Double-Digit Total Compound Annual 20 Return--for 20 Years
13

12%

12

11

-2
5 years 10 years 15 years 20 years

Total Compound Annual Stockholder Return percent increase
Includes reinvested dividends WFC S&P 500®

"Wells Fargo has achieved annual double-digit 10 increases in revenue,earnings per share and total stockholder return not just over the past five years 5 but also over the past ten,15 and 20 years...In fact 0 our total annual stockholder return has been about 10 percentage points above the S&P 500 through -5 all of these time spans."

15

Gabe Guerra Wells Fargo Auto Finance Victoria, Texas Team member since: 2000 3

Our Performance
Double-digit growth in net income, earnings per share, dividends per common share, loans and retail core deposits.
% Change 2004/2003

($ in millions, except per share amounts) FOR THE YEAR

2004

2003

Net income Diluted earnings per common share Profitability ratios Net income to average total assets (ROA) Net income applicable to common stock to average common stockholders' equity (ROE) Efficiency ratio (1) Total revenue Dividends declared per common share Average common shares outstanding Diluted average common shares outstanding Average loans Average assets Average core deposits (2) Average retail core deposits (3) Net interest margin
AT Y E A R E N D

$

7,014 4.09

$

6,202 3.65

13% 12

1.71% 19.56 58.5 $ 30,059 1.86 1,692.2 1,713.4 $269,570 410,579 223,359 183,716 4.89%

1.64% 19.36 60.6 $ 28,389 1.50 1,681.1 1,697.5 $213,132 377 ,613 207 ,046 165,881 5.08%

4 1 (3) 6 24 1 1 26 9 8 11 (4)

Securities available for sale Loans Allowance for loan losses Goodwill Assets Core deposits Stockholders' equity Tier 1 capital Total capital Capital ratios Stockholders' equity to assets Risk-based capital Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage Book value per common share Team members (active, full-time equivalent)

$ 33,717 287,586 3,762 10,681 427,849 229,703 37,866 29,060 41,706

$ 32,953 253,073 3,891 10,371 387 ,798 211,271 34,469 25,704 37 ,267

2 14 (3) 3 10 9 10 13 12

8.85% 8.41 12.07 7.08 $ 22.36 145,500 $

8.89% 8.42 12.21 6.93 20.31 140,000

-- -- (1) 2 10 4

(1) The efficiency ratio is defined as noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income). (2) Core deposits consist of noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing checking, savings certificates and market rate and other savings. (3) Retail core deposits consist of total core deposits excluding Wholesale Banking core deposits and mortgage escrow deposits.

4

15

15

14 12% 12
12

13 10%

11
9

12

13

12

9

6

6

3

3

5 years

10

15

20

0

5 years

10

15

20

0

Double-Digit Earnings Per Share Growth
compound annual growth rate

Double-Digit Revenue Growth
compound annual growth rate

Two Decades of Consistent Double-Digit Growth We're very proud of our performance. However, achieving such results over one, two or even five years -- as many outstanding companies have done -- isn't really that unique. What's really unusual is to achieve consistent performance over long periods -- through many different economic cycles -- expansions, recessions, recoveries, bubbles, high interest rates, low interest rates, low unemployment, high unemployment. Wells Fargo has achieved double-digit increases in revenue, earnings per share and total stockholder return not just over the past five years but over the past ten, 15 and 20 years. Now that's consistent performance! Now that's impressive! The past 20 years our compound annual growth in revenue has been 13 percent. Our compound annual growth in diluted earnings per share has been 14 percent. Our compound annual growth in total stockholder return has been 23 percent compared with 13 percent for the S&P 500. In fact, our total annual stockholder return, including reinvested dividends, has been about 10 percentage points above the S&P 500 through all of

these time spans. Now that's impressive! How do we do it? It's no secret. We do it because we have the best people -- talented, dedicated, innovative team members who care about each other, care about their customers, and care about their communities. We do it with a strong culture and a consistent vision that's been in place for almost 20 years -- a vision and strong values that do not shift with the wind, the latest industry fad or the whims of Wall Street. We do it by investing in our businesses, investing in our people, distribution networks and technology. We do it with a conservative, disciplined operating philosophy built on prudent risk/reward metrics.

The Value of Diversified Financial Services Another reason for our outstanding performance year after year for almost two decades -- regardless of the economic cycle --is our time-tested business model. We're diversified across virtually all of financial services, not just banking. We offer our customers -- individuals and businesses -- virtually every product they need at every stage of their life cycle. We're customercentric not product-centric. We offer our

customers a broad product line across a wide geography through every channel -- stores, ATMs, phone and internet -- when, where and how our customers want to be served. It's their choice. This diversity of revenue sources is good for all our stakeholders. Our customers can get a better deal, more value and greater convenience when they give us more of their business. Our company can earn more profit because we generate more revenue through our large, fixed-cost distribution network. Our risk is lower because it's diversified, not concentrated. You, our owners, can benefit from a higher return on your investment when we achieve consistent double-digit earnings. Our team members can achieve their full potential with lots of career opportunities and share in the success as almost all are stockholders. We operate more than 80 businesses. I'm often asked, why do we have so many? Why aren't we more focused? My response always is: the only way to manage through the inevitable "cyclical risk" of each segment of our industry is not only to underwrite superbly but to diversify our revenue stream across all industry segments. With our diversified
continued on page 9

5

Our 10 Strategic Initiatives guide us toward our vision and help us achieve double-digit revenue and earnings growth. Here's a brief progress report on each:
1. Investments, Brokerage,Trust, Private Banking, Insurance
Fifteen percent of our banking earnings came from investments, brokerage, trust, private banking and insurance -- it's still not good enough. We want to increase that percentage to at least 25 percent. Less than five percent of our 10 million banking households have relationships with our brokerage business. Less than two percent buy insurance through us. Progress: · Acquired $29 billion in assets under management from Strong Financial, making us one of the nation's top 20 mutual fund companies. Our combined team now can offer our 11 million banking households a broader, deeper array of funds through new distribution channels. · 1,000+ bankers (up 120 percent in 2004) licensed to sell investment products such as mutual funds. · The number of our private bankers has grown to more than 600 the last five years (up 400 percent). · New assets attracted through WellsTrade,® our online brokerage channel, have grown at a compound rate of 21 percent the past two years. Progress: · Added 10,000 sales people in banking, mortgage and consumer finance businesses past three years. · Increased training, partnering among team members to better identify opportunities to satisfy more of customers'financial needs.

years ago: 10.8 percent). Only 21.3 percent have a home equity loan with us (five years ago: 11 percent). Forty-three percent of our mortgage customers who bank with us also have a home equity loan with us. Progress: · Announced a long-term goal: double number of commission-based home mortgage consultants, currently 10,000. · In response to rising interest rate environment, launched SmartFit Home Equity Account, giving homeowners certainty of fixed rate, benefit of lower payments and flexible line of credit.
SM

3.Doing It Right for the Customer 5.Wells Fargo Cards in Every Our product is service and our value-added Wells Fargo Wallet
is financial advice. We want to be advocates for our customers, put them at the center of everything we do and give them such outstanding service and advice that they will give us all their business, honor us with repeat purchases and rave about us to their family, friends and business associates. Progress: · With just one request through any of our stores or Wells Fargo Phone Bank, our customers now can change their address for 23 products -- including savings, checking, debit cards, credit cards, Bill Pay, mortgage, home equity, brokerage and insurance. · Wells Fargo Phone Bank now services customer accounts from a single source using web-based technology, reducing human error, speeding service. We want every one of our creditworthy customers to have a Wells Fargo credit card and debit card. These cards--and, increasingly, stored-value cards--have surpassed checks and cash for in-store purchases. They're the payment tool of choice for a majority of Americans. Progress: · Banking customers with a Wells Fargo credit card: 31 percent (1999: 21 percent). · Checking account customers with a Wells Fargo debit card: 88 percent (1999: 72 percent).

6.When,Where and How
We integrate our distribution channels to offer our products and services anytime, anywhere our customers want to be served. We believe we offer customers more choices than virtually any other financial services provider--traditional stores, supermarket stores, ATMs, Wells Fargo Phone Bank, internet and mail--when, where and how they want to use them. Very few, if any, customers are single-channel users. We want to further expand our distribution channels for more customer convenience and be recognized as the world's best internet bank

2."Going for Gr-Eight"
Our average banking household has 4.6 products with us (about double the industry average). Our average commercial/corporate customer has 5.3. But both purchase about 16 financial products from someone. We want our consumer and business customers to have at least eight products with us.
6

4. Banking with a Mortgage and a Home Equity Loan
We want all our mortgage customers in our 23 banking states to bank with us. We also want all our banking customers--who need a mortgage or a home equity loan--to get it through Wells Fargo. Only 20.5 percent of our banking customers who own a home have their mortgage with Wells Fargo (five

across all four major customer segments: consumer, investor, small business, middle market and large companies. Progress: · Opened 104 new banking stores, average of two per week; remodeled 396. · Opened 80 consumer finance stores. · Global Finance ranks Wells Fargo best U.S. consumer internet bank, best for online bill payment and presentment, online credit, and corporate/institutional website design in North America; Watchfire GomezPro ranks us the best internet bank in the U.S. · Active users of Commercial Electronic Office® (CEO®) internet portal -- giving corporate and commercial customers integrated financial services in one place, real time -- have grown to over 60 percent of our customers in three years since launch; CEO log-ins surpassed one million a month. Revenue flowing through our CEO portal in 2004 was almost twice what it was in 2002. · Consumer households banking actively with us online rose 27 percent versus last year; small business active online users rose 30 percent; middle market and large corporate rose 14 percent. · All 6,200 ATMs are now web-enabled for faster transactions, customized messaging, serving customers in six languages; also customized for audio guidance for visually impaired.

how they access Wells Fargo. With that knowledge, and respecting the confidentiality of information of our customers, we can tailor sales messages through our Wells Fargo Phone Bank, ATMs,wellsfargo.com and statement mailings to help satisfy our customers' financial needs. Progress: · First to provide online customers, for free, automatic, all-in-one personal finance picture showing debit card and credit card spending, checking and Bill Pay, organizing transactions by categories such as gas/auto, groceries and ATM withdrawals.

9. Premier Customers
We must attract more -- and keep all our current--premier and excellent customers. We also need to aggressively cross-sell households that have the potential to become premier customers. We must focus even more on closing the "back door"-- reducing, by half, the number of customers who leave us or give us less of their business. Progress: · Six percent improvement in retaining high-value checking account customers. (see page 16)

8. Be Our Customers' Payment Processor
Banking is necessary. Banks are not. Banks traditionally have been the intermediary in the billions of transactions among consumers, businesses and the government. That role, however, is not a birthright. We need to make sure Wells Fargo adds real value so we can be our customers' first choice, electronic or paper, whenever and wherever they buy services and be the payments link for all their Wells Fargo accounts. We generate about 30 percent of our revenue through payment services such as checks, credit cards, debit cards, cash and securities, direct deposit, wire transfer and automated clearinghouse (ACH). Last year for the first time, electronic payments surpassed cash and checks. The new Federal law, known as "Check 21," makes it possible for banks to process digital images of checks, not just paper ones, reducing risk and the inefficiency of transporting paper checks from hand to hand and institution to institution. Progress: · Processed more than $35 trillion in payments electronically in 2004.* · Nation's third largest processor of ACH transactions.

10. People as a Competitive Advantage
Most importantly, we must do even better in training, rewarding and recognizing all our team members. We must build an inclusive workplace and a diverse organization. All members of our team should know they're valued, that they can go as far as their ability and desire to work will take them. We must be a company that encourages a healthy balance in work and home life. Our success depends on how much our team members care for their customers, for each other, their communities and our stockholders. People commit themselves to other people, not organizations. Processes are important but they don't do the work, people do. Because we believe in people as our competitive advantage, we'll continue to invest in our "human capital." It's the most important, valuable investment we can make. Progress: · Special one-time contribution of Wells Fargo common stock to 401(k) account of each eligible team member (up to maximum of $750). · To be more responsive to our increasingly diverse communities, our team members have formed 72 Team Member Networks and 44 Diversity Councils nationwide.
*Credit card point of sale, debit card, credit card purchases, online Bill Pay, ACH, merchant card, online merchant payments and wire transfer

7."Information-Based" Marketing
Take full advantage of what we know about our customers' needs so we can offer them the choice, convenience and price benefits of giving us all their business. We use technology not to de-personalize service but to personalize it. Thanks to technology, we know how many products each customer has with us. We can anticipate the products they'll most likely need--based on account balances, life events, transaction history, and

7

5
35 30

30.1

28.4

25.2

3.32*

25 20 15 10

3.65

4.09

4

3

$18.9

20.7

21.0

$2.28

2.32

1.97*

2

1
5
99 00 01 02 03 04

0 99

00

01

02

03

04

0

Revenue dollars, billions

20-year compound annual growth rate: 13%

Earnings Per Share diluted,** dollars 20-year compound annual growth rate: 14%
*2001 includes venture capital impairment; 2002 is before effect of change related to adoption of FAS 142 accounting principle. **Includes all common stock equivalents ("in the money" stock options, warrants and rights, convertible bonds and convertible preferred stock)

Andrew Owen Wells Fargo Funds San Francisco, California Team member since: 1992 8

set of financial services businesses, each responding differently to a given economic situation, we've found that we can grow at double-digit rates and actually reduce risk. For narrowly-focused companies, faster linear growth often results in an exponential increase in concentrated risk. In our diversified business model, our risk actually decreases as we grow because we're diversifying that risk among many businesses.

How Do We Measure the Value We Create? Our diversified business model -- executed successfully for two decades -- drives the way we measure success. Last year, we called for a new set of measures --to reflect more accurately how financial services companies, like ours, create value for customers and stockholders. We believe this new set of measures is more suited to

information technology and the internet-- is not new. Experts around the world -- even a Nobel Prize winner -- have been discussing and studying it for at least two decades. Some companies even have created complex software programs to try to measure the correlation between a company's intellectual capital and its market value. Sweden has a government agency that tries to measure the country's intellectual capital, which one expert has called "the invisible balance sheet. " Most recently, the American Enterprise Institute called for "a more relevant and transparent system of financial and non-financial disclosure. " It says this "will help investors better assess the value of companies in the knowledge economy, and ... help companies create more value for their shareholders. " We don't pretend to be as smart as the experts on this subject. We don't propose

"The problem is that the framework underpinning Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) is flawed...GAAP does not recognize the value of intangible assets that a knowledge-based company such as Wells Fargo generates internally--such as the loyalty and relationship levels of our team members and customers."
the faster growing, dynamic, diversified financial services industry than those measures that "big banks" have traditionally used. We measure what we treasure... revenue, profit, market share growth and stockholder returns. Now it's a year later. Our proposal prompted such significant interest and discussion that we've expanded on it in our report to you this year. Why should all this matter to you? The more precisely that service companies, the heart of the U.S. economy, can measure the value they create, the more accurately the marketplace can measure the value of their stock. This subject of measuring value created -- fueled by the explosive growth of any fancy new theories. We are simply suggesting a new set of value-creation measures for financial services companies so there is an apples-to-apples way to compare companies' performance across the industry in the measures that really matter. That's why we say financial services companies measure the wrong things, often based on the traditional measures of the banking industry. For example: · Asset size and return on assets -- important to banks in the "old days"-- do not reflect contributions from such fee-based businesses as mortgage, insurance and money management.

· Deposits can be a valuable measure of market share but today they represent only about one-fifth of total household financial assets. Our share of deposits in some states is 25 to 30 percent but guess what our average share of total household financial assets is in those states? About five percent! · Total customers can be a meaningless measure -- it gives you little or no insight into breadth and depth of relationships. Think of the profit difference between ten customers who entrust you with 100 percent of their business versus 100 who give you just ten percent of it. · The standard efficiency ratio -- how many cents it costs to generate a dollar of revenue -- differs widely by type of business in financial services. For example, a well-run commercial lending business has an efficiency ratio of about 25 percent while a well-run insurance broker has an efficiency ratio of 75 percent. Guess which one has the higher risk-based return on equity? We prefer a different way to measure efficiency: the rate at which revenue growth exceeds expense growth. Our goal is to grow revenue twice as fast as expenses. If you do that, your efficiency ratio will improve year after year after year.

The "Gap"in GAAP The problem is that the framework underpinning Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) is conceptually flawed. It uses a combination of historical cost and fair market values but omits the value of intangible assets that a company generates, such as the value of customer relationships. GAAP uses the cost of purchased assets -- such as building, machinery, and equipment. They're recorded on the balance sheet at historical cost and depreciated as they generate revenue. GAAP does not recognize the value of intangible assets that a knowledgebased company such as Wells Fargo generates internally -- such as the loyalty and relationship levels of our team members and customers. One study by the Brookings Institution estimates that 80 percent of the value of companies in the S&P 500 is represented by their intangible assets! This transformation is global. In the 19th century,
9

trade between nations was in goods. In the 21st century, the movement of goods is far surpassed by the movement of capital -- monetary and intellectual -- on fiber lines around the world at the speed of light. As the late Walt Wriston, my friend, mentor, and former CEO of Citicorp, wrote so wisely more than a decade ago, "capital will go where it's welcome and stay where it's well treated. " And that goes not just for financial capital but intellectual capital. In a knowledge-based economy, it's your people who are most important, not physical assets. People who can choose where they want to work. People who have a choice of being truly engaged (or not) and excited about what they're doing and what they achieve. Among the new measures we've added this year are ones that track the value of our most important competitive advantage -- our team members. How long do they stay with us so we can benefit from their knowledge, experience, caring, and customer relationships? How engaged are they? Recruiting and training new team members costs tens of millions of dollars a year. So, reducing the loss of talented team members increases earnings. Keeping customers also is critical to consistent growth. Our customers -- how long do they stay with us so we can better understand their financial goals, help them succeed financially and earn more of their business? Lowering the rate of lost customers is even more profitable than attracting new ones. And, of course, you often lose customers when the people serving them leave you. A company our size, for example, can easily lose a million banking households a year. On average, each of these households delivered over $200 in annual profit -- that's $200 million in reduced profit; on a present value basis, billions in lost profits. GAAP seldom captures the full effect of lost customers.
10

2005: The Economy Last year at this time we said a solid case could be made for economic optimism. That proved correct. Now a year later, interest rates, inflation and inventories are still low. The U.S. Gross Domestic Product is growing nicely. The economy has generated more than two million jobs in the past year. Capital spending is strong. Productivity is good. The dollar has fallen over 20 percent, helping exports. The S&P 500 is up 51 percent from its 2003 low. The NASDAQ is up 71 percent. Retail sales are good. Economic growth in India, China and the rest of Asia is strong. Unfortunately, European economies are not keeping pace, partly due to the drag of their welfare entitlement states. Core inflation is likely to remain low, allowing the Federal Reserve to increase interest rates slowly until they reach an economic neutral rate of about three to four percent. The "Next Stage" Once again, we thank our 150,000 talented team members for their outstanding accomplishments and record results. We thank them for believing, living and sharing our customer-focused vision and values. We thank them for knowing how they connect individually with our business strategy and our time-tested business model. We thank them for their unrelenting focus on satisfying all our customers' financial needs and for partnering to do what's best for our customers. We thank them for listening to our customers, asking them the right questions, and offering products and services of real value -- so that our customers, in turn, can succeed financially and then vote with their pocketbooks and buy even more of our products and services -- thus increasing our revenue. We thank them for their commitment to our communities and for the time -- hundreds of thousands of hours -- and the talent they

contribute to non-profits and community activities. We thank them for striving for the highest standards of corporate governance, their commitment to tough and thorough internal audit and compliance, for believing in principles not just rules. We thank them for building a corporate culture in which we all should know instinctively what's right and what's wrong -- without needing to be told. We thank our customers for entrusting us with more of their business and for paying us the ultimate compliment: returning to us for their next financial services product. We thank our communities -- thousands of them across North America -- for the privilege of helping make them better places in which to live and work. And we thank you, our owners, for your confidence in Wells Fargo as we begin our 153rd year. The "Next Stage" of success is just down the road -- for our team members, our customers, our communities and our stockholders. It's going to be a great ride!

Richard M. Kovacevich, Chairman and CEO

