To our Owners,
First,Let's Look at 2001 Earnings per share of $1.97 for 2001 decreased 15 percent from the previous year. That was disappointing. This decrease was due primarily to a $1.1 billion non-cash special charge in the second quarter to write down the value of our venture capital portfolio and other assets. Earnings per share, excluding this special charge, increased 14 percent, a very respectable performance given the challenging economy. Core revenue, which excludes market-sensitive revenue* and acquisitions, increased 13 percent for the year and 16 percent for the fourth quarter. To increase earnings, excluding the special charge, and core revenue by double-digit rates --during a recession, extreme interest rate volatility and the decline of the stock market -- was an extraordinary accomplishment by our 120,000 team members. Few companies in any industry did that in 2001. I'm very proud of the way our people responded to these challenges, earned more of their customers' business and provided great service. The lower-than-expected profitability for 2001 was caused principally by accounting rules that resulted in the company recording a $1.1 billion after-tax charge to write down the value of our venture capital portfolio and other assets including the stocks of technology companies. Let me explain what happened. The market value of technology stocks soared in 1999 and 2000. We sold more than $2 billion in venture capital investments during that time but, in hindsight, we should have sold even more. Accounting rules forced us to recognize certain investments at the then market value even before we sold the stock.Thus we recorded unrealized gains as current income even though we believed it was not prudent to do so because of the volatility of these stocks, lack of sufficient liquidity, and certain restrictions on their sale. These gains, which management viewed as unusually large and not sustainable, were largely offset by non-recurring charges including integration and merger expenses. When the value of these stocks plunged in early 2001 and their recovery seemed uncertain, we wrote down their value accordingly. Neither the accounting "write up" nor the accounting "write down" involve cash. We believe accounting rules would be more conservative and appropriate if unrealized gains and losses were tracked as part of comprehensive income on our balance sheet. Thus, current income gains or losses would be recognized only when the stocks are actually sold -­ as individual investors would do.
*Includes net venture capital gains, limited partnership income and net investment securities gains.

We continue to be strongly committed to our venture capital businesses. Celebrating their 40th anniversary in 2001, they are among the oldest and most successful of their kind in the U.S. Even including the second quarter special charge, the average annual rate of return on investments by our venture capital businesses has been more than 50 percent the past five years, over 20 percent the last 40 years. Diversity and Discipline The diversity of our revenue sources, loan portfolio and geography continue to help us weather economic cycles. Money is the basis of our business. Money never declines. Money just moves. Our job is to be there with the right products, service, convenience, and sound financial advice when customers decide to move their money. For example, stock market declines made 2001 a tough year for our investment businesses. Because many customers did not invest further in stocks, our community banking regions benefited from higher deposit balances. Core deposits rose more than $24 billion or 16 percent from year-end 2000. Our mortgage company took advantage of low interest rates and a tidal wave of refinancing, setting records for earnings, originations ($194 billion, up 155 percent) and its servicing portfolio ($488 billion, up eight percent). For the second year in a row, Wells Fargo was the #1 mortgage originator in the nation. Commercial loan volume slowed considerably but fee income rose at double-digit rates -- and we're gaining new commercial and corporate banking customers every day. As the economy has slowed, our credit losses and non-performing loans (generally those 90 days past due in principal and interest payments) increased during the year consistent with economic conditions. A Different Economy The economy and recent world events are unlike anything most of us have ever experienced. A global war against terrorism is a first for our country. The recession that began early in 2001 also is a first. It is the first with historically low unemployment (still far below that of the early '80s or early '90s), the first with virtually no inflation, the first with interest rates -- from mortgage rates to the prime rate -- at recent all-time lows. Despite this unusual environment, we enter 2002 with optimism and momentum. For the fourth quarter 2001 compared with fourth quarter 2000: · cash earnings per share were 80 cents, up seven percent,

FOCUSED ON OUR FUTURE 17

· earnings per share were 69 cents, up six percent, and · core revenue rose 16 percent. Signs point to a U.S. economic recovery by the second half of 2002. More than a trillion dollars in institutional funds and perhaps another trillion dollars in consumers' funds are waiting to be invested in the stock market. Billions of dollars of fiscal stimulus have been pumped into the economy. There is an energy "tax cut": oil and natural gas costs today are about $150 billion less than early last year. Mortgage refinancing and other loan rates have reduced consumers' interest costs nearly $100 billion. Inventories are at record lows which means production should increase as demand increases. Productivity has been quite strong even though the economy has slowed. Consumer confidence has dropped to the lowest level since the 1983 recession but is showing signs of recovering. Yes, oil imports could be disrupted. Terrorist attacks could reoccur. There is no doubt, however, that the free world eventually will win this war. No one should ever bet against the tenacity, resilience, ingenuity, spirit and determination of the American people. Demand for products and services will rebound. I am also optimistic because the U.S. financial services industry, especially banking, is generally in good shape, compared to the recessions of the early '80s and the early '90s. Our industry will provide the financial support required for an economic recovery. Progress Toward our Vision Even with all this challenge and change, much has not changed for our company. Our vision-- to satisfy all our customers' needs, offer them sound financial advice and help them succeed financially-- has not changed. Our financial services vision, our business model, our strategy, our values, our focus on outstanding sales and service, our commitment to safeguard our customers' assets and financial information, our belief in people as a competitive advantage -- none of those have changed. We are capable of producing double-digit revenue growth whether the economy is growing or contracting, in peace or war, if we continue to execute our business model successfully and earn more of our customers' business. This is, admittedly, a stretch goal but we're proud to shoot for it. Our greatest opportunity is right in front of us. We simply have to convince more of our own customers of the compelling price-value reasons for giving Wells Fargo the business they're already giving someone else. We need to provide customers such valuable advice that we will help
1 8 CO N N E C T E D TO O U R PA S T

them succeed financially. We must deliver exceptional service that exceeds their expectations. Every day our current customers give 75 percent of their financial services business to our competitors! When our customers do give us more of their business -- everyone benefits. We can give them a better deal. They save time with one-stop shopping. They stay with us longer. They give us more opportunities to satisfy their needs. They can access their finances when, where and how they want to across many distribution channels, anytime, 24/7. We can serve them better and our stockholders can earn higher, more consistent profits. We have another advantage. We're competing in the world's largest, most exciting, dynamic and fragmented industry. It's ripe for consolidation and market share gains. Financial services is a $2.5 trillion industry -- seven times that of banking. Wal-Mart has 55 percent of the discount retail market. Home Depot has 32 percent of the home improvement industry. What's the market share of the largest player in financial services? About three percent! Like Wal-Mart and Home Depot, we view ourselves as a distributor. In our case, we're a distributor of financial services products, whether we make the product or someone else does. We're not a product-centered company but a customer-centered company. We're focused not on selling checking accounts, credit cards or mortgages but on helping our customers succeed financially, satisfying their needs to borrow, save, invest, and insure their assets. To measure our progress in market share growth, four years ago we created 10 strategic initiatives. Here's a progress report: 1. Investments,Trust,Brokerage and Insurance This is, by itself, a $1.4 trillion industry -- more than half the size of the entire financial services industry. Therefore, it's our single biggest cross-sell opportunity. Our customers put about 50 percent of their assets in investments and insurance. They bring us less than a third of that. Five or six years ago, less than five percent of our profits came from investments and insurance. Today it's about 16 percent. We need to reach at least 25 percent. If we do, we'd still only be halfway there. To help us get there, we're expanding our network of financial consultants. We have one banker for every 1,600 of our banking households. We have one broker per 9,000 banking households. To address this imbalance, we made two key acquisitions in 2001. With the addition of H.D. Vest -- a network of more than 6,000 independent tax professionals and financial

Our Performance
($ in millions, except per share amounts) AS REPORTED FOR THE YEAR

2001

2000

% Change 2001/2000

Net income Net income applicable to common stock Earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Dividends declared per common share Average common shares outstanding Diluted average common shares outstanding Profitability ratios Net income to average total assets (ROA) Net income applicable to common stock to average common stockholders' equity (ROE) Total revenue Efficiency ratio Average loans Average assets Average core deposits Net interest margin
AT Y E A R E N D

$ $

3,423 3,409 1.99 1.97 1.00 1,709.5 1,726.9 1.20% 12.79

$ $

4,026 4,009 2.36 2.33 .90 1,699.5 1,718.4 1.61% 16.31

(15)% (15) (16) (15) 11 1 -- (25) (22) 2 7 12 14 15 --

$ 20,150 64.0% $163,124 285,421 167,946 5.36%

$ 19,708 60.0% $145,577 250,188 145,793 5.35%

Securities available for sale Loans Allowance for loan losses Goodwill Assets Core deposits Common stockholders' equity Stockholders' equity Tier 1 capital Total capital Capital ratios Common stockholders' equity to assets Stockholders' equity to assets Risk-based capital Tier 1 capital Total capital Leverage Book value per common share Team members (active, full-time equivalent)
C A S H N E T I N CO M E A N D R AT I O S  FOR THE YEAR

$ 40,308 172,499 3,761 9,527 307,569 182,295 27,150 27,214 18,247 27,253 8.83% 8.85 6.99 10.45 6.25 $ 16.01 119,714

$ 38,655 161,124 3,719 9,303 272,426 156,710 26,221 26,488 16,096 23,024 9.63% 9.72 7.29 10.43 6.49 $ 15.29 108,727

4 7 1 2 13 16 4 3 13 18 (8) (9) (4) -- (4) 5 10

Net income Net income applicable to common stock Diluted earnings per common share Profitability ratios Net income to average total assets (ROA) Net income applicable to common stock to average common stockholders' equity (ROE)

$

4,183 4,169 2.41 1.52% 25.31

$

4,663 4,646 2.70 1.94% 30.89

(10)% (10) (11) (22) (18)

 Cash net income and profitability ratios exclude goodwill amortization, the reduction of unamortized goodwill due to sales of assets and nonqualifying core deposit intangible (CDI) amortization. The ratios also exclude the balance of goodwill and nonqualifying CDI. Nonqualifying core deposit intangible (acquired after regulatory rule changes in 1992) amortization and average balance excluded from these calculations are, with the exception of the ROA ratio, net of applicable taxes. The pretax amount for the average balance of nonqualifying CDI was $1,062 million for the year ended December 31, 2001. The after-tax amounts for the amortization and average balance of nonqualifying CDI were $96 million and $659 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2001. Goodwill amortization and the reduction of unamortized goodwill due to the sales of assets and the average balance of goodwill (which were not tax effected) were $610 million, $54 million and $9,514 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2001.

FOCUSED ON OUR FUTURE 19

advisors -- we're now offering investment and insurance products to two million more individuals, families and small business customers. Our acquisition of Acordia -- one of the nation's largest independent property and casualty insurance brokers -- has more than tripled our insurance sales force. We're now the fifth largest insurance broker in the United States. We want all our customers to consolidate their banking, investments and insurance business with Wells Fargo. 2. Going for "Gr-eight"! We want to increase to eight the number of products our average banking household and business customer have with us. We're making progress but not nearly fast enough. We now sell an average of 3.8 products to every banking household compared with 3.3 when Norwest and Wells Fargo merged in late 1998. We can and must do better. We estimate the average U.S. household has 15 financial services products! Our share of banking deposits in a given market might be 25 to 30 percent but in those same markets our share of total household financial assets is only about three percent. The number of commercial and large corporate customers who have eight products with us rose 16 percent in 2001 but the average is still less than four. To save our customers time and money and earn more of their business, we introduced packages of related products and services called Wells Fargo Packs in the second quarter of 2001. More than 17 percent of our new retail banking customers bought four or more products from us by year-end 2001.
SM

3. Doing It Right for the Customer We want to be advocates for our customers and put them at the center of everything we do. We want to give them outstanding service each and every time, so they'll give us all their business, honor us with repeat purchases and rave about us to their family, friends and business associates. One year ago we told you about our company's single biggest opportunity for continued double-digit revenue growth and a higher stock price -- the quality of our customer service. We still have a very long way to go but our people have made outstanding progress. Last year we identified our company's Top 10 customer service issues and we are scheduled to have fixed all 10 of them by mid 2002: 1. Our 6,700 ATMs are now immediately available to our customers virtually 100 percent of the time. Our computer network is available 99 percent of the time.
2 0 CO N N E C T E D TO O U R PA S T

2. We virtually eliminated delays in posting loan, deposit and credit card payments and resolving offsets to online dollar transaction postings. 3. We virtually eliminated delays in getting customers their deposit account statements and reduced by 57 percent the number of missing items in customer account statements. 4. We reduced by half the number of bad or poor photocopies of customer checks. By using new technology, we'll soon be able to deliver copies to customers via e-mail. 5. Our error rate on customer statements is down a dramatic 78 percent since last year. 6. Our error rate for new account opening information has declined 33 percent. 7. Our average response time for our Phone Bank centers and store transactions now is well within customer expectations. 8. Thanks to more training and better communications, our customer-contact people know more about our products. They're answering more customer questions on the spot rather than referring them to our Phone Bank representatives. 9. Because we're doing less manual processing of paper checks in our banking stores, our input errors are down 20 percent from a year ago. They're down 35 percent in our banking states that are processing deposits of five checks or less electronically. 10. Our commercial loan hubs -- serving all 23 of our banking states -- are meeting all their service level agreements 95 percent of the time -- more than double the year-end 2000 rate. Having fixed last year's Top 10 service issues, here's our new Top 10: 1. Make our deposit statements more customer-friendly, 2. Make our fraud detection process even more effective, 3. Make internet service available more consistently to our commercial and corporate customers, 4. Reduce error rates in our new loan account process, 5. Eliminate more paper from the process when customers open new deposit accounts, 6. Create a process to respond even faster to customer questions and problems, 7. Ensure correct publishing of all customer 1-800 numbers -- so our customers know where to go to get what they need.

8. Speed up the process when our customers change account addresses, 9. Check back with customers soon after they open accounts, and 10. Make it easier for customers to bank with us across state lines by standardizing more procedures. This new list will be even more challenging than the first set because these issues are more complex. We'll have to meet a higher standard of performance than ever before. However, if we want to achieve our goal of reducing by at least half the annual rate at which we're losing customers, then we must be willing to reach for the "Next Stage"® of success in service quality. It will take teamwork, persistence and commitment. I do not know of another company with more talented team members that has made such a service commitment, dedicated the resources to do it, and made measurable progress. Fixing broken processes is a must -- but it's not enough by itself to ensure world class service each day, every time. The real foundation of service quality is the way we think about service, our attitude. We've learned to measure progress not just through our own eyes but from our customers' points of view. Reducing total error rates may make us feel good but if the remaining errors are clustered in certain pockets they could still inconvenience a significant number of customers. In the "Next Stage" of our service quality initiative we're asking: what does the entire customer experience feel like at Wells Fargo? We may provide customers with very acceptable photocopies of checks when they ask for them. We may post their payments and deposits on time. Our ATMs, Phone Bank centers and internet banking may be fully available to them every hour, every day. And yet, overall, customers may believe our service still is only about average -- and we may not even know it! As a result, we also need to answer these questions: · When customers come to us with their problems, how fast do we fix them? · How often does a Wells Fargo team member -- the first point of contact for a customer -- take personal responsibility to make sure the customer's problem is fixed? · Are we making it difficult for our customers to learn more about the full array of our products and services -- and if so how can we make it easier for them? · Are we using information technology in the best ways to serve our customers faster?

4. 100 Percent Bank and Mortgage/Home Equity Cross-Sell We want all our mortgage and home equity customers in our banking states to bank with us and we want our banking customers who need a mortgage or home equity loan to get it through Wells Fargo. Only 14 percent of our customers who are home owners have a mortgage with us. Among our mortgage customers, only about seven percent have a home equity loan with us even though we've made significant market share gains. We originated more home equity loans in 2001 than any of our competitors in our 23 banking states. We're #1 in home equity market share in Alaska, California, Colorado, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada and Wyoming and #2 in Arizona, Idaho, New Mexico and Oregon. Our national home equity market share rose from 2.2 percent in June 1999 to 3.0 percent at June 2001. 5. Wells Fargo Cards in Every Wallet We must make sure every one of our bank customers has a credit card and debit card with us. Two years ago 21.2 percent of our banking households had a Wells Fargo credit card. Today it's 23.1 percent. Three years ago, 59 percent of our checking customers had a Wells Fargo debit card. Today it's 83 percent (industry average: 62 percent). Almost 12 percent of our business checking accounts have a Wells Fargo business debit card -- compared with virtually zero at the start of 2001. Our Wells Fargo Purchasing Card -- enabling employees of our commercial and corporate customers to pay for travel, equipment and supplies under employer guidelines -- increased sales 20 percent and revenue 27 percent in 2001. 6. When,Where and How We want to integrate all our delivery channels -- stores, ATMs, our Phone Bank service, our online banking site, direct mail, interactive video -- to match them with when, where and how our customers want to be served. The most exciting example of our "when, where and how" progress is the continued rapid growth of wellsfargo.com, our fastest growing delivery channel. It's evolving from a transaction center to a relationship center. Our goal is to virtualize the bank. We're making outstanding progress toward offering and selling any product or service via the internet that we offer through our other channels for consumers, investors, small businesses and middle market and large corporations: · Nearly a third of our checking customers have signed up to bank with us online. #1 among ALL banks!
FOCUSED ON OUR FUTURE 21

· We have nearly three million users (six months active) for our internet banking service and the number of our customers who pay their bills online rose 44 percent in 2001. · We sold more than 600,000 products online to individual customers in 2001. That includes $1 billion in mortgages and $1.4 billion in home equity loans, giving us 18 percent national market share in online home equity originations. #1 among ALL banks! · More than 275,000 small businesses bank with us online (one-stop for secure payments, payroll, insurance and e-commerce services). We started this service only 19 months ago. Enrollments in 2001 jumped 138 percent. Almost one of every four small businesses in our 23 banking states that bank online do it with us! #1 among ALL banks! · Nearly 12,000 of our middle market and large corporate customers bank with us online with one sign-on for treasury management, international services, trust and investments, credit and loan services and purchasing. We started this service only 16 months ago. In 2001 we signed up an average of 800 new customers every month. #1 among ALL banks! · We started later than our competitors in internet brokerage but we're already the only financial services company to be in the Gomez Advisors' Top 10 for both online banking and online brokerage. Our discount brokerage revenue rose 24 percent in 2001. 7."Information-Based Marketing" We must use technology to take full advantage of what we know about our customers, while respecting and protecting the privacy of their personal information. We want to offer the right product to the right customer at the right time at every point of customer contact to save them time and money. For example, in advance of customer requests for credit, we now use technology to store pre-filled applications that shorten the approval process. In 2001, more than one million customers who applied for loans and credit cards benefited from the faster turn-around time. 8. Be Our Customers'Payments Processor We must make sure Wells Fargo adds real value that enables us to be the intermediary -- electronic or paper -- whenever and wherever our customers buy services. Payment transactions -- such as checking, cards, direct deposits, treasury management, and wire transfers -- account for more than $5 billion in revenue.
2 2 CO N N E C T E D TO O U R PA S T

9. Outstanding Customers We must keep all our high value customers and attract more of them by earning more business from households that can become high value customers. Almost half a million of our banking households now use our Wells Fargo Portfolio Management Account SM (PMA®) product, a consolidated statement of account balances with value pricing that we believe is the most comprehensive of its kind in our industry. These households have $87 billion in balances, up 38 percent from year-end 2000. They buy an average of 7.31 products and have average relationship balances of $186,000. 10.People as a Competitive Advantage We must continue to develop, reward and recognize all our team members, and build an inclusive work environment and a more diverse organization. The diversity of our business allows us to shift team members from slower growth to faster growth businesses. As a result, compared to our peers, the total number of people who've not found positions at Wells Fargo -- or who've chosen to leave the company -- after their job was eliminated has been relatively small the last three years. For example, new technology made one of our online customer service centers obsolete in 2001. We were able to place more than half the affected team members in similar positions at a Wells Fargo Phone Bank center in the same community. We continue to make people diversity -- respecting and valuing all the ways we're different -- a priority in all our business decisions. Our markets are more diverse ethnically than ever before. In California, for example, the so-called "minorities" are now the majority. There are more Latinos in the United States -- 35 million -- than the total population of Canada. To help more Mexican nationals in the United States access financial services, we were one of the first U.S. financial services companies to accept identification cards issued by the Mexican government as a second form of identification for opening bank accounts. 150 Years--What Does it Mean? This is an historic year for our company. On March 18, 2002 we began the celebration of our company's 150th anniversary -- the signing of charter documents by Henry Wells, William Fargo and other investors to provide banking and express services on the American frontier. Today we're one of America's oldest, continuous brands -- still connecting one market to another, connecting customers to

the "Next Stage" of their success, connecting them with information and their wealth. We're part of a very select group of American companies. As far as we've been able to tell, only about a dozen or so Fortune 500 companies have been around longer than we have, still doing what they were created to do, still using their founding name, still identifying with their founders' vision. If we continue providing outstanding service -- the implicit promise of our brand -- I have no doubt our customers will entrust us with more of their deposits and investment "nest eggs" and come to us for sound financial advice because we've been around 150 years through all economic cycles and national crises. It's a rare company that outlives the average human being. Our company has survived and prospered about twice that. How did we do it? By constantly reinventing ourselves. Wells Fargo has survived for 150 years -- from stagecoaches that went five miles an hour to e-mail at 30,000 miles a second -- because it's been a uniquely capitalistic enterprise. From decade to decade it has not been afraid to take advantage of "creative destruction." It has continually adapted new technology to create better ways to save customers time and money. In the 1870s, for example, it recognized it was not a stagecoach company -- it was a connecting company. It became an express business using ocean steamers and the railroad. It became a secure, cost-effective competitor in local mail delivery. In the 1890s it adopted the refrigerator railroad car to move fresh vegetables east, making California the agricultural capital of the world. It diversified into hauling passengers, goods, the mail and money. It became a modern day UPS, Federal Express, Postal Service, Greyhound bus line and bank all rolled into one. Wells Fargo continued to reinvent itself in the 20th century. It diversified beyond traditional banking and into financial services including mortgages, investments, and insurance, by giving customers choices for when, where and how they wanted to be served: through traditional banking stores, supermarket banking, ATMs, Phone Bank centers, the internet and mail. Our 150th anniversary also reminds us of the priceless value of our brand. The stagecoach carried valuables for customers to help them pursue prosperity, achieve their dreams of financial success, connect and correspond with their friends and families. It visually represents our values -- trust, security, dependability, outstanding service and convenience. It also represents one of the founding values of America: "the pursuit of happiness."

Connecting to the "Next Stage"of Success As we celebrate 150 years of service we thank our team members -- all 120,000 -- for helping connect our customers and communities to the "Next Stage" of their success. You're simply "the best." We thank our customers -- all 20 million of them -- for entrusting us with their assets and their financial transactions. We thank our communities -- thousands of them across North America -- for the privilege of helping them grow and prosper. We thank you -- our owners -- for your confidence and support of Wells Fargo. We look to the future with great excitement -- just as Henry Wells and William Fargo did in 1852. Henry Wells once wrote "This is a Great Country & a Greater People!" He and William Fargo had boundless faith in America, faith in the caring, creativity, and resourcefulness of people. So do we. In the 1860s, someone asked Henry Wells what it takes to succeed in business. "There is one very powerful business rule," he responded. "It is concentrated in the word -- `courtesy'." In the 21st century we call it "service." Always putting our customers' needs first. Asking them the right questions. Listening to their answers. Offering them sound financial advice and the best products to help them achieve their financial goals. Giving them such great service that they'll want to give us all their business and recommend us to their family and friends. That was the vision of Henry Wells and William Fargo in 1852. It's still our vision today. We're ready to achieve the "Next Stage" of success and start down the road of the next 150. It's going to be a great ride!

Richard M. Kovacevich, Chairman and CEO

FOCUSED ON OUR FUTURE 23

