To our owners,

John G. Stumpf Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Wells Fargo & Company

In 2010 we stood together with our customers. Seventy million of them. One of every three American households, in more communities than any other bank. One of every four U.S. home mortgage customers. Our customers worked harder than ever to earn a living or find a job. They paid down debt. They tightened their budgets. They saved, invested, paid their bills, and applied for loans. Many started a business or expanded one. They supported their neighborhoods and communities. In all of this, we helped them succeed financially.

Millicent C., Wells Fargo team member

Michael D., Wells Fargo team member

Ajay S., Wells Fargo team member

Gina B., Junior Achievement

2

Ty S., Wells Fargo customer

The recession may be officially over, but it still casts a dark shadow, though perhaps not as long a one. Unemployment stayed stubbornly, and unacceptably, around 9 percent, but the U.S. economy, ever so slowly, seemed to pick up steam. We helped generate that momentum. We provided $665 billion in loans and lines of credit to households and businesses, down 6.5 percent from a year ago, but up in the fourth quarter to the highest quarterly level since we acquired Wachovia at yearend 2008. Since the beginning of 2009, we helped more than 3.5 million mortgage customers buy a home or refinance their mortgage at a lower rate, saving them hundreds of dollars a month on mortgage payments, money they can save, invest, or use to pay down other debt. We had loan growth in the last half of the year in many portfolios, including asset-backed finance, auto dealer services, capital finance, private student lending, SBA, commercial banking, and commercial real estate. Some of our loan growth came from customers who brought us their business from other banks not diversified enough by geography, loan portfolio, or product line, or banks that don't offer the convenience or trusted brand that we do. When I first went to work in financial services in 1976, there were about 14,000 banks in the United States. Today there are about 7,000, yet there's more choice than ever before because banking is just a segment of the much broader, much larger financial services industry. As a result of the value we created for our customers, we achieved our second consecutive year of record earnings, $12.36 billion ($12.28 billion in 2009). That was despite the negative effect before taxes of $810 million of new federal regulations limiting overdraft fees. Our diluted earnings per common share were $2.21, up 26 percent from a year ago.1 We earned $85.2 billion in revenue, still the single most important measure of our customers' willingness to entrust us with more of their business. This was down from $88.7 billion last year. Profit before taxes and providing for loan loss reserves--the truest test of the earnings horsepower of the stagecoach--was $34.8 billion.2 We earned after-tax profit of $1.01 for every $100 in assets (97 cents last year). We earned 10.33 cents for every shareholder dollar (9.88 cents last year). Our stock price increased almost 15 percent for the year as the marketplace signaled its confidence in our company and the economy (compared with +13 percent for the S&P 500). Loan losses trending down As the economy improved, so did the quality of our loan portfolio. The rate of our credit losses trended down. The loans we deemed uncollectable, called net charge-offs, declined for four consecutive quarters. Net loan charge-offs in fourth quarter 2010 were $3.8 billion, down 29 percent from their peak a year ago. As a result, we were able to release $2.0 billion from our reserves. In 2011 we expect our credit quality will improve again and also expect our reserves to decline again unless there's some significant, unexpected downturn in the economy.
1 "Diluted" includes stock option grants and securities that can be converted into stock; EPS for 2009 reduced for dividends and deemed dividend when TARP preferred stock redeemed. 2 Total revenue minus non-interest expense; measures our ability to generate capital to cover credit losses through a credit cycle.

Our loan losses declined for four consecutive quarters, down or relatively flat in commercial loans, credit cards, and home equity. The loans we acquired two years ago through the Wachovia merger, which we wrote down at the acquisition by about 40 cents on the dollar, have performed as we expected or better. Nonperforming loans (not accruing interest) rose moderately from a year ago, but declined sizably in the last quarter of the year. We expect nonperforming assets to stay high because the recession, as they say, still has a tail. We had $0.89 set aside for potential loan losses for every dollar of loans that were not accruing interest, compared with $1.03 last year. Growing capital the right way: Earning it Capital--usually a mix of equity and debt--is what a bank must hold in reserve to support its businesses. A bank uses capital to invest and grow consistently over time and to absorb any unexpected losses along the way. Coming into the credit crisis two years ago, for example, Wells Fargo was very well capitalized. This enabled us to acquire Wachovia and double the size of our company. The best way to grow capital is the old-fashioned way: earn it yourself internally rather than relying on unpredictable markets. We've grown our capital internally at a higher, more consistent rate than any of our large peers because we've earned more per dollar of assets than they did. How do we do it? Our foundation for this growth is not a financial equation, but, rather, our very clear, time-tested vision that we've made steady progress toward for almost a quarter century. We want to satisfy all our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. Thanks to our vision and diversified business model, centered on what's best for our customers and building lifelong relationships with them, our capital is stronger today than it's ever been. Our Tier 1 capital (the ratio of a bank's core equity capital to its total risk-weighted assets) rose to 11.2 percent from 9.3 percent a year ago. Our Tier 1 common ratio (a measure of the best kind of capital) was 8.3 percent of risk-weighted assets, up from 6.5 percent a year ago. Our Tier 1 common capital ratio was 28 percent higher than a year ago.3 New international standards may require banks globally to hold top-quality capital eventually totaling seven percent of their risk-weighted assets (some banks have as little as two percent now). Those regulations aren't final yet, but -- based on those new international standards -- we expect to be above the seven percent threshold under the proposed rules, as we currently understand them, sometime in 2011. By being above seven percent in 2011, we'll be above the new standards well before they start going into effect in 2013. They're not scheduled to be fully in effect until 2018. To retain more capital and further strengthen our ability to earn more of our customers' business, our Board reduced Wells Fargo's quarterly common stock dividend from 34 cents to five cents a share in March 2009. We want to increase our dividend as soon as is practical. To do so, we submitted in early 2011 a capital plan, as requested, to the Federal Reserve.

3 Please see Note 25 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements and the "Financial Review ­ Capital Management" section in this Report for more information.

3

Our performance
in millions, except per share amounts

2010

2009

% Change

FOR THE YEAR Wells Fargo net income Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock Diluted earnings per common share Profitability ratios: Wells Fargo net income to average total assets (ROA) Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock to average Wells Fargo common stockholders' equity (ROE) Efficiency ratio 1 Total revenue Pre-tax pre-provision profit 2 Dividends declared per common share Average common shares outstanding Diluted average common shares outstanding Average loans Average assets Average core deposits 3 Average retail core deposits 4 Net interest margin AT YEAR-END Securities available for sale Loans Allowance for loan losses Goodwill Assets Core deposits 3 Wells Fargo stockholders' equity Total equity Tier 1 capital 5 Total capital 5 Capital ratios: Total equity to assets Risk-based capital: 5 Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage 5 Tier 1 common equity 6 Book value per common share Team members (active, full-time equivalent)

$

12,362 11,632 2.21 1.01% 10.33 59.2

12,275 7,990 1.75 0.97 9.88 55.3 88,686 39,666 0.49 4,545.2 4,562.7 822,833 1,262,354 762,461 588,072 4.28

1% 46 26 4 5 7 (4) (12) (59) 15 15 (6) (3) 1 (3) --

$

85,210 34,754 0.20 5,226.8 5,263.1

$

770,601 1,226,938 772,021 572,881 4.26%

$

172,654 757,267 23,022 24,770 1,258,128 798,192 126,408 127,889 109,353 147,142 10.16% 11.16 15.01 9.19 8.30 22.49 272,200

172,710 782,770 24,516 24,812 1,243,646 780,737 111,786 114,359 93,795 134,397 9.20 9.25 13.26 7.87 6.46 20.03 267,300

-- (3) (6) -- 1 2 13 12 17 9 10 21 13 17 28 12 2

$

1 The efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income). 2 Pre-tax pre-provision profit (PTPP) is total revenue less noninterest expense. Management believes that PTPP is a useful financial measure because it enables investors and others to assess the Company's ability to generate capital to cover credit losses through a credit cycle. 3 Core deposits are noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing checking, savings certificates, certain market rate and other savings, and certain foreign deposits (Eurodollar sweep balances). 4 Retail core deposits are total core deposits excluding Wholesale Banking core deposits and retail mortgage escrow deposits. 5 See Note 25 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information. 6 See the "Financial Review ­ Capital Management" section in this Report for additional information.

4

We await its assessment of that plan. We know the value of dividends to you, our shareholders. We thank you for your loyalty and your patience. Our capital position is among the strongest of any large bank in the world, but capital isn't meant to be hoarded, it's meant to be used. Strongly capitalized banks such as Wells Fargo should be allowed to put more of their capital to work for economic growth, lending to creditworthy customers, investing in communities, and returning more capital to their shareholders so they can invest it. At the same time, our #1 financial goal remains unchanged: Have a conservative financial structure as measured by asset quality, capital levels, diversity of revenue sources, and dispersing risk by geography, loan size, and industry. How's the merger going? So far, so great Two years ago--to offer more value and convenience to our current customers and to our new customers--we began the largest, most complex banking merger in U.S. history. We're now in the final innings of integrating Wachovia. We're creating single computer systems for our combined businesses that serve all 70 million of our customers, so their hometown bank is always right around the corner and we can serve them across the country and around the world when, where, and how they want to be served. The past two years, we've completed almost a hundred conversions to the One Wells Fargo brand. Amazing! One ATM system. One credit card system. One mortgage system. One mutual funds system. One brokerage system. One retirement services system. One system for trust services. We're now creating one operating system for retail banking, the nation's most extensive financial services network. We've already integrated our Community Banking operations in Alabama, Arizona, California, Colorado, Delaware, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, New Jersey, Tennessee, and Texas. So far, each of our conversions has gone extremely well. That might look like a miracle to some observers, but not to us. Our success so far simply has been the result of an immense amount of planning, hard work, focus, skill, and sacrifice by tens of thousands of our dedicated team members who are visible or invisible to our customers. We can't thank them and their families enough. We're determined to finish the job with the same focus that has served us so well the last two years. We still need to bring 70 percent of Wachovia banking customers fully into the Wells Fargo retail banking system in 2011. We'll do that when we combine operating systems under the Wells Fargo brand for our banking stores in New York and Connecticut (March), Pennsylvania (April), and Florida, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and Washington D.C. later in the year. In just the past two years, by every measure, this merger has delivered significant benefit for all our stakeholders, more than even we first expected. One plus one, indeed, can equal three. We originally estimated the integration would cost $7.9 billion. Our latest estimate: about $6 billion. We originally thought we'd save $5 billion in expenses after the integration and that's still true. To date, we've used only about half our initial write-down

through purchase accounting of Wachovia's loan portfolios. Those portfolios have performed better than we expected at the time of our merger. For our team members, the merger has doubled their career opportunities across a company twice our former size, the nation's 12th-largest private employer with more U.S.-based team members than any other financial services company. For our customers, it means more products, more convenience, more opportunities for sound financial advice and pricevalue. For our communities, it means more capital: financial, human, and social, and the presence of a strong, stable, and growing financial services provider, employer, and taxpayer (7th-largest U.S. taxpayer in 2010 among all industries). For our shareholders, it means an even more attractive, long-term investment. The merger enables us to earn even more of our customers' business. In California, where we're now the state's most extensive community bank, we grew checking accounts in 2010 by a net 8.2 percent. In Florida, yet to convert to our brand, checking accounts rose a net 10 percent, despite the state's struggling economy and slower population growth. That's virtually all new business, customers who either left other banks and came to us, or chose to open their first checking account with us. When Wells Fargo and Wachovia merged two years ago, customers of the combined new bank had $745.4 billion of core deposits with us. At year-end 2010, despite the recent recession, our core deposits were $798.2 billion, up seven percent. Our two million Wachovia credit card customers (consumer and business) have converted to Wells Fargo. They can view and print up to 24 months of online statements, choose to end paper delivery, benefit from free online money management tools, and be protected against liability for fraud that's promptly reported. Many huge revenue opportunities of the merger remain to be seized. For example, there are about three million Wells Fargo mortgage customers in the 15 states plus the District of Columbia who became our customers through our merger with Wachovia. Only about 29 percent of them bank with us. Only about one of every five of our banking households nationwide with a mortgage, have a Wells Fargo mortgage. Huge opportunity! Community Banking: Cross-sell milestone If anyone tells you it's easy to earn more business from current customers in financial services, don't believe them. We should know. We've been at it almost a quarter century. We've been called, true or not, the "king of cross-sell." To succeed at it, you have to do a thousand things right. It requires long-term persistence, significant investment in systems and training, proper team member incentives and recognition, taking the time to understand your customers' financial objectives, then offering them products and solutions to satisfy their needs so they can succeed financially. You can't expect much progress in earning more business from current customers in just one quarter or even in a year or two. That's why many banks give up on it. The bad news is it's hard to do. The good news is it's hard to do, because once you build it, it's a competitive advantage that can't be copied. If it were easy, everyone would be doing it.
5

Thirteen years ago, when I was head of Community Banking for Norwest Bank in Texas (before Norwest acquired Wells Fargo), our company set an ambitious goal to have our average banking household have eight products with us. Many analysts, focused only on the next quarter, yawned. That year, we averaged nearly four products per retail banking household. The next year, at the merger of Norwest and Wells Fargo, it was 3.2. 1999: 3.4. 2000: 3.7. 2001: 3.8. 2002: 4.2. 2003: 4.3. 2004: 4.6. 2005: 4.8. 2006: 5.2. 2007: 5.5. 2008: 5.7. 2009: our legacy Wells Fargo households, just under 6.0. This year, we crossed a major cross-sell threshold. Our banking households in the western U.S. now have an average of 6.14 products with us. For our retail households in the east, it's 5.11 products and growing. Across all 39 of our Community Banking states and the District of Columbia, we now average 5.70 products per banking household (5.47 a year ago). One of every four of our banking households already has eight or more products with us. Four of every ten have six or more. Even when we get to eight, we're only halfway home. The average banking household has about 16. I'm often asked why we set a cross-sell goal of eight. The answer is, it rhymed with "great." Perhaps our new cheer should be: "Let's go again, for ten!" More sales don't always bring better service, but better service almost always brings more sales. That's why our service quality scores are an early indicator of our sales trends. Our service scores are rising. Almost eight of every ten of our Regional Banking customers said they're "extremely satisfied" with their recent call or visit with our banking stores or contact centers. For the second year in a row, we ranked #1 among large banks, according to the American Customer Satisfaction Index, an independent measure of how satisfied U.S. customers are with the quality of consumer goods and services. We grew market share in several other Community Banking businesses. Consumer checking accounts rose a net 7.5 percent. Average checking and savings deposits across the company were up 10 percent. We have more than two-and-a-half million business customer relationships. Business checking accounts rose a net 4.8 percent last year, while store-based business solutions increased 22 percent in the West. Sales of Wells Fargo Business Services® Packages (business checking account and at least three other business products) rose 42 percent, purchased by two of every three new business checking account customers in the West. Our average Business Banking customer in the West now has 4.04 products with us (3.76 a year ago). We extended $14.9 billion of new lending (to existing or new borrowers, and increases to lines of credit) to small businesses in 2010, up 2.9 percent from last year. We continue to be the nation's #1 small business and SBA lender. Our Auto Dealer Services team grew its share of the used-vehicle lending market from 4.3 percent in the first quarter of 2009 to 5.4 percent at year-end 2010, retaining its #1 national ranking, and solidifying relationships with 11,000 dealers. In the West, eight of every ten new customers who opened a checking account also purchased Wells Fargo Packages® (a checking account and at least three other products) -- with sales rising 21 percent. We ended the year with 18.3 million active online banking customers, up 10.3 percent from a year
6

"The percent of our mortgage customers late on their payments or in the foreclosure process was about a fourth less than the industry average."
earlier, and 4.7 million active mobile customers, up 88 percent from a year earlier. Global Finance ranked us the best online bank in North America for consumers, corporate, and institutional customers. New regulations prohibit banks from automatically covering ATM withdrawals and everyday debit card transactions that customers make from accounts short of funds. They now must choose if they want those transactions denied at the counter or if they want us to cover those shortages. We want them to make smart financial choices, use our free online tools, and have a personal financial plan. We eliminated overdraft fees for consumer and most business deposit customers when they overdraw their account by $5 or less. Our student lending in the private market rose 43 percent in our Wachovia community banking states and our national market share rose to 25 percent (16 percent a year ago). A new law regrettably removed private-sector lenders from the federal student market, but there's still an important role for private lenders. We're very much in the student loan business, as we've been for 42 years. College costs continue to rise. Governmentguaranteed loans provide only about $7,500 or less for college costs. Students, families, and schools still need our help to be financially successful, especially Wachovia customers, because their company had exited the student loan business right before it merged with Wells Fargo. Home Mortgage: Helping keep customers in their homes We originated $386 billion in mortgages this year, providing one of every four home loans making us, again, the nation's largest home mortgage lender. We provided 1.8 million mortgages, at historically low rates, for customers to buy a home or refinance their mortgage. Applications for mortgages in the pipeline at year-end were $73 billion, up 28 percent from a year ago. We serviced $1.8 trillion in mortgages, one of every six U.S. mortgage households, the nation's second-largest servicing portfolio. Americans are resilient. They proved it again this year. Ninety-two percent of our customers made their home payments on time. Delinquency rates declined. The percent of our mortgage customers late on their payments or in the foreclosure process was about a fourth less than the industry average. Only three of every 100 of our home equity customers were two or more payments past due. We avoided foreclosure for about three-fourths of those customers 60 days or more past due who chose to work with us. In 2009 and 2010, we adjusted loan terms, lowered rates or reduced principal (or a combination of the three) for 620,000 loans to help customers stay in their homes. For 73,000 loans,

we forgave $3.8 billion in principal (by far, the industry leader in this measure). That was an average reduction of $51,000 per loan. To do this work, we hired 10,000 home preservation staff for a total of 16,000. We assign one specialist to work with a customer from start-to-finish on a modification. In 2010 however, we didn't always measure up. For example, when we became aware we hadn't managed some aspects of the foreclosure affidavit process well, our first concern was to confirm that no customer experienced an unwarranted foreclosure because of an incorrect affidavit. We then reviewed certain pending foreclosure affidavits, and enhanced our policies and processes to help ensure full consistency and compliance. We plan to double in 2011 the number of home preservation events we hosted last year. Through 19 large-scale events since the beginning of 2009, we've worked face-to-face with 19,000 customers struggling to make their mortgage payments. We met with 31,000 more customers at our 27 home preservation centers across the country. Our commitment to our customers and our country in managing home loan challenges has been unwavering, and it will continue in 2011. Wholesale Banking: Ripe with opportunity Our Wholesale bankers were careful planners and stewards of their businesses during the economic downturn. As a result, they're now earning even more of our customers' business as the economy revives. For example, they managed Microsoft's $4.7 billion senior notes offering. They're providing $750 million to finance LEED® certified commercial buildings and community development projects. They're providing insurance to help reduce customers' business risks. They're satisfying the global financial needs of more of our clients through our international group's 36 offices in 34 countries. Investment Banking Helping our corporate and middle market clients raise capital to grow their businesses is an art and a science. You have to focus on what's best for the customer. You have to provide extensive research and deep, thoughtful knowledge about the client's industry. You have to have a very experienced team that can provide superior execution. All this has to be supported by a strong capital position. Because of our strength in all these areas many large companies are now entrusting billions of dollars of bond and equity financing with Wells Fargo, including MetLife, HSBC, Walmart, Hewlett Packard and Hertz. Many other companies turned to Wells Fargo Securities in 2010 for their mergers and acquisitions, including Penske, Capital Source, Snyder's of Hanover, Lance, Inergy, and Atlas Pipeline. Supporting municipalities, healthcare and education Many banks are averse to doing business with governments, education, healthcare and non-profits because of what they perceive as high risk and low returns. We're proud to serve these sectors. We provide a wide range of financial solutions for our 4,400 government, education, healthcare and nonprofit clients. Our loans to these institutions rose 40 percent for the year. Their deposits with us rose 35 percent. We also

identified more opportunities to serve them, and this benefits communities and our shareholders. In 2010, we facilitated hundreds of transactions to support municipalities, hospitals and universities, including a $300 million credit facility for the Los Angeles Department of Water & Power, part of a comprehensive, long-term relationship with the city. Helping American business grow We serve thousands of companies across America that have annual revenue from $10 million to $750 million. Bankers may call this the "middle market," but it's really The Big Middle. Companies such as this are at the forefront of the U.S. economic recovery. They employ tens of millions of Americans. They make things people use every day. They're the lifeblood of the tax base in our communities. Their shop floors are where America gets things done, makes things better and makes better things. As CEO of Wells Fargo, I'm privileged to visit the plants and offices of many of our commercial customers every year across the country. They appreciate our relationship approach, consistent underwriting through the business cycle, local decision-making, and the depth and breadth of our products, which we believe are the best in our industry. The CEOs and CFOs of many of our commercial customers, and many of our large corporate customers, are telling us they see the economy improving. Many are adding inventory, expanding operations, using lines of credit and qualifying for new credit. One example is Aetna Plywood, a wholesale distributor of wood and composite products based in Maywood, Illinois. It's been a loyal customer of Wells Fargo for several years. Its sales declined during the recession, but its owner and president, Larry Rassin, says sales picked up in 2010 as its clients began making delayed improvements in their stores. "It's a slow progression of continued growth," he says, "and we believe it will continue." We want to be the commercial bank of choice for companies like Aetna Plywood in every one of our markets. We want to have more lead relationships than any competitor in every market we serve. We want to satisfy every financial need of commercial customers, large and small. We made significant progress toward these ambitious goals in 2010. We're already #1 in market share for middle-market companies. Our Commercial Banking team attracted more new customers in 2010 than in any single year in our company's history. Our average Commercial Banking relationship in the West (legacy Wells Fargo) had eight products with us in 2010. In the East, where the Wachovia conversion is in the home stretch, customer relationships are strong and we're earning more of their business. Average core deposits for Wholesale Banking customers rose 15 percent. Loan balances grew in asset-backed finance and global financial institutions. New loan commitments rose in commercial real estate. Our commercial customers have scanned, sent and deposited from their offices more than $1 trillion of checks with us the last three years securely via the internet through our Desktop Deposit service. This saved them, and our environment, 1.64 million miles driving back and forth to the bank, and 91,000 gallons of gas.

7

Financial planning and investing: One visit doesn't do it all As we stand together with our customers, helping them manage their investments and plan their financial future, we're reminded every day that this isn't a one-time event any more than one visit to a doctor's office ensures good health. Our relationships with Wealth, Brokerage and Retirement customers are built on providing thoughtful, objective, and frequent advice--understanding each customer's individual goals, risk tolerance, and needs, monitoring progress, and helping them make changes when it's right for them to do so. When our customers achieve financial success--however they define it--then we'll achieve our goal: becoming the nation's most respected provider of wealth, brokerage, and retirement services. The opportunity to earn more business from our own customers is enormous. Only nine of every 100 of our banking households have brokerage relationships with us. Only six of every 100 have their IRA with us. We want all our investment customers to bank with us. We want all our banking customers to think of us first for all their investment needs. Our average banking household that has a Wealth, Brokerage or Retirement relationship with us has an average of 9.80 products with us (up from 9.67 in first quarter 2010). Wealth Our team-based approach gives our customers access to experts with deep knowledge and extensive experience in many disciplines. We manage, administer, or have custody of $198 billion in assets, including $48 billion in deposits, for our high-net-worth clients. Client deposits rose a strong 13 percent, a key measure of our ability to earn more of their business. Investment management and trust revenue was up 11 percent from 2009 on strong investment results and continued growth in the trust services provided to clients. Brokerage We believe every customer should have a financial plan. Wells Fargo Advisors, the nation's third-largest retail brokerage network with 15,200 full-service financial advisors and 4,400 licensed bankers, is helping make that goal a reality. Today, more than two-thirds of our affluent customers have a financial plan. This year, we grew customer assets 6 percent to $1.2 trillion. Managed-account assets, now at $235 billion, rose $38 billion, or 20 percent. The number of loans originated through Wells Fargo Advisors financial advisors rose 71 percent, totaling $7.2 billion. Retirement Our 2010 Retirement Survey showed that working in retirement is becoming the norm for middle-class Americans, the latest evidence that retirement is changing drastically and that people need help more than ever. We work with customers as they plan and prepare for their retirement, and we also administer 401(k), pension, and other retirement plans for companies. Customer assets in retirement plans that we administer rose 6 percent, or $14 billion, to $231 billion for the year. Our national market share rose to 3.7 percent (3.1 percent a year ago). We strengthened our rank as one of the nation's top-five IRA providers, growing IRA assets 10 percent, or $24 billion, to $266 billion.

Now the hard part: Making rules that work for America The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act may change the landscape of financial services more than any other law in my three-decade career in the industry. It's 2,319 pages. (The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 was 66 pages. Those were the good old days!) Its 240 rules will affect checking accounts, debit cards, credit cards, home loans, and brokerage accounts. We support any protection for customers nationally to ensure all financial services providers, not just banks, are held to the same high standard of responsibility that we've tried to hold ourselves to for almost 160 years. Our customers expect nothing less. We're working with legislators and regulators to help make sure this happens. Dodd-Frank and other new regulations, however, would reduce the prices banks can charge for some products. One example: a reduction of 80 percent or more, scheduled to take effect in July 2011, in the fee banks charge retailers when customers use their debit cards at the cash register. Government price controls such as this make no sense. They distort our market-based, free-enterprise economy. What's next? Will the government require car dealers to sell a new vehicle for $5,000 or grocers a gallon of milk for 50 cents? Banks should be fairly compensated for the value that debit cards create for merchants and their customers by reducing fraud risk and the cost of carrying cash or handling checks. An 80 percent cut in this fee wouldn't even enable us to cover the cost of providing the service. The key to growing our economy There are three priorities for our economy. The first is creating good jobs. The second is creating good jobs. The third is creating good jobs. Negative home equity, depressed housing prices, and mortgage foreclosures are not the cause of our sluggish economy. They're the result of homeowners losing their jobs. I started as a loan collector in banking 34 years ago. Back then, when a borrower wasn't making payments, it usually was because of divorce, a death in the family, medical emergency or, most often, unemployment. It's the same today. Americans want to pay their bills and will if they have the resources to do so. The U.S. economy did add a million jobs last year, but that's cold comfort to the almost one in every 11 Americans looking for work. We're telling all our creditworthy business customers as often as we can: More credit is available. Many of our small business and commercial customers have the cash and resources to rehire and expand, but there's hesitation because of the legislative and regulatory landscape, customer spending habits, and government debt. This can paralyze and confuse business owners, entrepreneurs, investors, and consumers. Government and private enterprise need to stand together to alleviate this uncertainty by promoting fiscal discipline and economic opportunity. Wells Fargo is hiring. At year-end 2010, we had 6,500 unfilled jobs in our company. We want to create a welcoming home for talent, a place where team members can build a varied, challenging, satisfying career that can last a lifetime. We consider team members an asset to invest in, not an expense to be managed. We invested 3 percent of our total payroll dollars for the year in team member training, an

8

average of 36 hours for every team member. We've added 3,000 bankers in our stores the past two years and opened 47 banking stores during the last year, many in Wachovia Community Banking states. Regardless of the economic cycle, any successful business must reduce cost and complexity without impairing customer service. This means that in a company our size, jobs are being created, changed, or eliminated every day. In 2010, we closed our network of 638 Wells Fargo Financial stores because we now can serve those consumer and commercial finance customers through our national network, expanded through the Wachovia merger, of 6,314 Community Banking stores, and through other Wells Fargo businesses. In addition to our banking stores, we also have a mortgage presence in 2,200 locations including standalone mortgage stores and other businesspartner sites. Because "people as a competitive advantage" is one of our primary values, we identified positions elsewhere in our company for thousands of team members affected by this difficult decision. We also moved other businesses and functions that were part of Wells Fargo Financial to other parts of our company. We're proud that by year-end, three of every four affected team members, or 11,200, had moved into other positions or departments with our company. That is standing together with team members. In appreciation In April 2011, Dick McCormick retires from our Board after 28 years of service to our company. We believe this makes him the longest-serving Board member in our company's history. Dick joined the Board of our predecessor company, Norwest Corporation, in 1983 when we were an Upper Midwest bank with $20 billion in assets, more than 900 stores, and 17,700 team members (including me, a 29-year-old loan administrator who had joined the company a year earlier). Dick brought to our Board not just decades of senior leadership in the telecommunications industry, but year after year, we benefited from his thorough, pragmatic knowledge of our industry, markets, and businesses, his institutional memory, and his ability to ask the tough questions in a respectful and courteous way, with integrity, humility, and kindness. He embodies for us the best of corporate governance. We thank Dick and his wife, Mary Pat, for all they've done for our company, and wish them and their family all the best. We thank all our team members for standing together with our customers, taking the time to understand and satisfy their financial needs, helping them create a financial plan, serving them when, where, and how they want to be served. We thank them for their outstanding execution to date of the Wells FargoWachovia merger as we embark on the third and final year of the integration. Recognizing their outstanding effort, our Board approved in January 2011 a profit-sharing contribution of 2 percent of pay for all eligible team members on our U.S. payroll into their 401(k) plans. We thank our customers for entrusting us with even more of their business and returning to us for their next financial services product. Beginning on the next page, we tell you the stories of how we stand together

with our customers and our communities. And we thank you, our owners, for your confidence in Wells Fargo as we begin our 160th year. We're more optimistic than ever about the future of our company, our communities, and our country. Every decision we make is guided by our vision--to satisfy all our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially--and by our values: people, ethics, "what's right for our customers," diversity, and leadership. They remain our compass, our road map, our gyroscope. That's the way our ancestors who raised their families, the pioneers who built our communities, the team members who built our company, were guided. They didn't need GPS, smart phones, and electronic tablets to find their way. Their values guided them. We do this by choice, not chance. We don't wake up every morning having to ask ourselves which way we're going. We just stand with our customers, try to do what's right for them, and keep riding the stagecoach in the same direction it's been headed since 1852. When we stand together, we can thrive together.

John G. Stumpf Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

9

