Thanks to our 117,000 talented team members, Wells Fargo acheived something never before accomplished in banking history. We successfully merged and combined the systems of two large banks while delivering record cash earnings per share of $2.91, excluding First Security results for the first nine months of 2000.
That was 14 percent higher than last year. On a similar basis, we also had record revenue growth of more than 10 percent and increased market share. I beleive ours was the largest and most complex systems convesion in banking histroy. In 2000 alone, we had 63 seperate conversions, more than one a weekened. These conversions connected what now is America's most extensive banking franchise- 23 Midwestern and Western
states spanning more than 3,000 miles across five time zones from Van Wert, Ohio to Bethel, Alaska. The conversions affected more than 14 million banking customers, 2,9000 banking stores, and 6,500 ATMs. The result is we now present ourselves as one brand to our customres. They can save more time and more than ever before and benefit from the conveience of one of North America's largest and most diversified financial services companies. 
Amazing Progress
What's amazing is thisL
- Our Team completed these conversions six months ahead of time schedule 
- Each of these conversions was difficult and required thousands of our people to work many weekends and extra hours. They pulled together. They perserved. They put the customer first. They connected. What a team!
- In the midst of these conversions, we announced and began integrating 41 acquisitions with banking assets of $40 billion (including the $23 billion First Security Corporation and the $3 billion National Bacorp of Alaska Inc.). That's almost half the size of either the firmer Norwest or the former Wells Fargo two years ago.
- We not only earned mroe business from current customers but gained market share and new customres. That's almost unheard of in the midst of a major merger in any industry. 
- Excluding First Security, we achieved eight consecutive quarters of record net income, earnigs per share, return on assets and return on equity.
- Our price to earnings ratio at year-end 2000 was almost twice that of our peer group- and our stock price rose 38 percent in 2000
- Loans and revenue across our 23-state Community Banking franchise grew 13 percent and 9 percent respectively.
- In California, home to one of every nine Americans. product sales grew 22 percent, loans and revenue each grew 16 percent. We now touch two of every five of the state's residents.
- Wholesale Banking- serving commercial real estate and corporate customers- grew its loan volume 15 percent. Sales calls, proposals and new relationships were up over 25 percent.
- Our mortgage company had its tenth consecutive year of record earnings and regained its #1 industry ranking in both loan originationsand loan servicing.
- Home equity loans grew over 20 percent company-wide and monthly originations via the Internet increased four-fold.
- Our consumer finance business grew receivables by $2 billion, a 20 percent increase.
- Our internet site, wellsfargo.com- our fastest growing distribution channel- surpassed 2.6 million customers. That's two and a half times larger than two years ago, We're still adding
100,000 new customres a month, more than two a minute. We have more daily, individual visitors a month than Fidelity, American Express, Citibank, Bank of America, or Schwab
- Our Private Client Services businessess - investment management and brokerage- increased revenue about 20 percent. Since the merger, our brokerage sales team has grown 80 percent and ther productivity has risen 41 percent.
LOOKING AHEAD: ONE KEY MEASURE
We've made outstanding progress. By itself, however, it cannot connect us to the "Next Stage of our  company, ensure continued double digit revenue increaes, and achieve our vision. As our industry continues to grow and consolidate, we beleive there's one key measure of performance
that will seperate the winners from also-rans and have a major effect on our market share and stock price. New products and technology are not enough. They can be copied quickly. Efficeiency is important but you cannot cost-cut your way to growth. Acquisitions help us enter new markets and increase market share but bigger is not always better.
Cross-sell- earnings all our customers' business- is absolutely critical but more sales do not always creat satisfied customers. What's left?
We believe it's this. The quality of our customer service. That is determined by the attitude, the caring, the commitment of all 117,000 of our team members. Considering all we've achieved the past two years- conversions, acquisitions, revenue and profit growth, increased market share, retaining
two thirds of our team members whose positions were eliminated due to the merger- we feel very good that there has been no broad deterioration on our customer service. We're at least as good as our competitors. We consider that quite an accomplishment.
The question now is- can a company that wants to be great get there with average customer service? The answer is no. We're great in many areas- financial performance, product innovation, sales success, return to stockholders, and social responsibility. Customer however, is the more area in which we continue to be about average compared with our peers.
We're not alone. National surveys show continued declines in customer satisfaction in many industries. Customer expectations, on the other hand, are rising. When customers do get great service, it becomes the standard for what they expect all the time. Every customer wants special treatment all the time. They deserve it. They're the customer.
Service quality not only affects our customers, it affects our bottom line and your investment in Wells Fargo. We cannot provide average service and expect to achieve superior financial performance. A lost customer is lost revenue. Once we lose customers it's almost impossible to get them back. Good news travels fast. Bad news travels faster.
Every customer who gets poor service from a company tells lots of other people. It costs us five times as much to add new customers as it does to keep those we already have. Every two percent of customers we keep is equal to cutting our cost 10%.
Most customres who leave a financial services company do so not because of inconvenience or complaints about products or fees. They leave because they feel no one cares. They leave because a series of events or a combination of circumstances makes them beleive something is wrong with the company's process for fixing their problem. They might leave,
even though they're treated with courtesy, because the proble, doesn't get fixed or doesn't get fixed fast enough.
Time to Put a Stake in the Ground
So, now is as good a time as any to face the facts and put a stake in the ground. Our service is average to slightly above average. We want it to be great We want to give service that is 100 percent. 
We've known for many years that we're not really in the money business. Money is a commodity. We're in the service business. Service is not a commodity. It's the value added.
Our product is service. The talent of our people sells products. The quality of our service keeps customers coming back for more. We intend to distinguish ourselves from our competitors in two important ways. First, we want to be 
advocates for our customres. We want to put them at the center of everything that we do. We want to give them such outstanding service that they will give us all their business, honor us with repeat purchases and rave about us to their families, friends, and business associates.
Second, we want to understand their needs so well and give them such sound financial advice that we will help them become financially successful and they, in turn, will reward us with more of their business. We want every one of our consumer households and business customers to buy an average of eight products from us, about double what they have today.
Yes, these are ambitious goals. Yes, it will take time to achieve them. This is hard to do. Anything hard to do however, is a compeititve advantage if you get it right because your competitors can't copy it. Here's how we expect to do it.
First, we've created a Customer Experience Team to set goals, decide the elements of our customer service programs, identify service problems, and commit resources to fix those problems. This group- made up of senior managers from across the company- has formed a SWAT team that addresses problems that need immediate fixing because they're having a significant effect on the customers.
Second, we expect that the first team membber a customer approaches with a proble, will take personal responsibility for fixing it. It's human nature to want to hand off a problem to someone else.
The bigger a company is the more that happens. Bigger, however, is not always better. In fact, the bigger we become, the smaller we have to be. The bigger we are, the more important that each of our team members accepts individual responsibility and accountability. Customers can get lost in big companies.
They don't always know the right person to turn to for help. Quite often they can be passed from one person, phone number, recorded message, vouce mail or mouse click to another. Taking personal responsibility for the customer is essential because every team member is Wells Fargo to that customer. That means we must become much better at giving our people authority to solve a customer's problem- on the spot.
If that means that on occasion that a team member- trying to do the tigh thing for a customer- doesn't follow procedures exactly, so be it. Our most important policy is "doing it right for the customer."
Third, we're creating a consistent process across our company- and in every one of our businesses- for elevating service quality to the same level of importance as sales. This includes having a common understanding across the company- and in every one of our businesses- of what we mean by outstanding customer service. We do this as advocates for our customres- external and internal- by putting them at the center of everything we do.
Empathizing - "I know this is upsetting."
Taking Charge- "I'll take care that for you."
Promising and Delivering - "I'll call you back in 10 minutes."
Fourth, our foal is to reduce- by at least half- the annual rate at which we're losing customers.
We lose one of every five consumers every year due primateily to failures in our processes or in our attitude. One of every five- gone! That may not be unusual for a financial services company but that doesn't make it acceptable. Cutting our annual customer loss by half, would, alone, increase our revenue ten percent.
One pages 9-19, you'll find 12 stories of outstanding customer service across our company. Each of these stories- selected from among hundreds that occur at Wells Fargo every day- has one thing in common. Each team member decided to take personal ownership of a customer's problem and wouldn't let it go until it was solved. No one told them to do it. They just did it. In many cases their advocacy for the customer convinced
the customer to give us even more of their financial services revenue. As we like to say, more sales do not always result in better service but better service almost alawys results in more sales. In every one of these stories, the customer's impression of our entire company was defined by the quality of service that one team member provided. As valuable and as powerful as our brand is, nothing defines it more in our customers' mind than the people behind it.
Growth Opportunities
In addition to improving service quality, here are the other major opportunities we're pursuing to help us to continue to deliver double digit revenue growth every year.
First, we no longer define market share simply by banking deposits. Deposits are a small pond and getting smaller. They're now only 25 percent of our customer's assets. Mutual dunds now exceed all bank deposits. Money market funds equal all funds in checking accounts. In many of our banking states, for example, we have about 25-30 percent sahre of banking deposits but only a three percent share of all our customer' financial revenue. We want to get at least ten percent.
Second, to grow evenue in double digits every year we must sell at least one more products to every customer every year. When Norwest and Wells Fargo merged in Novemeber 1998 our combined cross-sell was about 3.3 products per retail banking household. at year-end 2000, it was about 3.7. To get our gaol of eight we need to double that. We're headed in the right direction but not fast enough. If we sell one new product to every customer every year we can get to eight products per 
retail banking household. At year end 2000, it was about 3.7. To get our goal of eight we need to double that. We're headed in the right direction but not fast enough. If we sell one new product to every customer every year we can get to eight products in about five years/ We have a long way to go. Our customers buy three times more products from our competitors than from us. Our customers will reward us with more of their business when we give them better service.
Third, our business model- selling every financial services product to every customer through every channel- distinguishes us as an aggregator and distributor and as an integrator of all delivery channels. Now we must to a better job of measuring how effective we are at asking for new business from current customers, at all points of customer contact- stores, ATMs, phones, internet, and mail.
Fourth
We have to do a better job of selling to ur customers' multiple needs. They're willing to listen if we offer them compelling ways to save time and money. That was, after all, the logic behind the 1999 Financial Modernization law that broke down the Depression-era wall between commerical and investment banking. We must sell product packags like the Wells Fargo Portfolio Management Account (PMA) which includes combined statements. Our average PMA customer has nearly nine products and average account
balances of more than $170,000. We also have product packages for homeowners, renters, students, high net worth customres and small businesses. We need to sell a package of services to all of our commericla clients including all of our cash management products, our international and foeign exchange servies, 401(k) plans, direct deposits, real estate servies, and stock transfer.
Fifth, we must ensure that our businesses are partnering effectively to cross sell to each others' consumers. We're making good progress but we've only just begun. Here's how much of our business our 17 million banking customes may give our competitors:
Sixth, we must evolve wellsfargo.com- our fastest growing delivery channel- from a transaction center to a relationship center. Our goal is to "virtualize the bank" and offer via the Internet any product or service we offer in our other channels. We have integrated our Internet site with our businesses and with our customers' needs. Every channel- stores, Phone Bank centers, ATMs, Internet, and mail- must be a sales channel. Every point of customer contact is a sales opportunity. At year end 2000 we were selling an average of 46,000
products a month through wellsfargo.com. We should be selling ten times that.
To achieve this, we've invested millions of dollars the past two years so our customers can go beyond basic Internet banking to:
- See their latest balances from other financial institutions with one sign-on;
- Have wireless access to account information ,transfers, and free stock quotes;
- Invest in stocks, mutual funds and options, with access to real-time wuotes, alerts, news and research:
- Make regular investments in individual stocks in small batches automatically.
- Pay for items they buy on an Internet auction site (eBay, Inc.) with their credit cards or via Electronic Check Service (with Billpoint, Inc.);
- have wellsfargo.com personalized ti meet their distinct information needs;
- Help business customers start, manage, and grow their business online with credit servies, insurance, and marketing support.
Our new business portal allows our middle market and large corporate customers to save time and money by managing their finanical services from one place on the Web. Through a single sign-on, these customres can see balances, transfer funds between accounts, handle all their treasury management, view transaction history, fix loan rates. hedge foreign exchange risk and administer "purchase card" services.
We've also made it possible for our small business customers to build more online stores, sell online, accept online payments, process their payroll and manage their working capital.
We must sell effectively through the Internet with messages tailored for each customer. Our strategy is to test, learn, and make it our most effective sales channel. To serve our 2.5 million online customers we've opened another online customer service center employing several hundred team members in Salt Lake City.
Outstanding Momentum
Our commitment to outstanding service and earning all our customers' business gives us great momentum for 2001. Thanks to our diverse businesses and talented team members, Wells Fargo achieved record results in 2000:
These measures of financial performance, we believe are much more relevant on an adjusted cash basism which shows Wells Fargo's ability to support growth and pay dividends.
Credit Quality
We continue to emphasize a conservative financial position and a disciplined credit process, managing risk by industry, geography and customer. The last few years we've warned that, contrary to new age thinking, the economic cycle had not disappeared. We told you to expect loan losses to rise significantly for the banking industry as the economy slows. The economy has slowed. Sure enough, non-performing loans and losses are rising.
Wells Fargo has chosen to lose some stand-alone commercial lending because the loan terms did not make economic sense. We view credit as only one part of a mutually beneficial relationship with commerical customers that should include treasurey manangement, 401(k) plans, Wells Fargo Membership banking, trade services, foreign exchange, Internet services, insurance, to name just a few.
Our own non-performing loans, which have been low by historic standards, also will increase in 2001.
Stockholder Returns
The market has only begun to recognize our success and our earnings potential. On December 29, 2000 our stock reached a record high of $56.38, up 38 percent in 2000 compared to declines of sex, ten and 40 percent respectively for the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the S&P 500 and the NASDAQ. Despire our double-diget revenue and earnings growth, 35 percent return on equity (adjusted cash basis) and market share leadership in many fast growing states, we continue to sell at a 40 percent discount to the S&P 500.
People as a Competitive Advantage
We will not be known as one of America's great companies unless we are effective in attracting, retaining, and developing our people. Keeping team members is perhaps more important than keeping customers- because customers want to do business with people they know and trust. We want to measure our ability to keep team members just as we measure our ability to keep customers. This is especially important in an industry such as ours, which relies so heavily on special skills required for information technology.
We're particulary proud many of our team members whose positions were eliminated by the merger involving Norwest and Wells Fargo are still with our company in other jobs. Their loyalty to the company is a double benefit to you, our owners. THey're providing great service to our customers and it would have cost the company millions to reject them.
We also need to be a more diverse company. We want to build a climate of inclusiveness. For every posistion that opens at Well Fargo, we want our managers to consider diverse candidates. By becoming a more diverse company we can respond faster to the needs of our increasingly diverse customers and communities and earn more of their business.
Our commitment to outstanding service begins with our people. They're the vehicle to our vision and the core of our culture. Our formula for success starts with them. If I drew on it on a blackboard it would look like this:
PartnerShares
Our Team members continue to think and act like owners because they are. In 2000, the company awarded stock option grants of 100 to 400 shares to virtually all our team members to thank them for our merger integration success and encourage outstanding service so we gain 100 percent of our customers' business. These are the second company-wide stock option awards in the last two years for the new Wells Fargo and the fourth inthe last four years for eligible team members from the former Norwest.
Our Product is Service
Our company is nearing a milestone that very few American companies have reached. We're about to enter our 150th year of continuous service. Wells Fargo was founded as a stagecoach express and banking company on more than just its ability to reduce time and distance relative to money. It was founded on a commitment to outstanding service. The "Next Stage" for Wells Fargo is to connect back to that founding principle. 
"We are fully prepared." sad a Wells Fargo ad in the 1850s, "to do promptly and faithfully any business committed to our care." It's the same today. Our product is and always has been service. We want to be advocates for our customers. We want to put them at the center of everything that we do.
If we do that, I have no doubt we will acheive our vision of satisfying all of our customers' financial needs, help them succeed financially, and be known as one of America's great companies.
As always, we thank you, our owners, for your support. We especially thank our great team of talented people for being the very best at what they do. They have connected with each other, with their customers, with their communities and with stockholders. They've brought us the "Next Stage" for Wells Fargo. It promises to be the most successful ride our company has ever had.
