For the past three decades, technology has caused profound changes in the way our customesr shop for financial services and how you, our owners, view your investment in Wells Fargo. Technology has blurred discinctions among banking investment and insurance products. It has brought the "bank" into the home. It's alsp created a virual bank.
Customesr can use our bank anywhere on the globe - when, where, and home they want to. It's helped create an entirely new industry: financial services. This new industry is huge. It has about $2 trillion in revenue. That's more than four times larger than banking. It's growing very rapidly. Banking, meanwhile, has disappeared as a stand-alone industry.
It's become just a segment of financial services, with slow if not stagnent grwoth. The market share for banking is less than 25 percent of Americans' financial assets/ Because it's so highly fragemented, the financial services industry is ripe for consolidation. The largest provider of financial services has a national market share of only about three percent.
Congress recognized this new reality last year. It repealed a Depression-era law that had built a wall between commerical banking and investment banking. Congress enacted a new law that allows banking, insurance and investment firms to enter fully into each others' businesses. This law also gives customers more opportunities than ever for better prices, conveience and value.
The evolution of this industry has coincided with another phenonomenon: the explosive growth of the internet. The result is an unprecedented number of new players in this huge, intensely competitive and vey fast growing industry. There are fewer banks in the United States but there also are more and more companies offering financial services - from retailesr to manufacturers to Internet portals.
More Choice Than Ever
As a result, Americans today have more financial choices may be overwhelming. It seems everyone these days wants to be in the money business. Never before have so many companies competed through so many different channels to lend money, accept deposits, sell insurance, mortgages, and stocks, process payments, finance equipment or invest in businesses. Brokerage companies want to be your bank. Banks wantto be your broker. Banks want 
to sell you insurance. Insurance companies want to be your bank and broker and real estate developer. Department stores always wanted your credit card businesses. Now some want to be your bank. Software markers and Internet portals want to present and pay ypur bills electronically. Internet discount brokers want to give financial advice and be your bank. "Dots.com" want to lend you money without ever serving you in person. Some web-sites try to make
a profit simply by letting you choose from a list of advertised mortgage rates from other providers. 
The basic financial needs of our customers, however, do not change that much. They want to borrow, invest, transact and be insured. They want convenience, security, trust and dependability. They want the best return on their investment.
They want sound financial advice. They want to dothese things when, where, and how it's most convenient for them. They want access to many channels including tradtional banking stores, ATMs, the Internet, the telephone, mail, supermarkets, business offices and "bank at work" centers.
If the value they're offered is clear and compelling, if the service and advice they recieve is outstanding, they will give the best providers more of their business
The Next Stage
At Wells Fargo, we've been preparing for this next stage for a long time. We've built one of America's most diversified financial services companies. We have market leadership in major categories including community banking, mortgage lending, Internet banking, commercial real estate, education finance, small business lending, commerical banking for middle market and larger corporations, agricultural lending, and supermarket banking.
Our vision is not the vision of just a bank, a brokerage firm, a mortgage company or an insurance agency - our vision is to bring all these products to our customers through all our channels, satisfy our customers' financial needs, offer sound financial advice and help them financially.
Great People = Revenue Growth
We believe there's only one sustainable competitive advantage for a company that wants to be a consistent winner-  the best- in financial services industry. It is not physical stores, ATMs, Phone Bank centers, or even the Internet. Our competitors have those channels. Nor is it products or technology. Both are commodities, easily imitated. Nor is it cost cutting. Every company must become more efficient but a financial services company cannot cost cut its way to consistent,
long term growth in profitability. We beleive the battle for profit, market share and stock apperciation will be won on the field of revenue growth. Revenue growth is simply another term for sales and services. Products, technology and effiency are all important but in the end, grat sales and service are provided by people.
We beleive the winners in any industry- or in any delivery channel- will be those who have the best and more diversse people - people in their stores, people building their technology, people operating their computers, people staffing their phone banks and people creating their websites. This allows customers to do routine transactions electronically but gives them the choice to access people when they need professional advice. We know we're doing a good job when customers give us more of their business.
We Connect!
Wells Fargo was founded on the American Frontier 148 years ago to satisfy a fundamental human need - to connect one person to another and one market to another by transporting goods, services and funds fast and securely across great distances. We're still doing it today. Our vision - satisfying all our customer's financial needs - is built on that same process- the process of connecting. That's the creating a spirit of teamwork and cross-selling across all our businesses and geographies. Sharing best practices. Partnering to satifsy
all our customer's financial needs. Celebrating each other's successes.
We're connecting with our customers. Showing we care. Asking the right questions. Listening and responding in our stores, on the phone or via the Web, with the right products, advice and servies to meet their needs.
We're connecting our computer systems - we're combining the best from the former Norwest and the former Wells Fargo - to enable us to provide outstanding sales and service 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year.
We're connecting delivery channels. We aggregate. We integrate. We want customers to buy our products and services through any channel or combination of channels they choose - when, where, and how they choose. Stores, ATMs, Phone Bank centers, the Internet and direct mail.
We're connecting with our stockholders. Our team members act like owners, because they are. Almost all our 104,000 team memebers own a piece of the Company through PartnerShares stock price options and their 401(k) accounts.
We're connecting with our communities. We're contributing, financial capital. Equally important, we're providing human capital - team memeber volunteers, creative thinking, and ingenuity, and community leaders who can connect local resources and talent.
Merger Integreation - Off to a great start
We're now into the second full year of combining the systems of the former Northwest and the former Wells Fargo. Because we're combining the best of both, we beleive it's the most complex integration in bamking history. This takes time- but it's time well spent. We start every decision with the customer. Our goal is to preserve outstanding customer service every step of the way. Our customers deserve nothing less. We're off to a great start:
We successfully combined our systems in New Mexico and Nevada late last year for our 450,000 banking households in those states;
We merged our Stagecoach Funds and Norwest Advantage Funds into the new $57 billion Wells Fargo Funds, giving our customers more investment choices than ever.
We combined our card services units, serving more than 11 million cardholders;
In 1999, we agreed to acquire companies with more than $9.3 billion in assets in states including California, Minnesota, Texas, and our two newest banking states: Michigan and Alaska: and 
We agreed to acquire Ragen MacKenzie Group, the pacific Northwest's largest independent full service brokerage form, and Eastdil Realty, the nation's preeminent full service, real estate investment banking company.
STILL A LONG WAY TO GO
We have 48 systems conversions schedule for 2000, including 19 banking states, acquisitions and new products. Later in 2000, both Norwest Mortgage and Norwest Financial (consumer finance) will adopt the Wells Fargo name so they can take full advantage of 
cross-sell opportunities with our banking business. We approach these conversions with great confidence because of our talenet people.
MEASURING OUR PROGRESS
We'll know we're achieving our vision when three things happen. First, our revenue increase by 10 percent or more each year. Second, we sell at least one more product to every customer every year. Third, we increase market share in each of our geographies and businesses.
When it comes to measuring market share, we no longer use deposits as our only yardstick. They're only $1 of every $4 in an average household's assets. Our deposit market share moght be 20 or 30 percent in a given market, but our share of total financial assets probably is only around three percent. There's lots of room for growth!
We also measure our progress 10 strategic initiatives. By succeeding in these initiatives, we will acheive double-digit earnings growth and be one of America's great companies. Here's an update on how we're doing:
1. INVESTMENTS, BROKERAGE AND INSURANCE
About 11 percent of our earnings come from investment brokerage and insurance. That's about double where we were five years ago. We must however, increase that to at least 25 percent/ Less than five percent of our nine million banking households have relationsips with our brokerage business. Less than two percent buy insurance through us. In 1999, we attracted $433 million in new assets through the WellsSelect program
enabling clients to access outside money managers
2. GOING FOR GR-EIGHT PRODUCT PACKAGES
Our average banking household has 3.4 products with us. We want to get to eight. To do that, we must offer customers a package of products all at once, not one at a time. In Lewiston Montana, our first test site, our bankers sold an average of 2.39 products to new customers last year, up 62% from a year earlier.
3.  MORE VALUE FOR BUSINESS CUSTOMERS
We need to take advantage of cross[sell opportunities with our business customers and increase the number of products they have with us. We measure the total value of our commercial relationships. We want customers to have a complete relationship with us, not only credit and treasury management but investments, payroll, credit and debit card processing, asset-based lending, equipment finance, and personal banking.
We don't want to give customers any reason to go to our competitors for a product or service they could get from us. We're making progress/ Only one other bank in the country has more commerical customers who consider it their primary financial services provider.
4. BANKING WITH A MORTGAGE AND HOME EQUITY LOAN
We want all our mortgage customers in our banking markets to bank with us. We also want all our banking customres - who need a mortgage or a home equity loan- to come to us with to meet those needs. Today, 21 percent of our mortgage customers also use our banking services. Only 14 percent of our banking customers who have a mortgage, have it with us. We've provivded home equity loans to only seven percent of our customers who own a home.
The number of new mortgage customers who bought our banking products in 1999 rose 50 percent from the previous year. In California, the nation's largest housing market, our home equity loans rose almost 50 percent in 1999.
5. WELLS FARGO CARDS IN EVERY WELLS FARGO WALLET.
Every one of our creditworthy customers should have a Wells Fargo credit card and debit card. Right now, only one in five of our banking customres have a Wells Fargo credit card. Two f three have a Wells Fargo debit card, almost double 1998. Many of our banks offer real time, pre-qualified credit card approvals.
6. WHEN, WHERE, AND HOW
We want to integreate all our channels- stores, ATMs, Phone Bank centers, Internet and direct mail- so we can offer all our products and services through all of them - anytime, anywhere our customers want to be served. For example. we re-opened six traditional banking stores in Oregon that were closed after the acquisition of First Interstate. We've also poisitioned 32 more small business bankers in communities throughout Oregon to provide more local service. In Washington, we've hired more relationship managers to partner with commerical lending officers and our banking stores in key markets to build
and deepen customer relationships.
7. INFORMATION BASED MARKETING
We must take advantage of what we know about our customer's needs- and respect their privacy- so we can offer them the chouce, convenience and price benefits of giving us all their business. Last yaer, for example, we sold 100,000 more products as a direct result of 2.6 million messages to our customres through our ATMs and Phone Bank Centers.
8. BE OUR CUSTOMERS' PAYMENT PROCESSOR.
We need to make sure Wells Fargo adds real value so we can continue to be the trusted intermediary- electronic or paper- whenever and whereever our customers buy services. For example, we're part of a new joing venture with two of our peer companies. Using Sun Microsystems technology, this service enables customres to read their bills online with one clock and pay with another clock.
We're now testing this new system with our mortgage customres. It will save us and our customres big money. One paper bill sent through the mail costs between $1.50 and $2.70 to process, print and mail. An electronic bill costs 30 to 50 cents.
9. OUTSTANDING AND EXCELLENT CUSTOMERS
We must attract more- and keep all current- outstanding and excellent banking households and earn more business from households that can become outstanding customers. We increased our outstanding and excellent customres by 16 percent in 1999 over 1998.
10. PEOPLE AS A COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
Most importantly, we must do even better in training, rewarding and recognizing all our team members. They are the reason customers will give us more of their business which, in turn, will increase our stock price. We also must become an ever more diverse organization reflectign the diversity of our markets.
WELLSFARGO.COM
Our Internet site continues to be recognized as the industry leader for growth and innovation. Since year-end 1998, our Internet banking customres doubled to almost 1.5 million.ALmost one of every five of our checking account households now use wellsfargo.com. That's the largest percentage we know of in the banking segment of fiancial services industry.
The number of Norwest banking customres who bank with us online rose 570 percent- from 34,000 at year-end 1998 to 228,000 at year-end 1999. Gomez Advisors, the highly-regarded Internet market research firm, rated Wells Fargo one of the top five internet banks, the only one of those five with both "bricks" (phusical stores) and "clicks".
We've invested $40 million in strategic partnerships with several Internet comapnies. We formed the Wells Fargo Internet Services Group to coordinate all our online and INternet activities. We origniated more than $74 million in home equity loans online since the nationwide launch of the product via the internet in September 1999. We offer a new service that stores customers' billing address, shipping information and credit card number in one secure location so they can access it at the "check out" section of an online store.
We want to be the nation's #1 trusted gateway and Internet financial portal of chouce for all our customers' financial services with more customesr and more services than any competitior. We will put more transactions online so our customres can do all their financial business through wellsfargo.com. That's good for our customers and good for our bottom line. Compared to our other customers, Internet customers bring us more revenue, higher balances, and have more products and services with us. When they pay their bills online, they stay customers of Wells Fargo even longer.
2000 MOMENTUM
We have great momentum for 2000! Thanks to our diverse businesses and talented teak members, Wells Fargo achieved record results in 1999. We now are generating after-tax profit of almost $1 billion a quarter.  Earnings for 1999 were 3.75 billion, 0r 2,23 per share. That compares with $2.91 billion or $1.75 per share in 1998 (excluding merger-related and other charges)
Here's hour your company performed in 1999:
These measures of financial performance , we beleive are much more relevant on a cash basis, which measures Wells Fargo ability to support growth and pay dividends:
We continue to emphasize a conservative financial position and a disciplined credit process that managesr risk exposure to industry, geography, and customer. Nonperforming loans were a very low .6 percent of loans and leases, one of the best among our peers.
OUR MOST IMPORTANT COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
We've begun the second full year of intergrating the former Norwest and former Wells Fargo. Several things have become clear. First, we're delivering on our promise that this would be a true merger of equals. We're one team. Second, while we still have a long road ahead of us this year, the merger integration to date hsa bee remarkably smooth. We've gained new customers and grown revenue. Revenue was up 16 percent in the fourth quarter compared to the asme period last year, and ip nine percent year to year. We're propagating systems and procesures across all our banking states to track our bankers' daily sales and profits.
We continue to focus on service quality. More sales do not always lead to more sales. Third, we met our ambititious financial and profitability goals. We delivered on waht we said we would do. We don't know of a company that hsa increased profit over 25 percent "apples to apples" in the first year of its merger. In fact, we've had impressive growth over the past five years, with total compound annaul growth in revenue to 15 percent, net income 18 percent and dividends 15 percent. Fourth, the competitive advantages that made our merger of equals so compelling will become even more powerful as we distinguish ourselves from our competitors:
geography, products, and businesses, ditribution, sales and service culture, effciency, our powerful brand and, most important, our talented team of people. 
We are at heart a service company. Financial ratios are important but they do not capture the most critical part of a great service company: the heart and caring of its people. At Wells Fargo, our customers are important- but our most important constituency is our team members. They're the single most important influence on our customres. Even in this age of the INternet, most people still do not want t odeal with a "bank".
They "bank" with people. They go where they get the best service and best advice. If we continue to provide great sales, service, and advice, we will achieve our vision: satisfy all our customers financial needs, help them successed financially and be known as one of America's great companies.
We thank you, our owners. for your support. We especially thank our great team of talented people for being the very best at what they do. We're connectiing!