Throughout 1997, as I traveled Wells Fargo territory, I witnessed time and time again the remarkable franchise we have.
We are operating in nine of the 10 fastest growing states in the country, which attract individuals and businesses alike
Each of these markets has different characteristics and strengths and presents us with varied opportunities for growth in our diverse businesses
Within these markets, we offer innovative financial services through a convenient network that encompasses retail and small business brances,
commerical and real estate lending offices, supermarket locations, ATMs, telephone banking and online access.
During the year, our employees demonstrated remarkable focus, discipline, and dedication in returning our company to the historical service standards
for which we are known. By the fourth quarter, that hard work began to yield tangible results. Our loan volumes continued the upward trend that had 
begun in the third quarter, our deposits were up and we saw modest revenue growth
Even in our physical distribution group, which has undergone so much change, surveys throughout our
10 states showed that 96% of our branch customres are satisfied with the service they recieved and most would recommend
Wells Fargo to a friend. This was a good reflection of our return to operating standards we enjoyed prior to the First Interstate Merger in 1996
but we are not complacent. Every business throughout our company is focused first and foremost on ensuring
we deliver services to our customers we respect their time. Nothing is more important to us. Based on the foundation we began laying in 1997,
we beleive we are well-positioned to deliver on the expectations of our customers in the coming years and to see continued growth in our many markets
and business lines as a result
Financial Summary
Earnings for 1997 were $1.2 billion or $12.77 per share vs $1.1 billion or $12.21 per share for 1996. Cash earnings for tye year were $17.96
vs $16.74 in 1996. Return on average assets (ROA) was 1.16% and return on average common equity (ROE) was 8.79% for the full year 1997
vs. 1.15$% and 8.83%, respectively, for 1996. Cash ROA for 1997 was 1.77% and cash ROE was 34.39% vs. 1.66% and 28.46%, respectively, in 1996. Cash
earnings are the most relevant measure of financial performace for shareholders because they measure Wells Fargo's
ability to support growth, pay dividends and repurchase stock. At year end, we had reduced the combined expense base of the new company in $700 million.
However, this did not meet our pre-merger expense target of reducing combined expenses by $800 million. We did not acheive the expense cuts we had originally projected
because we were not able to turn our attention to streamlining our pricesses until late in the year. Those efforts are now underway and they will expand in 1998.
In the foruth quarter of 1997, amid the Asian financial turmoil, we were able to report that Wells Fargo had little direct exposure to the most troubled markets. We typically use 
large American or European banks as counterparties for asset/liability and foreign currency management. Additionally although we acquired some modest
loan exposure to South Korea as part of the first interstate merger in 1998, we had eliminated it from our books by mid-1997 . At this point in time, it is hard to project
what indirect impact the Asian financial situation will have on the U.S economy and by, extension on our business customers
Focusing Our Business
Wells Fargo is engaged in a broad mix of businesses, but our "face" to our customers and the community at large is our extensive physical distribution system - the 1,935
offices we operate in traditional and in-store locations.
Physcuak Distribution Group
During 1997, we continued our branch redesign strategy. We strengthened our network by opening more in-store locations in key markets
, we developed new formats to bettter serve our customers and we closed redundant or low-performing brances. We also sold branches in rural areas to community
banks that specialize in providing financial services in those markets. By year- end, we had expanded our retail presence in serveral markets, and our in-st0re
locations accounted for approximately half of our total distribution network.
In California, our largest and most established networkm we continued our in-store expansion, opening 70 new locations.
The value that customers place on our 1,071 California location was reflected in account and balance growth. Additionally, customers in two markets
voted Wells Fargo the number on bank for service in reader polls. In August, readers of The San Diego Union Tribune voted Wells Fargo as the leading local bank, and in October, Oakland Tribune
readers selected similarly.
We made fast progress expanding our retail network in Arizoma and Nevada during the year, as we opened in-store sites in Phoenix, Tuscan, Las Vegas, and Reno. Our
efforts in these high-density cities epitomize how we can best employ our "hub-and-spoke" strategy  in opening supermarket offices that surround a larger
traditional branch. By the end of 1997, we had 322 fully staffed branches operating in Arizona and Nevada. a 38% increase from the 234 in place in April 1996,
when we aquired First Interstate.
The convenience that our network offers meet the needs of many groups. For instance, branch employees in Tuscon "set up shop" at the Social Security Administraton's
local office to eduate senior citizens on the benefits of direct deposit. In just one day, they opened up dozens of new accounts because seniors were attracted to the ease, access
and security of our multiple banking channels.
Texas was another market where we added to our existing tradtional netowrk, opening 33 new store sites. We ended the year with a total of 181 retail locations, ip to 10% from the 165 in place
when we acquired First Interstate. Our Texas, in-store locations are popular with businesses as well as consumers: They open more small business checking accounts per location than any other state.
In Oregan and Washington, we opened 54 in-store branches as we began the initial phase of our network redesign. Of the new locations, a large percentage is in the Portland metroplitan market. In Washington, we expanded
our network to new markets such as Bellingham and Aberdeen. An encouraging trend noted with our new in-store location is that many of them exceeded their business goals and were among the highest
scoring branches in ongoing customer satisfaction/service surveys.
Throughout 1997, we focused on providing high-caliber service to retail customers. By mod-year the consistency and quality we delivered were such that we launched a public campaign in our 10 states, promoting a service guarantee. Five-Minute
Max pledges that our customers will get through our teller lines in five minutes or less, or we will credit their account $5.
Five-Minute Max was instantly popular with customers, employees, and the news media. Cusstomers knew what to expect when they stepped into a teller line, employees
felt pride in delivering our historic level of service and the news media red it as one signal that our conversion challanges were behind us.
Results to date have been better than expected. At year-end, net customer attrition had stopped and we were paying $5 to fewer than one out of 1,000 customers. Five Minute Max is now an 
"instutution" throghout our territory. 
A new direction we announced in 1997 was our partnership with Starbucks Coffee Company. We've joined forces in planning seven retail centers that offer a mix of services under one roof.
There are two format designs, one for consumers and one for businesses. Both formats will feature Wells Fargo and Starbucks, plus a variety of retail businesses such as postal and copying services, sandwich cafes and dry cleaning outlets.
These retail centers will begin to open early in 1998.
Alternative Ways to Bank
In-store and traditional branches are only part of the network we've established to deliver timesaving services to our customers. Our fastest-growing service is online banking, offered through out website
(www.wellsfargo.com).
During 1997, out online customer base grew 420,000, up 40% from 300,000 at the end of 1996. Customers signed
on to pay bills,invest and trade, transfer money and balance their accounts. - in sthort, to bank in the comfort of their homes or offices.
Since we introduced internet banking in 1995, we've seen the tremendous growth potential that online banking promises. As the number of devices that connect customers to the internet continues to grow, so will the popularity of online banking.
WebTV, for instance, is a cost effective way to bring the internet into consumers' living room, while INternet cellular ohones will make it easy to access the world wide web from anywhere.
Pioneering further online innocation, we announced plans for an eletronic bill presentment pilot, paving the way for customers to receive and pay their bills electronically. We beleive electronic bill
presetment and payment will offer a higher level of convenience to customers and a compelling reason to become a Wells Fargo Customer.
Two hallmsarks of our appriach to allow customers to bank when their time permits are our 24-hour telephone banking centers and our 10-state network of 4,400 express ATMs
Our telephone bamking service is tailored to specific customer groups- retail, online, small business and commerical customers. Customers can talk with agents trained in those specifc businesses or bank through
our automated touch-tone service
Express ATM services attract customers who not only choose basic deposits, withdrawals and transfers, but also use the machines to pay bills, obtain mini-account statements and buy stamps. Houston customers, for instance
, now lead all markets in using our popular ATM mini-statement feature, and Phoenix customers are now buying more stamps per branch ATM than any other market. An encouraging trend in our Northwest region during the year
was the growing use of Express ATMs by our customers and the accompanying reduction in the radio of teller transactions to total transactions/ We beleive this reflects
the increasing awareness of the convenience and speed our ATM network offers.
In Norther California, we introduced Snow Sport Express, a service at 550 Express ATMs that allows consumers to buy discounted ski lift tickets and lesson packages. The respnse has exceeded our expectations.
Strongest ticket sales have been among young adults and on college campuses, and 40% of ticket sales are to non-Wells Fargo customers. Wells Fargo is the only bank in the country to offer this kind of ATM ticket service.
Consumer Lending
Several Divisions in our Consumer Lending Group and encouraging grwoth during the year. The Group Provides customers with credit and debit cards, home equity lines and loans, vehicle financing, lines of credit and installment loans.
During the year, our card payment divisons grew its debit card base 52% ending the year with 3.4 million cards issued and marking Wells Fargo as the second largest debit card issuer in the nation. Our debit card issuer is called
the Express ATM and Check Card and it gives customers a fast and easy way to pay for goods without writing a check or carrying excess cash. Texas customers are most avid users of debit cards, and usage is high in Oregon
, Washington, and Arizona.
In Texas, voters approved legislation in November that allows banks and other financial service companies to make home equity loans in the state. We began advertising and marketing efforts prior to the election to establish Well's Fargo
brand and expertise in home equity lending. Consumer response to our campaign was strong, meeting our aggressive goals. When the legislation became effective in Janurary 1998, we began processing thousands of applications. It is our belief
that Wells Fargo will become a significant force for home equity lending in this market
Our auto lease financing business continued its upward climb throughout the year: Annual auto leasing orginations increased 47% in 1997 over 1996, due to marketing efforts in California and our expanding national territories. We offer auto lease
financing exclusively through dealerships in 24 states. The Auto Leasing Division's focus on outstanding service results in its being ranked number two nationally by automotive dealers for value among bank lessors.
Business Banking Group 
Growth continued in our Business Banking Group, which provides credit and related financial services to small business in the United States through a combined sales strategy of direct mail solicitation and 140 commerical loan officers in our 10 western states
. Total loan outstandings grew 20% during the year, from 4.9 billion in 1996 to $6.0 billion in 1997, and we have more than 300,000 borrowers.
Business Gateway, our "point-and-click" online service was rolled out in nine states during the year after its successful introduction in California in 1996. California remains the most popular state for selling this Windows-based software product with Arizona and Texas ranking second
and third, respectively.
In the third and fourth quarters, we opened 25 Business Centers in California, Arizona, Nevada, adding to the initial two we opened in 1996. These specialized features offices, which provide tailored services to small businesses, have quickly become an important part of our evolving network.
Our Merchant Card Services Division, which processes credit and debit card transactions for small and mid-sized businesses, increased its annual credit card processing sales volue by 57% to $16 billion for the year. Portfolio acquisitions, new merchant customers and new INternet volumes drove much of
the growth. The Merchant Card Services Divisions has 150 sales representatives in 10 western states.
Investment Group
We continued to strengthen Wells Fargo's solid base of trust, investment management and private banking businesses during the year. We established an investment subsidiary grew mutual fund assets by 21%, opened new regional offices and recruited talented managers from the investment world to staff
some of our key regional offices.
Wells Capital Management (WCM), a wholly owned subsidiary of Wells Fargo Bank, was established in the first quarter as an active manager of equity and fixed-income investments for instututional accounts, and mutual and collective investment funds. WCM's management has been continuously in place since 1987 and has an established
track record in active asset management. Institutional assets under management gerew 11% in 1997.
We doubled the number of mutual funds available through broker-dealers during the year and created a single, strong brand image of our family and mutual funds by merging the Overland Express Funds into the Stagecoach Family of Funds. The broader distribution and the stronger brand image contributed significantly to our healthy sales.
Added to that initiative was our launch of a new mutual fund, our International Equity Fund, whose initial asset grwoth exceeded our projections. We gathered $36 million of customer assets into the Fund during its 19-day initial offering period and customers invested an additional $15 million in the next three months.
Despite the turmoil in the Asian Financial markets, the Fund has outperformed the Lipper Index for its category.
Our Private Client Services (PCS) Division expanded its offices in 10 markets throuhgout California, adding the capability to offer full-service brokerage. We did the same in other markets, among them Denver, Salt Lake City, and Scottsdale, and plan to continue these efforts inot early 1998. Accompanying the physical expansion was a recruitment effort to help us better leverage our trust
and investment strengths. We bought abroad seasoned Wall Street investment and sales professionals to head many of our regionla offices and join our roster of financial consultants and private client managers. WIth this specailized division, Wells Fargo now offers a full line of investment management, private banking, trust, and brokerage services under one roof. Through the Bank's subsidiary, Wells Fargo Securities, clients can trade using either full-service, discount,
or online-discount brokerage. During the year, we established new partnerships with companies that brought state-of-the-art technology and products to our discount and full-service brokerage units, as well as improving client service and reporting in our trust and investment management businesses.
Wholesale banking
Resurgent regional economies, improved operating performance and new products spurred growth in the fourth quarter for our Commerical Bnaking Group, as its relationship managers seuzed market opportunities. Serveral encouraging developments characterized the year.
Our commerical finance division, WellsCredit, restructed and expanded its business, primarily due to growth opportunities in our 10 western states. New business commitments grew by $375 million, a 125% increase over 1996. The division lends to middle market companies whose credit needs cannot be met by traditional loans and lines.
Wells Fargo's Business Express Deposit Card, introduced during the year, met with widespread acceptance and popularity among mid-to large- sized customes. The card allows our business and commerical customers to conveniently make desposits at our 10-state network of Express ATMs, with the security, confidentiality, and
detalied reporting they expect from us. Financial services companies, manufacturers, wholesalers, agri-business, and specialty retailers are among the types of businesses that have embraced this new way to deposit because of its flexibility and same-day deposit credit across our 10 states.
We are especially encouraged by the solid growth in card usuage we have seen among customesr in our Northwest and Southwest regions.
WellsOne, first introduced in late 1996, had strong sales during 1997 and ended the year with a roster of nearly 2,000 clients. WellsOrg is our cash management
product that allows businesses with multi-staet operations to maintain a single bank account, rather than multiple banking relationships or seperate accounts in each state. Because WellsOne runs on a single operating platform
across the 10-state territory, customers recieve consistent reporting, improved contril, faster reconciliation and the benefit of reduced training time for their locations.
With the introduction of WellsNet Information Express, we have brought the power of the Internet to our commerical banking customers. Now many company treasurers, chief financial officers and controllers can use the Internet whenever they want to access
detailed information about their accounts and transactions, even while traveling or working at home.
Use of our check fraud prevention service, Positive Pay, also grew by over 75% in 1997. More and more companies found this service - used in conjunction with our imaging and controlled disbursement technology - an
effective solution to combating coroporate check fraud.
During 1997, mitigating risk played a central part in the success of our International Group and The Trade Bank, which is jointly owned by Wells Fargo and the HSBC Group, one of the world's largest international banking and financial services organizations.
A number of services set us apart in helping exporters and importers manage their risk. These include our ability to purchase short- or medium-term recieveables from foreign buyers, or proven foriegn exchange advisory services and our in-house access to export credit insurance.
These services, combined with HSBC's global network of more than 5,500 banking offices in 79 countries, enabled The Trade Bank to add 200 new customers and grow loan volumes by 26%. Since its founding in October 1995 with
$100 in assets, The Trade Bank has grown to $524 million.
We originated more than $7 billion in new commercial real estate loans during 1997. While many of our competitors chose to exit the commerical real estate market in the early 1990s, we continued to treat this as a core business. Our continuous presence in this market
for over 25 years is serving us well as regional economies continue to improve. One of the fastest-growing opportunities in our commerical real estate business is our ability to provide permanent loans to our customres.
These loans, to owners of retail, multi-family and industrial properties, are orignated through our Real Estate Group as well as through 17 Commerical Mortgage Origination (CMO) offices established throughout the United States to specifically market this product.
Loans originated by CMO are eventually pooled, securitized and sold in the commerical mortgage backed securities market.Looking forward, we beleive we will continue to maintain our position as a leading provider of commerical real estate financing because of our long history of service commitment and the leading-edge financial tools we offer.
Year 2000
As we approach the 21st century, Wells Fargo faces the challenge that confronts businesses around the world. We must ensure that our computer systems are able to recognize the dates of a new century, beginning in the year 2000. We are well underway with our preparations. Our bankwide porject team is throughly assessing our existing computer
software operating system and apllications, and where neccessary, upgrading and replacing them. Each system will be tested to ensure that it is Year 2000-ready. Additionally, we have established a certification process that enables each business unit to conform the compliance of cirtical suppliers, business partners, and external facilities and equipment.
Conclusion
The pages of Wells Fargo's histroy are filled with chapters chronicling more than 500 mergers that have formed our company over the last 145 years. As we look back, one common element in every one of these mergers is evident: the enduring commitment of our employees to our customers and to our company.
Doing what is right for our customres - resepecting the value of their time by delivering services fast and accurately, has been a hallmark of every Wells Fargo generation. Our employees know, as they have always known, that everything they do each day, no matter how big or small, contributes to the success of our customers and, ultimately, to our company.
In 1997, they continued this fine heritage. For that, I want to thank them.
We are living in competitive times, and companies that succeed in the financial services industry will be those that can execute well, day in and day out. We are fortunate to have this stregnth as our histroy. We are determined to make it our future
Paul Hazen
Chairman