To our owners, Our more than 270,000 talented team members -- whom we believe to be the best team in the business -- pulled together for our customers as never before in 2011. They were guided, as always, by our unchanging vision: to satisfy all our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. They were guided by our values, and what we stand for: honoring and supporting our people, striving for the highest ethical standards, doing what's right for our customers, learning from diversity, and calling on everyone to be leaders.
John G. Stumpf Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Wells Fargo & Company

Outstanding results The results were outstanding. Wells Fargo achieved record net income for the third consecutive year, up 28 percent to $15.9 billion. Diluted earnings per common share rose 28 percent to $2.82. Our customers entrusted us with even more of their business. Total deposits grew 9 percent to $920.1 billion. Total loans grew 2 percent to $769.6 billion. Many of our businesses had double-digit revenue growth. As a result of our performance, we were rewarded with a higher value in the market. We were ranked No. 1 in the U.S. banking industry in total market value of our company, even though we're the fourth largest by assets. Our team achieved all this while successfully executing the largest, most complex bank merger in our nation's history. We began our integration with Wachovia at the beginning of 2009. We completed it on schedule and under budget early in the first quarter of 2012.

All of our more than 6,200 retail banking stores are now on one system so our customers can do their banking business when, where, and how they want to do it, coast to coast. Your hometown Wells Fargo bank is wherever you happen to be. Guided by our time-tested Vision & Values, we also have more opportunities than ever before to serve our customers and communities, and help our country grow. We're fortunate to have the most extensive U.S. financial services store network. We're in more communities and closer to more customers than anyone else. We serve one of every three U.S. households. We originate one of every four home mortgages. We service more home loans than anyone else. We're the nation's No. 1 small business lender in dollars and the No. 1 middle-market commercial lender. We're first or second in home loans, car loans, student loans, and business loans.

2

Betting on America Wells Fargo employs one of every 500 working adults in America, making us the nation's 12th largest private employer. Chances are you know someone who works for Wells Fargo, or someone who knows someone who does. Thirty-seven percent of our team is racially and ethnically diverse. This is slightly more than the U.S. population, which is 36 percent diverse. This diversity should enable us to better understand and respond to the financial needs of our customers and communities. Our reach is global, but at our heart we're a hometown American company. Ninetyseven percent of our assets and 98 percent of our team members are based in the U.S. This makes us different from our large peers. Our roots are American roots, and we've grown as they've spread wide and deep in American soil. Since 1852, we've been betting on America. We liked our bet then, and we like it even more now. We're confident in the ingenuity, resourcefulness, work ethic, and can-do attitude of Americans and our Wells Fargo team. Together, we're focused on the tremendous opportunities we now have ahead of us and on the responsibilities we have to help our customers, communities, and country succeed. We're focused on providing you, our shareholders, with sustainable, long-term success. We returned more capital to shareholders in 2011 by increasing our quarterly common stock dividend by 140 percent, to 48 cents for the year. We also resumed the repurchase of our common stock. Earning trust The U.S. economy's recovery remained sluggish and continued to deliver disappointing results. Millions of Americans struggled with unemployment and underemployment despite slight improvements in the job market. The lack of jobs led to a decline in first-time home sales, even with historic low interest rates and bargain-basement prices. A stagnant housing market placed a drag on the economy. Consumers spent less and paid down their debt, including mortgages, credit cards, and auto loans. This made sense for consumers who wanted to regain control of their financial situation, but less spending didn't help the recovery. By year's end, credit balances and

spending began trending upward again, but balances were often paid in full each month. Consumers were not alone. Businesses also faced significant obstacles. Our quarterly surveys of small business owners showed their deep concerns about economic and credit market outlooks, along with pending regulatory reforms, and their potential effect on sales and operating costs. Many Americans remained frustrated with the slow, uneven economic recovery and the lack of job opportunities. As a result, they have lost faith in many large companies and institutions. We understand their concerns. We're listening to our customers every day and helping them address their financial needs in any way we can. We're contributing to communities across the country, helping them find local solutions for local problems. We're also at the table in Washington, D.C., discussing the merits of proposed reforms for the financial services industry. We want to be a partner for thoughtful change, and we share our government's desire to do what's right for consumers and businesses. We don't take trust for granted. We know we have to earn it every day in our conversations and actions with our customers. Here's how we try to do that. Helping our mortgage customers First, no financial product is more important to Americans, more interwoven with their financial security, than their home mortgage. Other financial services companies are backing away from this business because of what they perceive to be its high costs and its risks. Not Wells Fargo. Here's why: Two-thirds of all Americans are in the mortgage business. They have mortgages on their homes. We want to be there to satisfy not just their mortgage needs, but all their other financial needs that connect to their mortgage. We believe we have the right products to offer mortgage customers and the right underwriting principles to make sure their loans are good loans. As a result, more than 92 percent of our mortgage customers were current on their payments and fewer than 2 percent of our owner-occupied home mortgages proceeded to a foreclosure sale.

1in3
Wells Fargo serves one in three households in the U.S.

No.1
Our company had the highest market capitalization in the U.S. banking industry.

1in500
Wells Fargo employs more than 270,000 team members. That's 1 in 500 working adults -- making us the 12th largest private employer in the U.S.

3

Our Performance

$ in millions, except per share amounts

2011

2010

% Change

FOR THE YEAR Wells Fargo net income Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock Diluted earnings per common share Profitability ratios: Wells Fargo net income to average total assets (ROA) Wells Fargo net income applicable to common stock to average Wells Fargo common stockholders' equity (ROE) Efficiency ratio 1 Total revenue Pre-tax pre-provision profit 2 Dividends declared per common share Average common shares outstanding Diluted average common shares outstanding Average loans Average assets Average core deposits 3 Average retail core deposits 4 Net interest margin AT YEAR-END Securities available for sale Loans Allowance for loan losses Goodwill Assets Core deposits 3 Wells Fargo stockholders' equity Total equity Tier 1 capital 5 Total capital 5 Capital ratios: Total equity to assets Risk-based capital: 5 Tier 1 capital Total capital Tier 1 leverage 5 Tier 1 common equity 6 Book value per common share Team members (active, full-time equivalent)

$

15,869 15,025 2.82 1.25% 11.93 61.0

12,362 11,632 2.21 1.01 10.33 59.2 85,210 34,754 0.20 5,226.8 5,263.1 770,601 1,226,938 772,021 572,881 4.26

28% 29 28 24 15 3 (5) (9) 140 1 1 (2) 4 7 4 (8)

$

80,948 31,555 0.48 5,278.1 5,323.4

$

757,144 1,270,265 826,735 595,851 3.94%

$

222,613 769,631 19,372 25,115 1,313,867 872,629 140,241 141,687 113,952 148,469 10.78% 11.33 14.76 9.03 9.46 24.64 264,200

172,654 757,267 23,022 24,770 1,258,128 798,192 126,408 127,889 109,353 147,142 10.16 11.16 15.01 9.19 8.30 22.49 272,200

29 2 (16) 1 4 9 11 11 4 1 6 2 (2) (2) 14 10 (3)

$

1 The efficiency ratio is noninterest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and noninterest income). 2 Pre-tax pre-provision profit (PTPP) is total revenue less noninterest expense. Management believes that PTPP is a useful financial measure because it enables investors and others to assess the Company's ability to generate capital to cover credit losses through a credit cycle. 3 Core deposits are noninterest-bearing deposits, interest-bearing checking, savings certificates, certain market rate and other savings, and certain foreign deposits (Eurodollar sweep balances). 4 Retail core deposits are total core deposits excluding Wholesale Banking core deposits and retail mortgage escrow deposits. 5 See Note 26 (Regulatory and Agency Capital Requirements) to Financial Statements in this Report for additional information. 6 See the "Financial Review ­ Capital Management" section in this Report for additional information.

4

We're taking major steps to help our customers avoid foreclosure. Since the beginning of 2009 through the end of 2011, we have:  · Completedmorethan728,000activetrial or completed mortgage modifications to help homeowners who are struggling financially keep their homes. That's an average of 665 each and every day, or 28 every hour.  · Helpedmorethan5.2 millionhomeowners with new low-rate loans, either to buy a home or refinance their mortgage.  · Providedmorethan$4.1 billioninprincipal reduction when that was the best solution for the customer and the company. In 2011 alone, we hosted 33 home preservation workshops, where we met face-to-face with thousands of our mortgage customers in cities across the country and provided on-the-spot relief to many of them. While we can't help every mortgage customer who falls behind on payments, we're proud of our progress and look forward to helping even more customers. Helping small business grow Second, no part of the economy is getting more attention today than our nation's small businesses, widely viewed as the engine of America's job growth. As the nation's leading small business lender, we've been increasing our small business lending, doing everything we can to say "yes" to creditworthy borrowers. Our new loan commitments for small businesses grew to $13.9 billion in 2011, up 8 percent from 2010. We were the nation's No. 1 Small Business Administration (SBA) lender in dollar volume for the third consecutive year, approving a record $1.2 billion in SBA 7(a) loans. Our five priorities Serving customers when, where, and how they want to be served, and helping them succeed financially, is the foundation for everything we do. Our success depends on staying true to those principles and focusing on executing our strategic priorities, including:  1.Puttingcustomersfirst  2.Growingrevenue  3.Reducingexpenses  4.LivingourVision&Values  5. Connectingwithcommunities and stakeholders

1. Putting customers first From Wells Fargo's Vision & Values: "We value what's right for our customers in everything we do." Our customers come first, and we focus on helping them succeed financially. Their success comes before ours. We never put the stagecoach ahead of the horses. Consider our integration of Wachovia into Wells Fargo. When most companies merge, often the first thing they do is rush to change signs and business cards. We did it differently. It took us three years to integrate Wachovia's operations because it was important to get the merger right for our customers. During those three years, we provided 490,000 hours of training for 35,000 retail banking team members who focused on making the transition as easy and effortless as possible for our customers. Our team members never lost sight of our guiding principle: The customer is always at the center of everything we do and every decision we make. This principle is more important than ever when you consider our size and scale. In the Community Bank alone, we touch people and businesses at least 5 billion times a year. Every single one of those interactions is vital to each customer. That gives us billions of chances a year to be a customer's hero, to put the customer's needs first and ensure we do things right. We will never be perfect. No company can be flawless billions of times a year. Smart companies, however, learn from their mistakes. When we make one, we want to admit it, apologize for it, fix it fast, and try to make sure it never happens again. Today, seven out of every 10 of our checking accounts are online. We're finding new ways to make this experience even better. This year, we launched a new program called Wells Fargo AssistSM to help customers who are behind on payments or face financial hardship. In the first 12 months, we expect to have more than 100,000 customers visit this site, where they can connect with product specialists who can work with them -- privately and conveniently. Rather than having to visit different Wells Fargo sites, the Wells Fargo Assist site is organized to reflect the way customers think of us, as One Wells Fargo offering many financial services and products: mortgages, home equity lines, credit cards,

$13.9billion
In 2011, small business new loan commitments grew to $13.9 billion (an 8 percent increase from 2010).

92%
92 percent of our mortgage customers remained current on their home payments.

5.2million
Since the beginning of 2009 through the end of 2011, we helped more than 5.2 million homeowners with new low-rate loans, either to buy a home or refinance their mortgage.

5

student loans, personal loans, and lines of credit. This can help our customers resolve past-due accounts quickly and discreetly, and also reduce our collection work. We're also putting the global needs of our business customers first. This year we relocated our branch in Shanghai, one of the world's most dynamic cities. This expanded office will play a critical role in supporting the increasing number of Wells Fargo customers doing business in China and a growing number of Chinese companies that want to grow their business in the U.S. This is just one way we're positioned to continue to grow our international business and serve our customers with an expanded range of products and services. 2. Growing revenue From Wells Fargo's Vision & Values: "We can't control the economy, interest rates, the markets, or world events. We focus on what we can control and what we can sustain long term: our core performance, our revenue growth." When we put customers first and help them succeed financially, we strengthen relationships, build loyalty, and earn trust. As a result, our customers bring us more business, we create more opportunities for our team members, and we earn more revenue to support our operations, growing our earnings and shareholder return. In 2011, Wells Fargo grew its Tier 1 common equity1 (a bank's core equity capital) by $13.8 billion, up 17 percent. This was the greatest increase among the four largest U.S. banks, based on assets. We grew revenue in many of our businesses within Community Banking; Wealth, Brokerage and Retirement; Consumer Lending; and Wholesale Banking, including Commercial Banking. However, our total revenue declined during the year, reflecting lower interest rates, new regulations, and the sluggish economy. We're confident we can grow revenue if we stay true to our vision and attract new customers through organic growth and disciplined acquisitions.

We have a huge opportunity to earn more business from our current customers. Our average retail bank household cross-sell reached a record 5.92 products in 2011, up from 5.70 in the fourth quarter of 2010. In our Western markets it was a record 6.29, in the East 5.43, and our top region had 7.38. The opportunities, therefore, are immense. Even if we get to eight products per retail bank household, we still have room to grow. We believe the average American household has between 14 and 16 financial services products. In Wholesale Banking, we're building on strong relationships with existing customers and developing relationships with new customers. Our loans in this important segment grew 8 percent in 2011. Our Commercial Banking business has increased loans for 17 straight months. We also bought commercial portfolios with favorable risk-reward characteristics in 2011, including approximately $4 billion of U.S.-based commercial real estate loans, and made a number of other acquisitions, expanding our product lines. We serve the treasury management, investment banking, and international needs of more than 28,000 relationships with middle-market and large corporate businesses, governments, and institutions worldwide. We see huge growth opportunities in our Wealth, Brokerage and Retirement segment. Only one of about every 10 of our banking households has an investment relationship with us. More than 5 million affluent banking households don't have investment products with us, but they have nearly $2 trillion in investable assets. Increasing cross-sell only 5 percent with these customers could generate $600 million in annual revenue. Our more than 15,000 financial advisors have their work cut out for them. They're eager to earn all our customers' business. If you're a Wells Fargo customer with investable assets, we look forward to talking to you soon. Growing revenue comes down to how well our team can help our customers succeed, one customer at a time. In Scottsdale, Ariz., for example, our financial advisors and private bankers worked together to help a customer open a $1 million line of credit to help his business meet its short-term capital needs.

1 Please see the "Financial Review ­ Capital Management" section in this Report for more information.

6

He was so happy with the process and our service, he opened two more business accounts. When he decided to expand his business, the same team helped him finance a $3.5 million loan. When we delight our customers and help them succeed financially, great things happen. Another example can be found in San Francisco's Mission District, where many lowincome immigrant women sell food from their homes or in the streets to help support their families. To help these women organize and grow their businesses, a nonprofit business incubator called La Cocina was started in 2005. Wells Fargo provided an equity equivalent, or EQ2 (below-market rate), loan of $500,000 to get it started. As La Cocina grew, we helped arrange another $500,000 loan and, later, another $300,000 loan. La Cocina is now recognized as a national model for moving low-income and immigrant women entrepreneurs into the formal economy. It's home for several women-owned businesses, generating $2 million in annual revenue and creating jobs in the community. 3. Reducing expenses From Wells Fargo's Vision & Values: "We're making expense management a competitive advantage -- just like our people, cross-sell, our solid capital position, our strong balance sheet, and credit discipline." We have the privilege and responsibility to use our shareholders' capital as efficiently and effectively as possible so we can give them a solid, long-term return on their investment. That means managing our expenses well -- not cutting costs just for the sake of it, but making sure everything we do is as efficient and simple as possible. We should spend money only on what really matters to our customers and on things that help us grow revenue. We need to cut costs, but not corners, when it comes to doing things right and doing the right things. Through our current companywide expense initiative, we want to become more cost-competitive and nimble by streamlining processes and eliminating unnecessary expense. This work is moving forward on two fronts. First, we're identifying cross-company opportunities that remove complexity, eliminate duplication, and take more of a

companywide view of how we work. Second, each of our individual businesses is looking closely at how they do their work. For example, we've identified technology, human resources, and marketing functions that were handled in separate areas, and we're bringing them together to serve the company more efficiently. We combined our two separate automobile finance businesses to better serve customers. We simplified our Wealth Management regional structure to operate seven instead of 12 regions. Our businesses reduced the number of temporary resources and contractors in high-cost locations by 29 percent in 2011. Reducing expenses also helps us achieve other goals. During the merger integration with Wachovia, we converted many of our retail banking stores to more efficient "green" signs, saving a lot of money for the company and our shareholders. We installed 7,000 LED signs coast to coast, saving an estimated $1.5 million in reduced energy and maintenance costs. As part of our current expense initiative, we set a target to reduce our quarterly noninterest expenses to $11 billion in the fourth quarter of 2012. That means reducing our quarterly noninterest expense by $1.5 billion, or 12 percent, from the amount of noninterest expenses we incurred in the second quarter of 2011, when we set our expense target. We're on the right track to reach that goal. 4. Living our Vision & Values From Wells Fargo's Vision & Values: "We have what it takes to be great. One vision. Shared values that we live. A well-understood and effective culture. A time-tested business model ... And most of all: great people." Living our Vision & Values is about trust, personal responsibility, working together, admitting mistakes when we make them, and making things right for our customers. Whether you're a bank teller, a relationship manager, a computer programmer, or a leader of one of our business groups, these are the values that guide us. We also value -- and learn from -- the diversity of team members, customers, and communities. We promote an environment that embraces and values differences, encouraging diversity in our business practices. This gives us multiple perspectives to respond to

$13.8billion
In 2011, Wells Fargo grew Tier 1 common equity1 by $13.8 billion, highest among the four largest U.S. banks by assets.

5.92products
Retail bank household cross-sell reached a record 5.92 products in 2011, up from 5.70 in the fourth quarter of 2010.

$1.5million
We installed 7,000 LED signs coast to coast, saving an estimated $1.5 million in reduced energy and maintenance costs.

7

"Living our Vision & Values is about trust, personal responsibility, working together, admitting mistakes when we make them, and making things right for our customers. Whether you're a bank teller, a relationship manager, a computer programmer, or a leader of one of our business groups, these are the values that guide us."
the needs of our team members, customers, and communities. More than 28,000 of our team members -- up 33 percent for the year -- participated in our nine team member networks, groups that are aligned with our company's diverse customer segments and business strategies. We're committed to diversity and diverse representation all across Wells Fargo, including on my own leadership team. I'm proud to serve as chair of our company's diversity council, and I take personal responsibility for our progress. We make our Vision & Values booklet available to all of our team members. It's a living document. We encourage all our team members and leaders to use it as a guide for their daily work. It's our gold standard for serving our customers, working together as team members, serving our communities, and honoring our shareholders for investing in our company. You can read our Vision & Values in the "About Us" section on wellsfargo.com. Check it out and let us know how we're doing. You can also read about the important role our Vision & Values plays in the Wells Fargo culture in the February 13, 2012, issue of Forbes magazine. Search forbes.com for the January 25, 2012, article titled "Wells Fargo: The Bank That Works."

5. Connecting with communities and stakeholders From Wells Fargo's Vision & Values: "Our responsibility goes far beyond protecting our customers' assets. We're responsible for being leaders to promote the long-term economic prosperity and quality of life for everyone in our communities. If they prosper, so do we." For 160 years, Wells Fargo has been committed to the communities where our customers live and work. Each of these communities has unique needs. Our teams in these communities know how they can make a difference. They're closely connected to their customers. They know them by name. They know how to help them succeed financially, and they help support them when the going gets rough. One such crisis happened in the town of Bastrop, Texas, near Austin, last year. Bastrop (population: 7,200) was one of many communities parched by drought, record heat, and wildfires in the summer of 2011. Ten of our 12 Wells Fargo team members in Bastrop had to leave their homes and live in shelters, churches, or with friends and family. Despite that, they still chose to come to work so they could serve our customers. When the offer was made to bring bankers from outside the community to help, they said, "We know the customers. They're our friends, neighbors, and customers, and we don't want to leave." I believe you can find similar courage and selflessness among our team members in every community where we do business. Because of our record earnings in 2011, Wells Fargo was also able to excel in giving to nonprofit organizations and in team member volunteerism. Wells Fargo contributed $213.5 million to 25,000 nonprofits across the U.S. Fortune ranked us 23rd among the 500 largest companies in America, and the Journal of Philanthropy ranked Wells Fargo No. 3 in corporate giving. Our team members set a company record by contributing more than $63.9 million of their own money to nonprofits across the country, including $41.6 million through our annual community support campaign. That was a 16 percent increase over 2010, and the ninth straight year of double-digit increases in pledges. Even though we're the 12th largest private employer, not the largest, in 2010 Wells Fargo was recognized by United Way Worldwide for the second year in a row for having

8

the No. 1 corporate campaign in the country. Our team members also set a company record by volunteering 1.5 million hours for causes they cared about in 2011, up from 1.3 million hours in 2010. How do we get such outstanding results? We follow a formula that's worked for 160 years: local people making local decisions because they know their communities best. We're proud to support many environmental initiatives. In 2011, Wells Fargo received the 2011 Leadership Award from the U.S. Green Building Council for our commitment to environmentally responsible building design, construction, and operation. We also achieved a milestone for our customers: All our deposittaking ATMs are now entirely envelope-free, adding convenience for our customers while saving paper and transportation costs. Our team members are also actively involved. We have 65 "green" teams, up 30 percent in a year. These volunteer networks help Wells Fargo conserve resources, reduce waste, and promote environmental awareness in the workplace and in the community. We're doing important work to help revitalize neighborhoods hit hard by the economy. In 2011, Wells Fargo donated $18.8 million in real estate-owned (REO) properties and $23.2 million to organizations that build and rehabilitate affordable housing. The Wells Fargo Housing Foundation mobilized more than 9,800 volunteers who gave more than 70,000 hours to build or refurbish more than 550 homes in low- to moderate-income communities. Our company also supports our communities and the economy by paying taxes. The past 10 years, Wells Fargo -- combined with Wachovia -- paid more than $33 billion in federal and state corporate income taxes, including nearly $4 billion during 2011. The company's share of employment-related taxes, property taxes, and other taxes totaled more than an additional $2 billion in 2011. As with every corporate and individual taxpayer, the amount the company pays each year varies based on its taxable income. The past three years, Wells Fargo's taxable income has been significantly affected by the economic downturn and the merger with Wachovia. Wells Fargo is proud to be a responsible corporate citizen and honors its obligations at the federal, state, and local levels, providing support for the communities where we serve our customers.

New Board members This year we welcomed two new directors to our Board: Elaine L. Chao and Federico F. Peña. Ms. Chao, the former U. S. Secretary of Labor and the first Asian Pacific American woman to be appointed to a presidential cabinet, was elected effective July 1, 2011. She serves on the Board's Finance and Corporate Responsibility committees. Mr. Peña, a senior advisor of Vestar Capital Partners, and former U.S. Secretary of Transportation and U.S. Secretary of Energy, was elected effective November 1, 2011. He serves on the Board's Audit and Examination Committee, and his election increased the Board to 16 directors. Both Elaine and Federico bring years of experience from their distinguished careers, and we welcome them as we focus on meeting the needs of our customers, communities, and stakeholders. Unmatched opportunities. Unmatched vision. With the scale and scope of our combined company, our ability to serve our customers, communities, and country is greater than ever. Our opportunities for service, growth, profitability, and shareholder return are significant. Our ability to seize those opportunities will depend, as always, on the degree to which we are faithful to our Vision & Values. Our financial strength enables us to continue to innovate, invest in growth, and help our customers succeed financially. Our future is bright. We're optimistic. We're eager. We can't wait to hop on the stagecoach and get to work every morning to serve our customers. We thank all our stakeholders -- including team members, customers, communities, and shareholders -- for their confidence in Wells Fargo. All have high expectations for us to listen, lead, serve, and innovate. What a privilege we have to rise to that challenge.

$213.5million
Wells Fargo contributed $213.5 million to 25,000 nonprofit organizations in 2011.

$33billion
During the past 10 years, Wells Fargo (combined with Wachovia) has paid more than $33 billion in federal and state corporate income taxes, including nearly $4 billion during 2011.

1.5million
Wells Fargo team members volunteered 1.5 million hours in 2011.

John G. Stumpf Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

9

