letter to stakeholders

Dear Fellow Stakeholders: This was the best year in our company's 32-year history. We delivered our strongest financial performance, breaking records on many levels. Our sales approached $12 billion, translating to sales per gross square foot of $932. We opened 25 new stores, expanding into eight new markets, and increased our ending square footage 8% to 12.7 million. We reported our eleventh consecutive quarter of comparable store sales growth of 7.8% or better, improved operating margin 94 basis points to 6.4%, generated over $1 billion in EBITDA, and grew diluted earnings per share by 31% to $2.52. Our stellar results substantially exceeded our own expectations, as well as Wall Street's, driving our stock price to a new all-time high of $101.86 and resulting in a 31% increase for the calendar year versus the 13% increase for the S&P 500 Index. Our solid execution, capital discipline, and increasing stock price generated $1.3 billion of cash during the fiscal year through a combination of $920 million in cash flow from operations and $370 million in proceeds from team member stock option exercises. We invested $456 million in new and existing stores, returned $95 million in quarterly dividends to our shareholders, and repurchased $29 million of common stock. Our total cash and investments nearly doubled over the prior year, increasing $745 million to $1.5 billion. Our strong operating trends and improved credit metrics resulted in two corporate rating upgrades from Standard & Poor's, and we are rated investment grade once again. With confidence that we are well positioned to maintain a healthy cash reserve and internally fund our accelerated new store growth, subsequent to the fiscal year end, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend by 43% to $0.20 per share, granted an additional $300 million in stock repurchase authority, and declared a special dividend of $2 per share. We are proud that we continue to gain market share from our competitors and attribute much of our success to our visible value efforts which have positively impacted our price image. In 2012, we appropriately navigated the balance between price investments, gross margin and sales momentum. We posted robust sales gains, better-than-historical gross margin results, and decreased the pricing gap versus our competitors on known value items to its narrowest margin yet. While improving our relative value positioning remained a top priority, we also continued to find ways to raise the bar and further differentiate the Whole Foods Market shopping experience. In April we stopped selling wild-caught seafood from red-rated fisheries, and we required that all national brands of household cleaning products include full disclosure of ingredients on their packaging. We were also the first national retailer to require that all organic personal care products be third-party certified. Our internal research shows we have a healthy combination of loyal core customers and new customers discovering us for the first time. We believe our initiatives to improve our value assortment and increase the level of transparency about the products we sell are aligned with our core customer base, reinforce our position as the authentic retailer of natural and organic foods, and continue to make us the preferred choice for customers aspiring to a healthier lifestyle. We are successfully utilizing social media as a powerful way to gain positive exposure and connect with our Internet-savvy customers on a global and local level. At year end, we had over one million "likes" on Facebook, and we were the top retail brand on Twitter with over three million followers.

letter to stakeholders

Our pace of store openings is accelerating, and we are very pleased with how well our newer stores are performing. We opened a record number of new stores in 2012 and expect this to continue into 2013 and 2014 as well. For the last six quarters, on average our new store class consisted of 22 stores open for approximately six months. At 38,000 square feet in size, they produced average weekly sales of $564,000 translating to sales per square foot of $777, and generated a contribution margin of approximately 6%. These outstanding results, combined with lower average capital investment and pre-opening expenses per store, are driving solid returns. By year end, our return on invested capital for comparable stores less than two years old was 16%, our highest result since 2004. We walk our talk when it comes to our Core Values. Our 73,000 team members are the heart and soul of our company, and our "not-so-secret" sauce. Last January, we were extremely pleased to be ranked #32 on Fortune's list of the "100 Best Companies to Work for in America." To be one of only 13 companies ranked consecutively for 15 years validates our commitment to our Core Value of `Supporting Team Member Happiness and Excellence.' We created over 8,500 new jobs this past year, and team member morale is very high. Our Total Health Immersion and Healthy Discount Incentive Programs were designed specifically to promote the health of our team members, and we believe we are seeing some great initial results. Since launching our Total Health Immersion Program in the fall of 2009, over 1,600 team members have participated in this multiday educational opportunity. Our Healthy Discount Incentive Program offers additional store discounts based on meeting designated biometric criteria and being nicotine-free. This year approximately 14,000 team members participated in screenings, with over 8,600 receiving higher-level discount cards. We believe these programs are helping to educate team members and create awareness of the benefits of healthier habits and contributed to year-over-year decreases in participant medical claims (net paid per claimant) and inpatient hospital stays (average paid per day), as well as an increase in annual preventive wellness exams. Our support of and leadership in causes that are important to our communities have created a loyal core customer base aligned with our mission and Core Values. This year, our cash and product donations to charitable organizations once again well exceeded our goal of 5% of our after-tax profits. In addition, our foundations and Local Producer Loan Program continued to expand their good works. Whole Planet Foundation®, whose mission is to empower the poor through microcredit in communities that supply our stores with product, has partnered with various microfinance institutions to facilitate over $32 million in company, team member, supplier and customer-funded grants to micro-lending projects in 53 countries. Whole Kids FoundationTM, dedicated to improving children's nutrition by supporting schools and inspiring families, celebrated its first anniversary. Through the generosity of customers, team members, suppliers and community donors, nearly 1,000 schools in the U.S. and Canada received school garden grants in 2012, and to date, more than 1,500 salad bars have been provided to schools around the country through the partnership between Whole Foods Market, Whole Kids Foundation, and Let's Move Salad Bars to Schools. And, since making the first loan through our Local Producer Loan Program in February 2007, we now have loaned more than $7 million to 121 local producers across the country. Our business model is very successful and continues to benefit all of our stakeholders. When the first Whole Foods Market opened in September 1980, we had no idea that we would become the 8th largest public food and drug retailer in the U.S., ranking #264 on the Fortune 500, with over 340 stores in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K.

Whole Kids FoundationTM, dedicated to improving children's nutrition by supporting schools and inspiring families, celebrated its first anniversary. Through the generosity of customers, team members, suppliers and community donors, nearly 1,000 schools in the U.S. and Canada received school garden grants in 2012, and to date, more than 1,500 salad bars have been provided to schools around the country through the partnership between Whole Foods Market, Whole Kids Foundation, and Let's Move Salad Bars to Schools. And, since making the first loan through our Local Producer Loan Program in February 2007, we now have loaned more than $7 million to 121 local producers across the country.

letter to stakeholders letter to stakeholders

Our fiscal year 2013 another year of to healthy comparable store sales growth and incremental Our outlook pace offor store openings isreflects accelerating, and we are very pleased with how well our newer stores are business model is very successful and continues benefit all of our stakeholders. operating margin improvement. We have signed 45 new leases over the last 12 months and, based on our performing. We opened a record number of new stores in 2012 expect to continue intobecome 2013 and 2014 When the first Whole Foods Market opened in September 1980,and we had nothis idea that we would the 8th current development pipeline, are on track to accelerate our store openings and endingopen square footage growth as well.public For the last and six quarters, on average our new store class consisted of 22 stores approximately largest food drug retailer in the U.S., ranking #264 on the Fortune 500, with overfor 340 stores in the through 2014. six months. Atand 38,000 U.S., Canada, the square U.K. feet in size, they produced average weekly sales of $564,000 translating to sales per square foot of $777, and generated a contribution margin of approximately 6%. These outstanding results, We are committed to growing at a culturally sustainable rate and believe 1,000 stores in the U.S. is an achievable Our outlook forlower fiscal average year 2013 reflects another year healthy comparable salesare growth and incremental combined with capital investment andof pre-opening expenses store per store, driving solid returns. goal. People are increasingly embracing healthier lifestyles to improve the quality of their lives and minimize Our outlook for fiscal year 2013 reflectsWe another year of healthy comparable store sales growth incremental operating margin improvement. have signed 45 new leasesless over the two last 12and months and, based on our By year end, our return on invested capital for comparable stores than years old was 16%, our highest their healthcare costs. As America's Healthiest Grocery Store, welast are12 uniquely positioned to our benefit from this operating margin improvement. We have signed 45 new leases over the months and, based on current development pipeline, are on track to accelerate our store openings and ending square footage growth result since 2004. major evolution. are not yet saturated in any major metro area, and our ability to design current demographic development pipeline, are onWe track to accelerate our store openings and ending square footage growth through 2014. through 2014. stores that are "rightsized" for their community has opened up possibilities in markets encompassing a broad We walk our talk when it comes to our Core Values. range in the percentage of college graduates, population density and median household income levels. We are committed to growing at a culturally sustainable and believe 1,000 stores U.S. is an achievable We are committed growing atare a culturally sustainable rate believe 1,000 stores in"not-so-secret" the U.S. isin anthe achievable Our 73,000 teamto members the heart and soul of and ourrate company, and our sauce. Last January, goal. People are increasingly embracing healthier lifestyles to improve the quality of their lives and minimize goal. People are increasingly embracing healthier lifestyles to improve the quality of their lives and minimize we were beyond extremely to be ranked #32 on Fortune's list of the with "100four Bestin Companies to Work for in Looking thepleased U.S., we currently operate eight stores in Canada development and believe their healthcare costs. As America's Healthiest Grocery Store, we are uniquely positioned tothis benefit from this their healthcare costs. As America's Healthiest Grocery Store, we are uniquely positioned to benefit from America." To be one of only 13 companies ranked consecutively for 15 years validates our commitment to our sales in Canada can surpass $1 billion over the next decade. In the U.K, we have seven stores in operation with major demographic evolution. We are not yet saturated in any major metro area, and our ability toour design major demographic evolution. We are not yet saturated in any major metro area, and ability to design Corestores Value of `Supporting Team Member Happiness and Excellence.' of We created over 8,500 new jobs past two scheduled to open over the next The performance these new stores give usthis a much stores that are "rightsized" for their community has year. opened up possibilities in markets encompassing awill broad stores that are "rightsized" for their community has opened up possibilities in markets encompassing a broad year, and team member morale is very high. better understanding our long-term potential density in the and U.K. market and expansion opportunities in other range in percentage ofof graduates, population median household levels. range inthe the percentagecollege of college graduates, population density and median income household income levels. international markets as well. Our Total Health and Healthy Discount Incentive were designed specifically Looking beyond theImmersion U.S., we currently operate eight stores in CanadaPrograms with four in development and believe to promote Looking beyond the U.S., we currently operate eight stores in Canada with fourin in development and believe sales in Canada can surpass $1 billion over the next decade. In the U.K, we have seven stores operation with the health of our team members, and we believe we are seeing some great initial results. launching our We are more passionate than ever about our future and the positive impact we can make in Since the world by helping sales in Canada can surpass $1 billion over the next decade. In the U.K, we have seven stores in operation with two stores scheduled to open over the next year. The performance of these new stores will give us a much Total Health Immersion Program in the falland of 2009, overeducating 1,600 team members have participated in this multithe natural and organic foods industry grow succeed, our customers about healthier lifestyles, and two stores scheduled to open over the next year. The performance ofoffers these new stores give us a based much better understanding of our long-term potential in the U.K. market and expansion opportunities inwill other day educational opportunity. Our Healthy Discount Incentive Program additional store discounts by offering a different kind of business model where profits and integrity positively impact all of our stakeholders. international markets as well. better understanding of our long-term potential in the U.K. market and expansion opportunities in other on meeting designated biometric criteria and being nicotine-free. This year 14,000 We see tremendous opportunity ahead and look forward to continuing on approximately the journey with you. team members international markets as well. participated in screenings, with over 8,600 higher-level discount We believe these programs We are more passionate than ever about our future receiving and the positive impact we can makecards. in the world by helping With deep appreciation to all of our stakeholders, the natural and organic foods industry grow and succeed, educating our customers about healthier lifestyles, and are helping to educate team and create awareness of the impact benefits of can healthier and contributed We are more passionate thanmembers ever about our future and the positive we make habits in the world by helping by offering a different kind of business model where profits and integrity positively impact all of our stakeholders. to year-over-year decreases in participant medical claims (net paid per claimant) and inpatient hospital stays the natural and organic foods industry grow and succeed, educating our customers about healthier lifestyles, and We see tremendous opportunity ahead and look forward to continuing on the journey with you. (average paid per day), as well as an increase in annual preventive wellness exams. by offering a different kind of business model where profits and integrity positively impact all of our stakeholders.

letter to stakeholders

With deep appreciationopportunity to all of our stakeholders, We tremendous ahead and that look are forward to continuing on the journeyhave with created you. Oursee support of and leadership in causes important to our communities a loyal core customer base aligned with our mission and Core Values. This year, our cash and product donations to chariWith deep appreciation to all of our stakeholders, table organizations once again well exceeded our goal of 5% of our after-tax profits.

In addition, our foundations and Local Producer Loan Program continued to expand their good works. Whole Planet Foundation®, whose mission is to empower the poor through microcredit in communities that supply our stores with product, has partnered with various microfinance institutions to facilitate over $32 million in company, team member, supplier and customer-funded grants to micro-lending projects in 53 countries. Whole Kids FoundationTM, dedicated to improving children's nutrition by supporting schools and inspiring families, celebrated its first anniversary. Through the generosity of customers, team members, suppliers and community donors, nearly 1,000 schools in the U.S. and Canada received school garden grants in 2012, and to date, more than 1,500 salad bars have been provided to schools around the country through the partnership between Whole Foods Market, Whole Kids Foundation, and Let's Move Salad Bars to Schools. And, since making the first loan through our Local Producer Loan Program in February 2007, we now have loaned more than $7 million to 121 local producers across the country. Our business model is very successful and continues to benefit all of our stakeholders. When the first Whole Foods Market opened John Mackey Walter Robb in September 1980, we had no idea that we would become the 8th John Mackey Robb largest public food and drugWalter retailer in the U.S., ranking #264 on the Fortune 500, with over 340 stores in the Co-CEO Co-CEO U.S., Canada, and the U.K.
Co-CEO Co-CEO

