Dear Stakeholders,
Customers have never shown greater interest in what they eat, where it comes from and who's growing it. Whole Foods Market has been a driving force behind this shift in consciousness, and our mission, commitment to transparency, and culture of innovation are more relevant and timely than ever. The increasing adoption of fresh, healthy foods by the mainstream, however, has led to a rapid expansion of natural and organic product offerings across many different channels. This increase in competition, combined with headwinds from our own growth and value initiatives, has had an impact on our business. For the ¿scal year, we increased sales  to a record .  billion, producing industryleading sales per gross sTuare foot of . $ fter appearing to stabilize in the ¿rst Tuarter, our comparable store sales moderated over the remainder of the year. In a challenging sales environment, we generated healthy returns with over . billion in (%IT'$, a record . billion in cash ¡ow from operations and a  return on invested capital. Through our strong balance sheet and robust cash ¡ows, we selffunded our strategic growth initiatives and a record  new store openings, returned close to  million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, and ended the year with  million in cash and investments. 6ubseTuent to the end of the ¿scal year, we announced a new capital allocation strategy. 5e¡ecting con¿dence in our future growth and cash ¡ow generation, while expanding our commitment to return capital to our shareholders, our % oard of ' irectors authorized a new  billion share repurchase program and a  increase in our Tuarterly dividend. In addition, we entered into a  million ¿ve year revolving credit facility and issued  billion of senior notes. Through this new capital allocation strategy, we took advantage of attractive conditions in the debt markets and lowered our overall cost of capital, while preserving ¿nancial ¡exibility for our future growth initiatives. In this dynamic marketplace, we are not standing still and made measurable progress over the past year on many of our strategic initiatives, including: ∑ First national brand campaign ∑ ( xpanded value efforts in produce ∑ Implementation of Workday for online +5 management ∑ Introduction of a new labor scheduling tool ∑ Launch of our new mobile app ∑ 3 ilot of our $ f ¿nity program in 3hiladelphia ∑ Leading $pple 3ay retailer, in both transactions and sales ∑ Instacart partnership offering fresh grocery delivery to more U.S. homes than any other food retailer ∑ $ nnouncement of our new  by Whole Foods Market format ∑ Initial rollout of our new, uni¿ed pointofsale system

Values Matter
Some would say that increasingly everyone is selling the same food and that price is all that matters. The reality is Whole Foods Market sells the highest quality food in the world, our standards lead the industry, and our selection and instore experience cannot be matched by the competition. We are going to be competitive on price where we need to be, but, ¿rst and foremost, the Whole Foods Market brand stands for the highest quality, selection and service. We believe values matter. It's what our customers tell us they love most about us, and we are not changing that. 2ne of the things we are doing is launching  by Whole Foods Market, a complementary brand that will broaden our reach to new customers and new markets. *uided by the same industryleading quality standards, our  stores will allow us to address the value quality proposition in a new way, while maintaining the integrity the Whole Foods Market brand represents in the marketplace. $ s food retailing rapidly evolves ≤ from online delivery in one hour to clickand collect to personal shoppers, we envision a fusion of the store experience and technology, with the customer at the center. 1o one delivers the dynamic and compelling instore experience that we do. We will keep innovating and creating environments where people can connect and ¿nd a sense of community ≤ in our stores and in the digital world. Our strategy revolves around leading a race to the top in terms of a differentiated customer experience: continuing to raise the bar on quality and selection, providing new levels of transparency and accountability, and leveraging technology to deliver an improved shopping experience. $ s the consciousness about fresh, healthy foods is awakening, and the ways in which people want to buy their food evolve, the market opportunity is continuing to expand. There will be more than one winner it is not a zerosum game. Where our company is today is Must a fraction of where we think we will be  years from now.

Our Business Model Continues to Benefit All of Our Stakeholders
Our more than , team members are the heart and soul of our company and our ¥notsosecretµ ingredient. Last -anuary, we were extremely pleased to be ranked once again on FO5TU1('s list of the ¥ %est Companies to Work for in $ merica.µ To be one of only  companies ranked consecutively for  years validates our commitment to our Core 9alue of ∂Supporting Team Member +appiness and ( xcellence.' We created , new Mobs this past year, and continue to see low turnover and good morale as our team members embrace the advancement opportunities that our growth offers. Our support of and leadership in causes that are important to our communities have created a loyal core customer base aligned with our mission and Core 9alues. This year, our donations

to charitable organizations once again well exceeded our goal of  of our after tax profits. In addition, our foundations and Local Producer Loan Program continued to expand their good works. Whole Planet FoundationÆ has partnered with various microfinance institutions to facilitate  million in grants to  pro M ects in  countries where we source products. $ pproximately  , schools have received school garden grants and  , have received salad bars through the Whole . ids Foundation and its partners. Whole Cities Foundation, dedicated to individual and community health through collaborative partnerships, education and broader access to nutritious food in underserved communities, has existing partnerships in 1ew Orleans, L $ , ' etroit, MI and -ackson, MS, with future proMects planned in ( nglewood, IL and 1ewark, 1-. $ nd, our Local Producer Loan Program has disbursed  million to nearly  local producers.

4. We will support our differentiation and value strategies through enhanced external marketing efforts. We will use media to support our pricing efforts across all maMor markets, clearly communicating not only our pricing investments but our quality as well. We will holistically address the way in which we communicate our value and values to our customers at every touch point, including our online, digital and social platforms. . We will invest in digital strategies to convert the strong traf ¿c we generate online into sales. We have integrated Instacart into our app, have plans to launch a national sales ¡yer, and will continue to make upgrades to provide more functionality and streamline our customers' digital experience. We are committed to our $ f ¿nity program and have plans for tests in additional markets to further enhance the customer experience and re¿ne the economics, before rolling it out nationally. 6. We will invest in our technology platforms to provide a better shopping experience and to run our business more ef ¿ciently. The rollout of our new uni¿ed pointofsale system will provide faster checkout times, improved labor productivity, and better data visibility across all channels. It will also enable personalized offers and new experiences at checkout through our mobile app. Our partnership with Infor, to co  create a nextgeneration cloudbased retail, merchandising and supply chain management platform, will bring many new capabilities such as perpetual inventory, replenishment, retail space planning and price optimization. 7. We will launch our second growth vehicle, 365 by Whole Foods Market. With eight leases signed to date, we plan to open three stores in ¿scal year  and up to  in ¿scal year . The time is right to make the high quality standards we have developed over the last  years more broadly accessible through a streamlined, valuefocused format and serve communities we are not able to reach with our larger Whole Foods Market stores.

Our Targets for Fiscal Year 2016 are:
∑ ∑ ∑ ∑ ∑ ∑ Sales growth of  to  $pproximately  new stores, including two to three relocations and three  stores Square footage growth of  or greater (%IT'$ margin of approximately . Capex of approximately  of sales 5OIC greater than .

While we are making progress on many of our initiatives, we recognize we need to move faster and go deeper to rebuild traf ¿c and sales and create a solid foundation for our longterm pro¿table growth. These are the steps we are taking to communicate our differentiation, improve our price perception, and fundamentally evolve our business: 1. We are committed to a fundamental restructuring of the cost side of our business. We are systematically looking at every aspect of our business to eliminate costs that do not produce value for our customers and plan to reduce expenses by a  million run rate by the end of ¿scal year . 2. We will innovate faster to further differentiate the Whole Foods Market shopping experience, with a focus on our Exclusive Brands and prepared foods. Totaling close to  billion, or onethird of our sales, our ( xclusive %rands and prepared foods are key differentiators for us. We have created a new *lobal 9ice President of Culinary and Hospitality position and plan to partner with our suppliers to widen our competitive advantage in these areas. 3. We will improve our value perception through increased promotional activity and selective and strategic price reductions. We will utilize new talent, tools and systems, as well as consumer insights, benchmarks, and KPI progress reporting, to better track how our promotions and investments resonate with customers and impact our results.

. While we remain con ¿dent in our longterm growth potential, we will increase our sTuare footage at a more moderate pace this year. Having consecutively accelerated our store openings over the past six years, we plan to grow our square footage at a more moderate pace in ¿scal year , which will lessen the negative impact of cannibalization on our comparable store sales growth and allow us to focus on the other areas we have outlined. . We will continue to af ¿rm our culture. Our team members are the heart and soul of our company. We believe our full time ratio is among the highest and our turnover is among the lowest in the industry, and we will continue to invest in our team members' development and growth, including creating thousands of new Mobs over the coming year.

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K
Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended September 27, 2015; or Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from ________ to ________ Commission File Number: 0-19797

WHOLE FOODS MARKET, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Texas (State of incorporation)
Walter 5obb and -ohn Mackey, co  C (Os of Whole Foods Market

74-1989366 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 78703 (Zip code)

550 Bowie Street, Austin, Texas (Address of principal executive offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 512-477-4455 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act:

In closing, we recognize these are challenging times and that we have our work cut out for us. We believe we are taking the appropriate steps to reposition the company to produce the returns that the investment community expects, and that we expect from ourselves. We have been through dif ¿cult times before and are con¿dent that we will emerge on the other side as an even stronger company. We embrace our responsibility to nourish the health and wellbeing of people and the planet by being the authentic purveyor of food for the greater good. We look forward to you continuing on the Mourney with us. With deep appreciation to all of our stakeholders,

Title of each class Common Stock, no par value

Name of each exchange on which registered NASDAQ Global Select Market

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (ß 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes No

John Mackey, co C(O

Walter 5obb, co C(O

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (ß 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes

