To Our Fellow Shareholders:
Second Best Year in Winnebago Industries' History
 Winnebago Industries' Fiscal 2005 results represent the second best year of the Company's 47-year history.  While revenues and earnings for Fiscal 2005 were lower than last year, we are still extremely proud of the Company's performance in a challenging year.  Following the record-breaking year experienced by the recreation vehicle (RV) industry in Calendar Year 2004, manufacturers and dealers were extremely optimistic about continued growth and, based on that optimism, manufacturers kept factories running at relatively high levels throughout the winter.   By the spring of 2005, it became evident that there was an industry-wide surplus of inventory in the marketplace, particularly of Class A motor homes, causing most manufacturers to heavily discount these products.  We believed in the spring that we would see a return to more normalized inventory levels within the industry by midsummer.  By midsummer; however, consumer confidence began to dip, primarily due to the increases in fuel prices.   Consumer confidence has continued to decrease throughout the summer and early fall.  According to the New York based research organization, The Conference Board, "Consumer confidence took the biggest tumble in 15 years in September, as Americans came to grips with soaring energy prices after Hurricane Katrina." Historically, consumer confidence and RV sales trends closely correlate and it has become apparent that RV sales followed this trend in 2005 as motor home sales slowed at the retail level.  In spite of the difficult economic climate, Winnebago Industries had a strong year of product introductions.  The Company began production of the new 2006 Winnebago View® and Itasca NavionTM Class C diesel motor homes in March.  These innovative motor homes have been particularly timely with an estimated fuel economy of 17 to 19 miles per gallon.  As you'll read later in this report, 54 percent of Winnebago Industries' 2006 products are new or redesigned, including the new Winnebago TourTM and Itasca EllipseTM Class A diesel motor homes.  Several of the Company's new Winnebago and Itasca products for 2006 also feature increased headroom which has become a new trend within the industry, creating a more spacious residential feel.  This new feature is included on the Company's high end Class A gas and diesel motor homes, including the Winnebago Adventurer®, Tour and Vectra®, as well as the Itasca Suncruiser®, Ellipse and Horizon®.

Quality and Service
 In addition to product development, we believe that quality and service are extremely important to Winnebago Industries' growth.  We consider the annual Dealer Satisfaction Index (DSI) survey by the Recreation Vehicle Dealers Association (RVDA) a good third-party measurement of our product quality, as well as the quality of our sales, management, service, warranty and support processes.  We use the DSI survey results as an annual benchmark to rate how our dealer partners perceive the Company and our products.   Winnebago Industries has received the Quality Circle award from RVDA as a result of our high score on this DSI survey for all nine years of the award's existence; the only manufacturer to have achieved this distinction.  We believe Winnebago Industries has achieved high scores on the quality of our products and services for several reasons.   We have a dedicated work force with long-term experience in the RV industry.   We utilize technologically advanced manufacturing systems and continue to implement new technology for improving our operations.   We utilize Lean manufacturing techniques, a systematic approach of identifying and eliminating waste (nonvalue added activities) through continuous organization and processes improvement.  We believe these factors make our manufacturing operations more efficient and productive, while increasing the quality of the Company's products.  Winnebago Industries currently has 41  Lean manufacturing teams and the Company's employees received approximately 7,000 hours of Lean manufacturing training during Fiscal 2005.    A good example of the positive results from the implementation of Lean manufacturing techniques is a process change that was made in Fiscal 2005 in the way we manu-



facture cabinets in our Charles City Manufacturing Facility.   Changes in the production process increased manufacturing capacity by 55 percent while reducing labor content by 30 percent.  Winnebago Industries' Shipout Department ensures that our new motor homes are fully processed and prepared for shipment to Winnebago and Itasca dealers.   In July 2005, Winnebago Industries began using a new $2.3  million Shipout facility in Forest City.  This 49,000 square-foot facility features state-of-the-art equipment and enables us to service the new higher-ceiling motor homes that made their debut in the 2006 model lineup.  The location of the facility within the plant also maximizes workflow efficiency.

Profitability

 As we have emphasized for the last five years, our primary goal is to be the most profitable public company in the RV industry and we continue to emphasize profitability over market share.  For that reason, we chose not to participate in incentives at the same level as our competition.  This has resulted in some loss of market share; however, it has allowed us to maintain what we believe is most important to our shareholders, our profitability.  We gauge our performance by five profitability guidelines:   Return on Assets (ROA), Return on Equity (ROE), Return on Invested Capital (ROIC), operating income as a percent of sales and net income as a percent of sales.  We use these guidelines to measure our performance against the other five public motor home manufacturers that along with Winnebago Industries account for over 70 percent of all Class A and C motor home sales in the U.S.  The graphs below demonstrate that we continue to be a leader in profitability within the RV industry.  

stock repurchase programs from December 1997 through August 2005.  During this period, the Company repurchased 21.8 million shares (adjusted for the 2-for-1  stock split on March 5, 2004) of common stock for an aggregate cost of $278.5 million.  During Fiscal 2005, Winnebago Industries repurchased approximately 860,000 shares of common stock for an aggregate cost of approximately $27 million.  As of August 27, 2005, there were approximately 32,989,000 shares outstanding.  In addition to the repurchase of the Company's stock, Winnebago Industries increased cash dividends by 40 percent in Fiscal 2005 by paying seven cents a share to our shareholders on a quarterly basis, or 28 cents a share for the fiscal year, compared to annual dividends of 20 cents a share for Fiscal 2004.  The Board of Directors increased the dividend for Fiscal 2006 by 29 percent, increasing the quarterly dividend to nine cents a share.  

Return Profits to Shareholders
 The Company has historically generated substantial cash from operations, which has enabled the Company to meet its working capital needs and make appropriate investments in manufacturing equipment and facilities.   Funds that are not needed for these purposes are returned to our shareholders through cash dividends and repurchases of our common stock.    The Company's Board of Directors has authorized ten

In commemoration of 35 years of trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Company representatives took part in the Closing Bell ceremony on September 9, 2005.

Winnebago Industries, Inc. Thor Industries, Inc. Monaco Coach Corporation Coachmen Industries, Inc. Fleetwood Enterprises, Inc. National RV Holding, Inc.
Competitive comparison information obtained from last 12 months public filings. ROA, ROE and ROIC are based on average assets, average equity and average invested capital.



Long-Term Growth

 While we are currently in a difficult motor home market, we continue to believe in the growth fundamentals of our business.  Long-term demographic trends continue to favor motor home market growth as the baby-boom generation continues to enter the prime motor home buying age of 50 years old and older.  According to the 2001 University of Michigan "RV Consumer Demographic Profile," a study of the RV consumer, the age at which the motor home consumer is purchasing motor homes has broadened.  For instance, the study showed that motor home buyers have entered the market earlier than in the past, as young as 35 years old, while there has also been growth in the market of people over the age of 75 due to Americans staying active and living longer and healthier lives.  RV industry economist, Dr. Richard Curtin, Director of Consumer Surveys at the University of Michigan, indicated in his Fall 2005 forecast that he also believes the RV indus-

try will continue to grow.  While Dr. Curtin believes there will be a "mild reaction" by consumers to current economic conditions, he believes there will be long-term growth in RV sales due to the positive demographic trends previously mentioned.    The theme for Winnebago Industries' 2005 Annual Report is travel.  Why focus on travel?  Because our owners have told us that they intend to continue to travel even in light of the recent increases in fuel prices.  Surveys conducted of new owners of Winnebago and Itasca motor homes show that 28 percent intend to travel between 1,000 and 5,000 miles per year, an additional 47 percent intend to travel between 5,000 and 10,000 miles per year, while the remaining 25 percent intend to travel over 10,000 miles per year.    Research conducted by the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association (RVIA) shows RVers spend more time enjoying the campground experience and their active outdoor lifestyle activities and perhaps less on the road, but it's important to note that they still intend to travel and have the flexibility to cut costs by staying closer to home or taking fewer trips per year.  The RV experience, whether for a weekend or a week or more, continues to be a low-cost way to spend high-quality time with loved ones.  Even with today's higher fuel prices, RV travel is a great value.   Fuel price hikes increase the cost of all modes of travel and transportation.   RVIA's Summer 2005 vacation cost comparison research shows that RV trips remain the most affordable way for a family to travel because of the significant savings on hotels and restaurant costs.  Motor homes are discretionary purchase items and as such, Winnebago Industries is subject to cyclical swings in demand.  With an expanded product line and a full complement of new 2006 Winnebago and Itasca products, we are ready and able to meet the challenge when the economic cycle again swings toward growth.  Long-term, we continue to believe in the growth in our industry and Winnebago Industries.  We also believe the Company's long-term growth prospects will provide abundant opportunities for our employees, dealers, suppliers and for you, our shareholders, as we look into the future.

Bruce D. Hertzke Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Edwin F. Barker President and Chief Financial Officer November 10, 2005 Pictured above are Bruce Hertzke (right) and Ed Barker. 

