Dear Shareholders,
In Fiscal 2015, we experienced changes in our organization, made several strategic investments for our future and revised our strategy in certain areas. From an organizational standpoint, and as a way of introduction, I was appointed to the position of chairman of the board in Lawrence Erickson early August and interim CEO in late September following the retirement of former CEO Randy Potts. I have been a member of Winnebago's board of directors since 2005. I will continue to serve as interim CEO until our board has found a permanent replacement. Our search is well under way, and during this time of transition, your executive management team continues to work closely with the board to execute existing and new initiatives, while managing the company to maximize shareholder value. On the strategic front, we undertook several strategic investments aimed at enhancing our competitive position over the long term, while also generating profitability, growing operating cash flow and maintaining a solid balance sheet. Moreover, late in the fiscal year we made additional operational decisions geared towards improving labor capacity and profitability. I will cover these in greater detail following a review of our Fiscal 2015 financial results. Key Financial Highlights During Fiscal 2015 we generated revenues of $976.5 million, an improvement of 3.3% over last fiscal year, driven by strong performance in our Class B and C motorized products and very strong growth within our towables group, where revenues increased 23.3% from Fiscal 2014. Operating cash flow improved 95% year over year. However, profitability was nominally lower than last year, partly attributable to spending for our two strategic initiatives related to ERP implementation and strategic sourcing. Additionally, labor inefficiencies impacted financial results for the year, although improved sequentially in the second half of

the year. That being said, we acknowledge there is opportunity for additional progress in the area of labor, and to this end, we will be implementing changes to our operations and making investments in training, onboarding and safety programs across all levels of the organization in Fiscal 2016. Our balance sheet remains strong with cash of approximately $70 million and no debt at the end of Fiscal 2015, supporting both future growth initiatives and shareholder value enhancement. As we move into the new fiscal year, we plan to continue to follow a balanced strategy of investing in our businesses, maintaining a strong and flexible financial position and returning cash to shareholders through our cash dividend and potential share repurchases through our existing share buyback program. Moreover, we are proud to have been named to Fortune's list of Fastest-Growing Companies for the third consecutive year based on our three-year profit, revenue and stock growth. Winnebago was the only RV manufacturer named to the list. This honor is a testament to the accomplishments our employees have achieved to further elevate our storied and iconic brand. Investing in our Future During Fiscal 2015 we made several strategic investments to support our operations and strengthen our foundation for success well into the future. In the second quarter of Fiscal 2015 we began two strategic initiatives. First, an ERP system upgrade project was implemented to replace our legacy financial and operation systems to provide better support for our changing business needs and future growth. Once fully operational, we believe this system will deliver long-term cost savings through supply chain management optimization and operational improvements. Second, we initiated a strategic sourcing project which will standardize our purchasing processes, optimize our supplier relationships and improve our current sourcing methodologies with the goal to reduce our costs in these areas. We realized some early benefits of the strategic sourcing project in the Fiscal 2015 fourth quarter, and believe it will improve overall gross margin by up to a half percentage point in Fiscal 2016. We are pleased with the progression our teams made on both of these initiatives in Fiscal 2015. Within our motorized group, we took steps to improve our

2016 Winnebago Industries Era and Travato

Winnebago Industries Corporate Headquarters in Forest City, Iowa labor capacity through the purchase of a building in Waverly, Iowa, where we will manufacture wire loom assemblies for motorhomes. We've completed the necessary modifications to the building, and recently began manufacturing operations, with the goal to be fully staffed in Fiscal 2016. Within our towables group, we purchased the previously leased towables assembly facilities in Middlebury, Indiana, exemplifying our commitment to growing our market share and underscoring the confidence we have in our ability to execute in the long term within this business. In fact, Fiscal 2015 was a pivotal year for Towables, as this group's operating income doubled over last year. Thus far in Fiscal 2016, we have continued our efforts to improve operations, announcing the planned exit of our bus and aluminum extrusion operations, which we believe will increase profitability and add production capacity for our higher margin motorhome business. Product Highlights In Fiscal 2015, consumer demand for our products was strong. Retail registrations grew 16% for motorized and 14% for towables, based on internally reported retail information. This strong performance is attributable to consumers' acceptance of our product lines, including many of the new, innovative products that we introduced over the past few years. In particular, the Mercedes-Benz® Sprinter and Ram ProMaster chassis provided the opportunity to create innovative products that meet the needs of a growing customer base and drove improved demand for our Class B and C motorized products. On the towables side, where demand and enthusiasm by consumers is very robust, we expanded our offering lineup through the introduction of a toy hauler product line, including the Spyder and Scorpion, both of which set the standard in features and value for those who love to play in the outdoors. In closing, for more than 50 years, Winnebago Industries has been the standard for quality and innovation in our industry. Today, we are a leading United States manufacturer of motorhomes, with a great opportunity to expand our presence in the vast towables market. All of our successes would not be possible without the hard work and dedication of everyone on the line at our manufacturing and assembly locations and throughout our dealer network. Most of all, it is due to the loyal customers and savvy RV enthusiasts who recognize Winnebago Industries' commitment to excellence. We are proud of the progress we have made in Fiscal 2015 and look forward to an exciting future as we continue to reinvent our iconic Winnebago brand, while also driving future value for our shareholders.

Lawrence Erickson Chairman of the Board October 27, 2015 2016 Winnebago Industries Minnie Winnie

