2010 Letter to Shareholders Moving Forward
they began to restock their inventories. We continue to monitor retail activity on a daily basis to ensure that we are running our factory at appropriate levels.  We are pleased that after two years of contraction, dealer inventory levels have also stabilized. During the year, our dealers worked diligently to decrease the amount of aged products on their lots and they can now focus on replacing their inventory as the products are retailed.

Moving Forward With Innovation:
Winnebago Industries' Chairman, CEO and President Bob Olson.  We were glad to close the books on Fiscal 2009 and move forward to Fiscal 2010 with a renewed sense of optimism. During the past year we've continued to evolve to meet new challenges and ever-changing business conditions. Our company, and the entire recreation vehicle (RV) industry, has been rigorously tested and, as a result, we have reflected and sought to improve on every aspect of our business. As we move forward, we are managing our business for profitability, developing innovative new products to excite our motor home buyers and planning for a prosperous future.

 Winnebago Industries has long been known as an industry leader in innovation. More than 55 percent of our 2010 model year product was new or redesigned, with innovative product offerings that include: fuel efficient Class A motor homes with highway mileage of 18 mpg, 42-foot Class A diesel pusher products that rival anything we have previously built in this class and several new floorplans in our conventional Class A gas product lines that offer enhanced function and livability usually only available for diesel powered products.  We plan to continue to build upon our Class A momentum and freshen our Class C lines with the introduction of our 2011 model year products:

Moving Forward with Profitability:

 We feel fortunate to be in a much better position than we were just one year ago in all aspects of our business, most notably from a financial perspective.  Throughout this past year, we have experienced improvement in revenues, gross profit, net income and liquidity. We ended the year with $74.7 million in cash and cash equivalents. We also have in place a $20 million line of credit and a $35 million shelf registration statement for common stock, in the event we should need more capital for expansion or diversification and to help support our liquidity needs if the recovery is not sustainable and we have to continue to manage through challenging economic conditions.  As a result of new product development and increased wholesale orders, we began increasing our production rate in the first quarter of Fiscal 2010. This was accomplished through a combination of hiring an additional 350 full time employees and through the utilization of overtime. The production increase has allowed us to meet the increased needs of our dealers as

2011 Winnebago Tour XX We've taken our flagship diesel products, the Winnebago Tour and Itasca Ellipse, to the next level in design, innovation and eye appeal with an exterior and interior redesign. The new exterior design incorporates eye catching front and rear caps featuring LED lights, while the inside features a new dash design, furniture styling and the new 42QD tag-axle floorplans. XX The new Winnebago Journey and Itasca Meridian feature a new 40U  quad-slide floorplan. XX The unique Winnebago Via and Itasca Reyo 2011 Itasca Reyo product se-

ries include a new 25Q floorplan for 2011. The all-new double slide 25Q is the first double slide Class A motor home in the industry on a Mercedes Sprinter chassis. XX Our Class A gas lineup is also turning heads with the introduction of two new floorplans on the value priced Winnebago Vista and Itasca Sunstar lineup ­ the 35F with a new bath and a half design and 36D double-slide floorplan.

2011 Itasca Ellipse 42QD successful in the marketplace, helping us achieve Class A diesel market share of 13.6 percent in the United States (U.S.) for the first eight months of calendar 2010, an increase of 24.8 percent compared to 10.9 percent market share for the same period in calendar 2009.  Our Class A gas U.S. market share is 23.3 percent for the first eight months of calendar 2010, compared to 23.1 percent for the same period in 2009. Winnebago Industries led the total Class A market with 18.4 percent market share through August of calendar 2010 versus 16.5 percent for the same period of calendar 2009.  While we have seen improvement in our Class A market share, we did, however, experience a decline in our Class C U.S. market share with 17.7 percent through August of calendar 2010, compared to 22.6 percent for the same period in calendar 2009. In addition to increased competitive pricing pressures in the Class C product, particularly at the entry level, we believe this decline resulted primarily from large volume RV rental operators increasing their fleet purchases in early calendar 2010. While our company participated in some of this volume, we chose not to pursue a large percentage of fleet rental business due to considerably lower margins. The decrease in our Class C market share has also caused our combined Class A and C market share to decline to 18.1 percent for the first eight months of calendar 2010 from 19.1 percent for the same period in calendar 2009.  While we are disappointed in our Class C market share decline, we are pleased with our growth in the Class A market, which traditionally provides a higher margin return.  We are also pleased with our combined Class A and C market share growth in Canada, which at 18.2 percent for the first seven months of calendar 2010, has more than doubled from the 9.0 percent share held by Winnebago Industries for the same period in calendar 2009.

2011 Winnebago Sightseer 33C

XX The Winnebago Sightseer and Itasca Sunova also have a new 36V double-slide in their 2011 model year lineup with Winnebago Industries' exclusive Extendable Sectional sofa that expands to create seating for seven. XX The new 26Q Winnebago Access and Itasca Impulse are additions to and lead our new 2011 Class C model year offerings. The Access and Impulse also have new Premier and Silver packages for model year 2011 that include exterior and interior appointments that take these coaches to the next level. XX The 2011 View Profile and Itasca Navion iQ models feature the new 24G floorplan. This new floorplan has two slideout rooms - the first Sprinter-based Class C in the industry with this offering.

2011 Winnebago View Profile

 Our 2010 model year products, particularly the Winnebago Via and Itasca Reyo, as well as the Winnebago Tour and Itasca Ellipse, were extremely

Statistical Surveys Inc. General Manager Tom Walworth (center) presents Bob Olson (right) and Roger Martin (left) with an award for Winnebago Industries having the highest Class A & C combined retail sales in the industry for calendar 2009.

Moving Forward with Lean Efficiencies:

 We continue to focus on practices of continual improvement and lean manufacturing (or simply, "lean"), a process we began more than a decade ago. Lean is a process management philosophy which seeks to identify and remove non-value added activities (waste) within the organization. Although the majority of the emphasis to date has been focused on the manufacturing process, lean practices have also been implemented in other areas throughout the Company.  Lean is truly a journey, not a destination. We utilize many tools in the lean process such as value stream mapping, Kaizen ( Japanese for `improvement' or "change for the better"), 5S system (which focuses on a systematic approach for productivity, quality and safety improvement), cellular/flow manufacturing, setup reduction, pull systems/Kanban (scheduling system) and lean office. We have also begun to utilize scoreboarding which provides better communication and measurements to help align corporate goals from the top down to front line employees. This is one more tool we can use to assist in the production and delivery of our high quality and innovative products.

 With the national economic environment in Fiscal 2010 slightly improved from a year ago, we have seen solid improvement in almost all aspects of our business. However, we have a long way to go to return to a more typical business environment. Now that dealers have cleared out aged inventory and are restocking with new innovative products, we believe the market for our products at the dealer level will be driven by improved retail demand as the economy recovers.  Historically, the key economic indicators affecting the RV industry are interest rates and consumer confidence. For best results, we need low interest rates and high consumer confidence levels. While interest rates are now at historically low levels and consumer financing has shown improvement, consumer confidence appears to be the missing link in the motor home industry recovery.  We do have reason for optimism, however. According to the Harris Interactive consumer survey conducted in 2010, 90 percent of current owners agreed that "RVing provides an escape from everyday stress and pressure." The Harris study also points out that although the rate at which current owners purchase another RV has likely slowed, they remain our best and most loyal customers. In addition, the Harris study shows that the majority of prior owners (61 percent) and potential non-owner purchasers (59 percent) also agreed that owning an RV would enable them to travel more affordably and more frequently in retirement.  Based on these factors, we have a long-term growth forecast for the company as we believe that as the economy continues to improve, there will be increased demand for our products. An increase in retail demand for our products will be the next required driver for growth.  Leading economists have recently declared that the recession was over in June 2009. While there are limited signs of improvement, we don't believe the effects of the recession are over and we have a long road ahead before we experience full recovery in the RV industry. As we move forward, however, I wish to thank our shareholders for your perseverance, our dealers, who in our view continue to be the best dealer network in the RV industry, and our dedicated employees who have sacrificed so much for the good of the company. We move forward feeling confident of a better future.

Moving Forward with Optimism:

Winnebago Industries personnel were honored to ring the Closing Bell on the NYSE on September 9, 2010 in honor of the 40th anniversary of the Company's listing.

Robert J. Olson Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President October 26, 2010

