To Our Fellow Shareholders

Bob Olson Chairman, CEO and President

Focused
 There is no doubt that Fiscal 2009 was one of the most challenging years in our 51-year history. Industry wholesale shipments of Class A and C motor homes are forecasted to be 10,400 units for Calendar 2009, which would be the lowest volume ever recorded since official records began in 1971 and 60 percent lower than the 26,400 units shipped in Calendar 2008, according to the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association (RVIA).  These depressed shipments resulted from a recession in the national economy, a difficult credit environment and historically low consumer confidence. These same factors had a negative impact on the utilization of our plant facilities, severely impacted the number of units we delivered to our dealer partners and our dealers reduced their inventory levels to historic low levels.  Results for Fiscal 2009 were also negatively impacted by wholesale and retail product incentives required to move units in the face of aggressive discounting by certain competitors, some of whom were failing or were going through bankruptcy.  In order to navigate through this downturn, we took extensive steps to reduce costs and conserve capital during Fiscal 2009: Employee Related Cost Savings Initiatives: XX Employee head count reduced by 28 percent to a total of 1,630 employees as of August 29, 2009, in addition to the 32 percent reduction in Fiscal 2008 XX Across-the-board salary reductions mid-year ranging from 3 to 20 percent, along with a hiring freeze and two weeks of mandatory unpaid leave XX 401(k) match reduced XX No stock compensation granted Other Cost Savings and Capital Conservation Initiatives: XX Cash dividend payments suspended to conserve capital starting in the second quarter for savings of $3.5 million per quarter XX Cancellation of certain promotional events and expenditures such as our annual Dealer Days event  In response to challenging market conditions, we aggressively managed our working capital with an inventory reduction of $63.7 million during the fiscal year. We borrowed $9.1 million from a broker, at no net cost, against a portion of our $13.5 million of auction rate securities, and expect to receive the remaining $4.4 million in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2010. During Fiscal 2009, we also received $8.9 million in cash from redemptions of a portion of other remaining auction rate securities. We have the ability to carryback the majority of our 2009 losses to Fiscal 2007, which should result in a tax refund of approximately $17 million in the second quarter of Fiscal 2010. As of August 29, 2009, we had $36.6 million in cash compared to $17.9 million at the end of Fiscal 2008.  While challenges remain, we have worked extremely hard during the past year to mold Winnebago Industries into a smarter, leaner and more focused company; a company we believe is poised to lead the industry with innovative new products.

Focused on New Products
 While economic factors are not within our control, the products we bring to the market certainly are. While some competing manufacturers appear to be satisfied by simply rebranding their 2009 products as 2010 models, we have focused our resources on research and development to create

an extremely innovative motor home lineup in order to position ourselves to increase market share.  When we introduced the new 2010 products to consumers at our Winnebago Itasca Travelers (WIT) Club's Grand National Rally this past July, the response was overwhelmingly positive. From top to bottom, we raised the bar in creating cutting-edge, innovative products with exciting floorplans and features and an emphasis on form, function and styling. We added more diesel availability to our Class A lineup, including the new fuel-efficient Winnebago Via and Itasca Reyo. Add in our industry leading Class C products and our 2010 lineup has something for everyone. Highlights of Winnebago Industries' new 2010 model year lineup include: XX Fuel-efficient Winnebago Via and Itasca Reyo - The Winnebago Via and Itasca Reyo are the first Class A diesel motor homes built on the Dodge/Mercedes-Benz Sprinter chassis with anticipated fuel economy of 15-18 mpg. These 25-foot, fresh, innovative and fully equipped motor homes are slated to provide the highest fuel efficiency currently available in a Class A motor home, along with superior handling and maneuverability. New industry first "expandable" sectional sofa in the 2010 Itasca Ellipse XX Winnebago Vista and Itasca Sunstar - Enhanced interior styling and an all-new exterior look are just two of the features of the totally-redesigned Vista and Sunstar for 2010. These value-priced Class A motor homes also offer a new 30W floorplan for 2010. XX Winnebago Sightseer and Itasca Sunova - The popular Class A product lines, the Winnebago Sightseer and Itasca Sunova were taken to a new level for 2010 with enhanced exterior and interior styling. The Sightseer and Sunova are available in four floorplans, including a new 33-foot model for 2010. XX New model offerings in Winnebago Journey, Journey Express and Itasca Meridian, Meridian V Class - The diesel Winnebago Journey and Itasca Meridian, as well as the new Winnebago Journey Express and Itasca Meridian V Class form an unbeatable combination in 2010. Each features two exciting floorplans and a host of key features. The new Journey Express and Meridian V Class are value leaders, while the Journey and Meridian are built on Winnebago Industries' Maxum chassis and offer maximum storage and a host of floorplan configurations for true floorplan flexibility. XX Unbeatable Winnebago Adventurer and Itasca Suncruiser - The Winnebago Adventurer and Itasca Suncruiser lines are an RVer's dream and will be hard to beat with five exciting floorplans, three of which are new or modified for 2010. Well-rounded chassis selections give the Adventurer and Suncruiser even broader appeal with a selection of Ford, Workhorse and, new for 2010, Freightliner's front engine diesel (FRED) chassis on select models. XX New Winnebago View Profile - This Sprinter chassis based "low-profile" Class C combines innovative design, creative use of space and fuel efficiency in a compact package that delivers full-size comfort and livability. 2010 Winnebago View Profile

U.S. Dept. of Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Dept. of Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood participated in the Forum on Stimulating Economic Vitality and Resource Conservation in Washington DC featuring the Winnebago Via as a "green" RV. XX Top-of-the-line Class A diesel Winnebago Tour and Itasca Ellipse - The premium 2010 Tour and Ellipse go to new lengths this year with three new floorplans and one modified floorplan, complete with an exciting new 42foot tag axle model. The quad-slide 42AD is feature-filled with such highlights as a unique, expandable sectional sofa, 40-inch LCD TV, fully equipped galley and upscale cab area including UltraLeather cab seats with a new heated seat option for 2010.

 Prior to the retail unveiling at the WIT rally, our dealer body was introduced to our new 2010 lineup through an innovative multi-media presentation and one-on-one meetings at our dealWinnebago Itasca Travelers Club ers' locations and the members wait in line to see the new feedback we received Via debut at the Grand National Rally was again overwhelmheld in Forest City in July 2009. ingly positive. As evidence of the positive response to our new products in the marketplace, our sales order backlog was 940 motor homes at August 29, 2009, an increase of approximately 58 percent compared to the end of Fiscal 2008; particularly strong in our Class A gas and diesel products. With this positive response, as well as distress on the part of many of our major competitors, we anticipate gaining shelf space on dealers' lots throughout the coming months.

Winnebago Industries' Vice President, Sales and Marketing Roger Martin (left) and Chairman, CEO and President, Bob Olson (right) accept the Quality Circle Award for the 13th consecutive year from the Recreation Vehicle Dealer Association's President Larry Troutt.  Winnebago Industries' market share has also increased during the past year. According to Statistical Surveys, Inc., the retail reporting service for the RV industry, Winnebago Industries' has gained market share in the combined Class A and C U.S. motor home markets with 19.1 percent for the first eight months of Calendar 2009, compared to 18.5 percent for the same period last year. We are particularly pleased with our market share gain in the Class A diesel product segment with 10.8 percent market share for the first eight months of Calendar 2009 compared to 7.6 percent for the same period last year.

Focused on the Future
 We are cautiously optimistic about the future. The recession appears to have bottomed out and consumer confidence has improved from its recent low in February 2009. Because the recession was so pervasive throughout the U.S. economy,

we anticipate a slow and possibly unsteady recovery for the RV market versus an immediate return to more normal shipment levels.  The credit environment remains difficult at both the wholesale and retail levels. Floorplan lending institutions continue to manage dealer inventories very closely with an emphasis on the aging of inventory and the number of times a dealer turns his inventory each year. Shipments to dealers have remained well below retail sales throughout Fiscal 2009 as dealers reduced their inventory. As a result, Winnebago Industries' dealer inventory declined to 1,694 motor homes as of August 29, 2009, a decrease of approximately 54 percent since the end of Fiscal 2008. At these historically low levels and with the economy starting to show signs of improvement, we expect our dealer partners to start replenishing their inventories soon in order to satisfy retail demand going forward.  While we see glimmers of improvement in the marketplace, we are carefully balancing our need to increase production as needed to meet the improved demand for our products, while keeping our overhead costs as low as possible. We are currently utilizing overtime and then cautiously increasing staffing levels as needed to keep our sales order backlog within reasonable levels. It is important that we have the ability to ramp-up production to respond to the market once that recovery occurs.  In the past year, several RV manufacturers have closed their doors, while others have gone through bankruptcy. Winnebago Industries is one of the RV manufacturers that weathered these difficult economic times and continues to offer quality products, parts, warranty and service to our dealer partners and retail customers. We have proven we are in this business for the long term and that we are a company that stands behind its products.  In light of the changing and uncertain market and economic conditions as we enter Fiscal 2010, we will continue to take all the necessary steps to ensure adequate liquidity, manage our balance sheet and costs and preserve our ability to make investments in products and processes important to our long-term growth and profitability.  The Winnebago Industries of today is focused and lean, grounded in reality and driven by a passion for innovation. While it is unclear how long it will take for the RV market to recover, we firmly believe that consumers will not abandon the RV lifestyle that they hold so dear. The RV industry will once again thrive and it is our intention to remain the motor home leader, delivering what we believe are the highest quality products in the marketplace.  We thank our employees for their outstanding effort and dedication in these challenging times and greatly appreciate the continued support of our shareholders.

Robert J. Olson Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President October 27, 2009

