To My Fellow Shareholders:
Winnebago Industries, Inc. completed fiscal
2001 with its third highest net revenues and net
income in its history, in spite of the economic challenges we faced as a nation. We believe the
Company's performance in fiscal 2001 is a result of
the excellent acceptance of our new products, the
solid performance of our dealer partners, our brand
name recognition and strong quality reputation - all
of which are competitive advantages in the market-
place.
On the following pages, we will detail many
advantages that have contributed to Winnebago
Industries' success during fiscal 2001, and which we
believe will continue to have a positive impact on our
future.
Financial measurements show that Winnebago
Industries is leading the RV industry in:
• Return on Shareholders' Equity
• Return on Assets
• Operating Margin
• Net Profit Margin
Since fiscal 1997 we have chosen to refocus on
our core motor home business with an emphasis on
new product development. Through this product
development process, over 65% of our 2002 motor
homes were introduced as brand new products with
innovative new features. We have also emphasized
additional and improved sales and service programs,
and the manufacturing of high quality products.
As a result of this change in focus, we've experienced healthy market share gains. Winnebago
Industries' market share is up 10 percent calendar
year to date through September 2001 versus one year
ago, placing us in the number one position in com-
bined Class A and C retail sales for the first time in
20 years. Certainly, this is a very significant achievement for the Company.
According to Statistical Surveys, Inc., the recreation vehicle (RV) retail reporting firm, Winnebago
Industries achieved 18.9 percent of the combined
Class A and C retail market nationally calendar year
to date through September 2001 versus 17.2 percent
for the same period last year.
Winnebago Industries believes that it also leads the
industry in RV manufacturing technology. We continue
to refine our systems and processes to enhance our ability to increase quality, while maximizing the productivity of our workforce and facilities.
To further enhance shareholder value, in March
2001, Winnebago Industries' Board of Directors
authorized the repurchase of up to $15 million of the
Company' s common stock. Since November 1997
through November 12, 2001, Winnebago Industries
has had five repurchase programs, repurchasing
approximately 5.9 million shares, or 23 percent, of
the Company's outstanding stock as of November
1997.
We are encouraged by the continued reduction in
interest rates, and the acceptance of our new prod-
ucts, however, the economic environment since the
September 11 tragedy leads us to be cautious about
the next couple of quarters. Long-term, however,
demographics are still in our favor as our target market of consumers age 50 and older is expected to
increase for the next 30 years.
Winnebago Industries was pleased to have
received six consecutive Quality Circle Awards from
the Recreation Vehicle Dealers Association. These
awards are testaments to the Company's emphasis on
quality in its total operation. By providing our customers with the highest quality motor homes with
industry-leading sales and service programs, while
creating solid working relationships with our deal-
er partners and our dedicated employees, we are
ultimately delivering the best value for the owners
of our corporation -- you, our shareholders.
Winnebago Industries is the leading motor home
manufacturer and believes that it has the competitive advantages necessary to continue to grow our
market share and enhance our shareholder value
well into the future.
Bruce D. Hertzke
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer and President