Chairman’s Letter
In 2009, Whirlpool Corporation faced one of the most challenging global economic environments we’ve seen in decades. At this time last year, all major markets were deteriorating, and we anticipated higher material costs, volatile currencies and significant revenue decline as consumers delayed appliance purchases. We made key operating decisions and took swift actions to ensure the long-term strength of Whirlpool Corporation. While challenges remain, the actions we took in 2009, and our commitment to our brand value-creation strategy, enabled us to deliver solid results and, ultimately, strengthened our company’s overall position.
Our very focused approach to cash flow generation and cost management, combined with our continued investments in innovation, enabled us to deliver solid performance given the challenging economic backdrop. We took the necessary steps to ensure our ongoing leadership position in the appliance industry and focused on our core strengths. As a result, we exceeded all operating metrics that we set for the year.
Improving the lives of consumers — in and around the home — each and every day remains central to everything we do. We look for opportunities to drive value creation throughout our business while also enhancing the environment and society through our partnerships. And, in 2009, we continued to be recognized for our global leadership, commitment to sustainability, global design and innovation. We have an outstanding portfolio of brands, strong innovation, and the skills and talent to deliver long-term and sustainable value creation.
LONG-TERM VALUE CREATION GOALS
Sales 5–7% ANNUAL GROWTH
Free Cash Flow* 4–5% OF SALES *For a definition of Free Cash Flow, see page 92.
  Earnings Per Share
10–15% ANNUAL GROWTH
 3

2009 FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
During the year, we significantly improved our global cost structure and operating performance. We generated record free cash flow and continued to invest in critical business initiatives and new product innovations.
Net sales fell 10 percent to $17.1 billion in 2009, and earnings per share were $4.34 compared to $5.50 in the prior year. Operating profit improved by 25 percent despite the substantial revenue and production decline.
SOLId RESULTS dESPITE A dIFFICULT ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT
Facing the macroeconomic challenges, we set three operating priorities in 2009: 1) reduce our global cost structure; 2) focus on disciplined cash management; and 3) focus on marketplace execution.
We were able to significantly lower our break-even point through structural cost reductions across the organization. We also continued redesigning our products for innovation with global standards for parts and components. These actions lowered costs and improved the speed of innovation to market. We are applying that same methodology to other product categories to globally eliminate unnecessary complexity. This approach will help us continue to bring even more globally competitive and innovative products to the marketplace.
In 2009, we generated record free cash flow. Our aggressive focus on working capital reduction, particularly in the area of finished goods inventory, resulted in a substantial source of cash flow during the year.
 4
2009 ExTERNAL RECOGNITION
• Ranked sixth in the electronics industry on Fortune magazine’s World’s Most Admired Companies list.
• Named to the 2009 list of Top Companies for Leaders, ranking ninth for North America and 15th globally.
• Named one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens (#51) by Corporate Responsibility Officer magazine, marking the eighth time Whirlpool Corporation has been named to the list.
• Named one of the Top 10 Most Respected U.S. Companies by the Reputation Institute and Forbes.com.

Our market productivity goals were to achieve a positive balance between our product price, mix and share. During the year, we maintained or grew market share for our brands in all of our major markets, a strong sign that our exciting new branded products were well received by consumers. Strategic positioning of our global brand portfolio enabled us to deliver diverse products that provide the value consumers seek.
Our sharp focus on these three priorities helped improve our operating margin 1.1 points, to 4 percent, during the year despite the substantial decline in revenues and production levels.
Another major factor that drove our performance for the year was our strong employee alignment around our 2009 operating priorities. The focus, passion and commitment by our employees around the world drove our operating results and success during the year.
2010 PRIORITIES
While we expect the macroeconomic environment to improve slightly, cost reduction, cash flow generation and market execution remain key operating priorities. These efforts, combined with our commitment to create value by building strong brands fueled by innovative product offerings, will provide us with growth opportunities throughout the year.
Our strong focus on cost reduction across the company will continue with additional cost takeout actions designed to improve productivity and manufacturing capacity utilization. These actions will help offset expected raw material cost increases and lead to improved operating margins.
 • Named to the Newsweek Green Rankings, a list of the 500 greenest big companies in America. Whirlpool Corporation ranked 78th on the list.
• NamedoneoftheTop50U.S.companiesforSocialResponsibilitybytheBostonCollege Center for Corporate Citizenship and the Reputation Institute, ranking 23rd.
• Recognized with the 2009 ENERGY STAR® Sustained Excellence award by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE). This is the company’s 10th ENERGY STAR award and fourth consecutive Sustained Excellence win.
• Achieved a record year for design awards under our global portfolio of brands, with more than 30 honors. The awards recognize the company’s commitment to sustainabil- ity, design and style, and social responsibility.
5

Cash flow also remains a key priority. We remain focused on generating solid free cash flow during 2010 as we manage to more stable consumer demand levels in developed markets.
We expect to continue to strengthen our market position by providing a strong value to our trade customers and consumers through our branded product innovations. Our pipeline of new product innovations remains strong, and we are accelerating the number of new products we will bring to market in 2010. Highlights of our new product innovations are shown throughout this report.
We will continue to invest in our business, as we did in 2009, funding research and development and capital expenditures. These investments are expected to deliver innovative products in every major category around the world during the next 12 months and reflect the commitment we have to bringing new consumer-relevant innovation to the market. Innovation offers a sustainable competitive advantage for Whirlpool Corporation as innovative products and services attract consumers to our global portfolio of brands and generate higher margins.
One example is the new Whirlpool brand Vantage laundry pair that we will introduce to the North American market later this year. The product features LCD touch-screen controls and the industry’s first USB port, which allows consumers to update and customize washing cycles and other controls. Finally, the craftsmanship of this product is a leap forward from the industry’s best-in-class models.
3.5% 3.0% 2.5% 2.0% 1.5% 1.0% 0.5% 0.0%
2008 2009
INNOVATION INVESTMENT
    3.2%
 2.9%
 2.7%
 2.3%
       6
(% to Sales)
R&d Capex

 POSITIONEd TO CREATE VALUE
I’ve never been prouder to be associated with Whirlpool Corporation — its people and its values — than I am today. In 2009, I witnessed the power that comes from 67,000 employees aligned to a common set of goals. Our financial performance was the result of decisive actions and extraordinary commitment by every person associated with Whirlpool Corporation. Together, we are emerging from one of the most challenging economic environments as an even stronger company.
While the economy remains volatile, we are well positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities and create significant value for shareholders in 2010 and beyond.
We have a clear strategy, trusted global brands, passionate and engaged employees, and a commitment to innovation. We are making a sustainable difference in everything we do and touch to meet consumer needs, generate shareholder value and contribute to the well-being of current and future generations. We are well on our way to successfully managing through the global financial crisis and are committed to performing at levels that will continue to create value for our shareholders.
Sincerely,
JEFF M. FETTIG
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 7
