By many measures, 2008 was a challenging year for Whirlpool Corporation. Our global business was impacted by one of the most volatile economic environments we have seen in decades. We experienced a steep decline in consumer demand for appliances, significant and rapid fluctuations
in currency exchange rates, and we continued to face high material and oil-related costs.
Despite the global economic volatility, we maintained Ñ and in some areas grew Ñ market position for our leading global brands. This is a testament to the strength of our global brand portfolio, product innovation and the value we bring to consumers.
whirlpool corporation
p. 1

whirlpool corporation p. 2
We have taken, and will continue to implement, significant actions in all areas of the business to address this highly volatile and uncertain economic environment. Now, more than ever, we are aggressively delivering all elements of our brand value creation strategy Ñ focusing on attracting and retaining consumers to our brands with innovation, providing excellent service and value to trade customers, and driving lower costs and higher product quality across our global operations.
These steps, combined with continued investment in Ñ and consumer preference for Ñ our brands, position us well to endure this difficult period. During our nearly 100-year history, we have endured other difficult times. I am confident that, at some point, the economy will improve and consumer demand will return to more normal levels. And when it does, we stand ready with even better products, more consumer-relevant innovations, more efficient operations and, ultimately, an even stronger company.
 BrAND plATfOrm
Best consumer position
 TrADe plATfOrm
Best trade position
 glOBAl OperATINg plATfOrm
Best cost, Quality and Delivery position
  
2008 Financial perFormance
Net sales for the year fell 3 percent to $18.9 billion. Diluted earnings from continuing operations were $5.50 versus $8.10 in the prior year. Our operating earnings fell by 48 percent, and free cash flow fell by more than $600 million to negative levels.
Our latin America and Asia operations delivered strong sales and operating profit even as growth in these markets slowed. Our results in North America and europe were impacted by weak industry demand and higher material and freight costs.
2009 priorities
As we continue to navigate through what we expect to be a prolonged economic downturn, we are focused on the following three priorities:
reduce our global cost structure
We are taking aggressive actions to redesign our products with global standards for parts and components. This proven global approach lowers costs, improves quality and speeds our time from design to market. The difficult decision to close five manufacturing facilities and reduce approximately 5,000 positions globally will allow us to further reduce costs and operate more efficiently in 2009. We are aggressively managing all costs in every part of our business to rapidly adjust our cost structure to current and expected global demand levels.
whirlpool corporation
p. 3

whirlpool corporation p. 4
Focus on cash generation
We are taking steps to ensure that we can appropriately invest in our business, reduce overall debt levels and lower our overall working capital. We have reduced spending in all non-product areas while still investing in new products and innovations, including exciting new product launches in every major product category in all regions in 2009. Innovation attracts consumers to our global portfolio of brands and generates higher margins. As such, we are making continued and focused investments in innovation, and our pipeline remains robust.
We expect the combination of lower costs in non- product areas, lower inventory levels and higher margins from new products to generate the resources needed to fund our business.
strong market focus
While we expect consumer demand to decline further in 2009, given the current economic outlook, we also expect to maintain and grow our global market position. We will do this by ensuring that our branded products, particularly our newest innovations, represent a strong value to our trade customers and consumers.

One recent example is the introduction of our high- efficiency Maytag performance series laundry pair. This innovative laundry pair commands higher margins while delivering great value to consumers in the form of lower energy and water bills. energy efficiency represents a great financial value to consumers, especially during these tough economic times. Whirlpool Corporation offers the widest array of energy and water efficient appliances to the global marketplace.
the roaD aheaD
We have a clear understanding of the global dynamics of every part of our business, and we expect the external economic volatility we experienced in 2008 to continue through 2009. We are taking all the necessary actions to deliver the best results possible during this period, but equally important, we are taking the right actions to ensure that we emerge from this economic period as an even stronger company that will offer significant value creation for you, our shareholders.
whirlpool corporation
p. 5

whirlpool corporation p. 6
The decisive and thoughtful actions we are taking today will significantly lower our overall cost structure. Our brands, our product innovation and our overall execution will only get better during
this challenging period. With these fundamentals
in place, we will be very well positioned to capitalize on our growth opportunities when the global economy recovers to normal growth levels.
Our greatest asset remains the talented, dedicated Whirlpool employees worldwide who work tirelessly to create better, more innovative products that improve the lives of people Ñ in and around the home Ñ each and every day. In the pages that follow, you will see the Whirlpool Corporation value-creation story through the eyes of our employees.
Thank you for your confidence and your continued investment in Whirlpool Corporation.
Sincerely,
  JeFF m. Fettig
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
