  Chairman’s Letter
To Our Shareholders
Last year, our company celebrated its 90th anniversary by introducing a record number of innovative, branded products and solutions to our customers worldwide, which enabled us to deliver a record year of operating performance.
2001 IN REVIEW
Entering the year, we faced difficult economic circum- stances and weakening markets around the world. In December 2000, we announced a $300 million to $350 million restructuring effort to improve the competitive position of our global operations, given the new realities within these markets. Despite an outlook for challenging conditions early in 2001, we forecasted economic turn- arounds and improved industry appliance shipments for North America and Europe in the second half.
Looking back, 2001 turned out to be far different than the year we expected for Whirlpool, the nation and the world. In Latin America, Argentina’s destabilizing currency crisis and Brazil’s energy shortages severely hampered the region’s economies and dampened growth. Expectations for a second-half improvement in Europe’s economic fortunes faded with recession in Germany. And in North America,
a mild economic recession arrived, almost unnoticed, amid the collapse of the technology markets. Earlier projections of sequential improvements in U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) failed to materialize.
The tragic events of September 11 in the United States left the country reeling and moved the economy deeper into recession. Subsequent military action in South Asia and rising tensions in the region affected the economy of India — one of Whirlpool’s key growth markets.
From an industry perspective, we saw a rash of competitor consolidations. Maytag acquired Amana Appliances in August. In December, Merloni Elettrodomestici of Italy acquired from Merconi plc its 50-percent stake in General Domestic Appliances — a major supplier of appliances in the United Kingdom. And in January 2002, Elco Holdings Inc. purchased the assets of Brandt, a major home appliance manufacturer in France.
Whirlpool Corporation 2001 Annual Report 11

 EARNINGS RECONCILIATION
Core earnings from operations Restructuring and related charges Product recall charges
Earnings from continuing operations
Discontinued operations Change in accounting principle *
Net earnings (GAAP) * SFAS No. 133
Full-Year 2001
Earnings
in millions EPS
  $
$
$
371 5.45 (156) (2.29) (181) (2.66)
34 0.50
(21) (0.31) 8 0.12
21 0.31
    The global economic and political events of 2001 tested the people of Whirlpool during one of the most challenging periods in the company’s history. Through it all, our organi- zation remained focused on the tasks of strengthening our brands and building unmatched levels of customer loyalty. By leveraging Whirlpool’s global structure, by differentiating the company’s global brands from competitors, and by connecting Whirlpool people and processes worldwide, we were able to strengthen our position as the world’s leading manufacturer of major home appliances.
2001 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
We believe it’s important that our shareholders understand the company’s underlying, or core, operating strengths and trends, as well as the impact of various special charges that affect our net earnings under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). For both transparency and clarity, we follow the practice of reconciling and presenting the company’s core earnings — which exclude certain one- time charges and gains — and net earnings, as shown in the above table.
Our continuing operations delivered full-year core earnings of $5.45 per diluted share, an increase of nearly 5 percent from 2000. In 2001, full-year net earnings were $0.31 per diluted share.
Full-year net sales of $10.3 billion were level with 2000, reflecting the effects of currency translations during the year. Absent currency translations, net sales increased 3 percent.
Full-year free cash flow of $533 million was a record for the company. The cash allowed us to aggressively fund the company’s execution of its strategies during the year and pay down debt by more than $500 million.
Whirlpool’s 2001 operating performance underscored the strength of the company’s capabilities and success of its strategies in creating value in challenging economic conditions.
STRATEGY LEADS PERFORMANCE
For years, almost all appliance industry participants were executing similar strategies that focused on lowering the cost and improving the quality of products, while expanding distribution and increasing the competitive share of display space on the retail floor.
12 Chairman’s Letter

 Whirlpool has been executing a dramatically different strategy. Instead of focusing on competitors, we have been listening to our customers and building loyalty through the introduction of relevant and innovative solutions — new ideas geared to the needs of consumer lifestyles. Our people are focusing their attention on innovations that deliver real value to both consumers and shareholders — while making it difficult for competitors to copy. And our global organization is providing the resources and processes to help create innovation never before seen in either our company or our industry. A record number of these products were introduced in 2001, and they are paying dividends in terms of growth and market share, as well as higher prices and margins across the business.
As Whirlpool continues on this course, we ultimately want to create unmatched loyalty for our brands by building a lifetime relationship with our customers. To accomplish this, we will continue to introduce clearly differentiated products, services and solutions that customers will want long after their initial purchase experience with the brand.
GLOBAL PLATFORM CAPABILITIES
Aligning our global resources, brands and business processes to support this strategy has been an ongoing effort. Whirlpool has a unique global business platform and structure from which to grow and drive efficiencies while we continue to build upon our brand leadership positions.
Our restructuring effort has led to a more cost-effective global structure. For the year, restructuring activities resulted in charges of $212 million, before tax, and generated savings of about $47 million. These restructuring initiatives are expected to produce savings of approximately $135 million annually.
When completed by the end of 2002, the company’s global restructuring effort is expected to produce annualized savings of between $225 million and $250 million.
These cost savings — which have been driven by a reduction in working capital, productivity improvements and benefits from restructuring initiatives — assure that our platform competitiveness can be leveraged into earnings expansion as we continue to grow our global business.
Whirlpool Corporation 2001 Annual Report 13

   GLOBAL PORTFOLIO OF BRANDS ADVANCES
Contributing to our operating performance in 2001 was our global portfolio of strong brands. Available in more than 170 countries, our 11 major brands combine to make Whirlpool Corporation the world’s top major appliance manufacturer and marketer, with Whirlpool brand taking the lead as the world’s No. 1 selling appliance brand. Brastemp and Consul remain the top two brands in the Latin American market. Our upscale brands include KitchenAid in the U.S. and Bauknecht in Europe. And we remain the major supplier in many product categories for Sears, Roebuck and Co.’s Kenmore brand appliances.
Whirlpool’s global execution and performance capabilities allow us to create differentiated positions and competitive advantages for our global portfolio of brands. Each of our brands is taking advantage of these capabilities to build higher levels of loyalty by developing closer relationships with its customers.
2002 OUTLOOK
We do not anticipate broad-based recovery in the world’s regional economies until the second half of 2002. But even in such a challenging environment, Whirlpool’s customer loyalty strategy and global platform capabilities have positioned our operations for continued performance growth.
Our brand organizations will introduce even more differen- tiated products and services in 2002, while our restructuring and productivity efforts continue to remove costs and provide reinvestment opportunities for brand building and innovation activities. As a result of these actions, we expect to build on our 2001 achievements and deliver another strong performance for the full year in 2002.
Of course, none of last year’s accomplishments would have been possible without the extraordinary skills, leadership and teamwork of our employees. As we move forward to execute our customer loyalty strategy and increase the pace of innovation, I’m excited about the tremendous potential of our enterprise and the value it will continue to create for our customers and shareholders.
DAVID R. WHITWAM
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER FEBRUARY 28, 2002
 14 Chairman’s Letter
