A Letter from the President and Chief Executive Officer
In 2012, our strategy drove steady improvements to our business and generated solid results. We continued to grow business and broadband revenue, which offset declines in consumer voice and wholesale revenue and resulted in stable revenue and cash flow.

This consistent performance supports our commitment to invest in the future of our company while also continuing to pay our $1 annual dividend, which the management team and Board of Directors unanimously believe to be the best way to create value for our stockholders.
Our strategy is to maximize business and enterprise growth opportunities and maintain our stable consumer business while ensuring we have an efficient cost structure. In support of that strategy, we made important progress on our key initiatives in 2012.

Obviously, we are not happy with our stock performance during 2012 and look forward to executing on our strategy and differentiating our story to create value for investors. In addition, we remain committed to returning cash to shareholders in the form of our $1 annual dividend. April 15 will mark the 27th consecutive quarter in which we have paid this dividend and we expect the business and our cash flow to continue to support the dividend going forward.

2013 Priorities

1 2 3

As a result of our progress to date and the opportunities we have ahead, we enter 2013 with terrific momentum. Our priorities include: We will make targeted investments in our business channel, including opening several new data centers and hiring sales personnel to increase sales momentum and enhance the customer experience. Growing the business channel is an important part of our strategy, and we believe these investments will generate strong returns through improved revenue and profitability. We expect to substantially complete our capital investments related to the fiber to the tower projects, reaching approximately 4,500 towers by year's end. In addition, we will finish most of our broadband stimulus initiatives which expands our addressability to roughly 75,000 new households. As we exit 2013, capital spending related to these projects will decrease substantially, resulting in improved cash flow which provides continued support to our dividend payment.

2012 Accomplishments

First, we continued to grow strategic revenue. Business and broadband revenues now represent 70 percent of our total revenue ­ and grew by 2 percent during 2012. The business channel is leveraging our strengthened capabilities, advanced solutions and nationwide network, and -- as an important validation of our core growth strategies -- grew enterprise customers by 6% during 2012.

Second, we invested in strategic capital initiatives to strengthen our network. This included deploying fiber deeper into our footprint, expanding our data centers and enhancing our We plan to continue to improve the balance sheet by broadband infrastructure. In addition, we made opportunistic directing our excess free cash flow ­ after our dividend ­ capital investments to deploy fiber to wireless towers and extend to debt repayment. our broadband addressability from 90 percent to 93 percent through our federal stimulus projects. Both the fiber to the Looking Ahead tower and the stimulus capital initiatives are providing attractive As we pursue our long-term strategic vision, we are investment returns while strengthening Windstream's network strengthening our company by creating a single culture that capabilities and our platform for growth. supports our goal to be the premier enterprise communications Third, we achieved significant milestones integrating the PAETEC and services provider in the United States while maintaining our strong, stable consumer business. This culture is built on positive business. We are now operating as one organization, having combined all functional work groups and corporate systems. The accountability among highly engaged associates to provide great customer service and drive superior results for our shareholders. former PAETEC markets have been rebranded and the combined business sales organization is leveraging our advanced solutions and nationwide network to gain market share and improve business revenues. I am very happy with the progress we are making executing our strategic vision and I am confident that we have the right people, the right assets and the right strategy to make Windstream a force in the marketplace for the long term. As always, I want to thank our entire team for their diligent efforts. And, most of all, I want to express my deep gratitude to our shareholders for the support you have given all of us at Windstream.

Fourth, we improved our cost structure by realizing the targeted PAETEC synergies and completing a reorganization to streamline our processes and improve efficiency while lowering expenses. Together, these initiatives have enabled us to achieve annual run-rate savings of approximately $110 million. And finally, we strengthened our balance sheet by refinancing certain maturities and high cost notes. Collectively, we reduced the amount of interest we will pay going forward by over $60 million and have improved our debt maturity profile by addressing all significant maturities though 2017.

Jeffery R. Gardner President and Chief Executive Officer March 26, 2013

