TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Windstream delivered a strong financial performance in its first full fiscal year as a public company in 2007. We grew revenue and operating cash flow, on a pro forma basis, and met the financial guidance we provided in early 2007. Strategically, we nearly doubled our presence in North Carolina with the acquisition of CT Communications (CTC) and successfully split off our directory publishing business so that we could focus entirely on our core communications and entertainment business. We also adequately invested in our network while reducing capital expenditures and positioned the business to continue generating sustainable cash flows. Financial Highlights Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Windstream achieved diluted earnings per share of $1.94, revenues of $3.26 billion and operating income of $1.15 billion in 2007. Among the pro forma highlights for the year from current businesses, which include results for CTC prior to the merger and exclude results for the directory publishing business, revenues were $3.26 billion, a one percent increase from a year ago, and operating income before depreciation and amortization was $1.66 billion, a one percent increase year-over-year. Free cash flow, defined as net cash provided from operations less capital expenditures, was $668 million for the year, equating to a dividend payout ratio of 71 percent. Capital expenditures were $397 million for the year on a pro forma basis. Strategic Accomplishments We strengthened our position in 2007 as the leading communications and entertainment service provider focused on rural America with the acquisition of CT Communications, based in Concord, N.C., adding approximately 132,000 access lines and 31,000 broadband customers. This acquisition provides an opportunity to generate significant operating efficiencies with our contiguous markets and expand free cash flow. We also completed the split-off of our directory publishing business in a tax-free transaction to affiliates of Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe, a private equity investment firm. We repurchased approximately 19.6 million shares of Windstream stock held by Welsh Carson and retired $210 million of debt as part of the transaction. We also received approximately $40 million in cash, which was used to repurchase an additional 3 million shares of Windstream stock during the fourth quarter. This transaction was important strategically because it positioned us to focus entirely on our core products: broadband, voice and digital TV. Operating Highlights Windstream continued to lead the rural local exchange industry in many key operating metrics in 2007. In spite of gradually increasing competition, we were able to keep access line losses stable while continuing to add more broadband customers. The fourth quarter of 2007 marked the twelfth consecutive quarter of growth in our customer connections as net broadband additions again outpaced access line declines. Windstream had more than 871,000 broadband customers at the end of the year, a 28 percent increase year-over-year and a penetration rate of 27 percent of total access lines. We also continued to expand our digital TV customer base, ending the year with approximately 196,000 total customers or 10 percent of primary residential lines. During 2007, cable voice competition increased to roughly 50 percent of our total access lines from 40 percent, and we expect a continued gradual increase in 2008. Given our increased penetration of bundled services and proactive marketing plans, however, we are in a better competitive position to succeed. Our business segment, which makes up nearly a third of our overall revenue stream, continues to perform well. We are pleased with the success that we have seen with the launch of a small business bundle as well as selling additional data services. We also have experienced good growth in equipment sales, allowing us to extend contracts and strengthen our existing business relationships. Going Forward Near the end of 2007, we made several organizational changes to enhance coordination and improve consistency between our network and operations teams to provide a better overall customer experience. We also created a new consumer sales group to focus on expanding our distribution channels and improve our competitiveness. We upgraded our network in 2007 to double our broadband speeds across most of our footprint and will deploy a 10-12 Mbps speed product in certain markets in 2008. We will continue to focus on selling faster speeds and developing new products and services to leverage our broadband infrastructure. Expanding broadband revenue opportunities is an important part of our strategy to transform this business to a broadband-centric model. We remain confident in the ability of our business to generate significant cash flows over a sustained period of time. Accordingly, our board of directors in February of this year adopted a plan to buy back $400 million, or roughly 8 percent, of shares by the end of 2009. This will increase the ownership value for shareholders and improve cash flows by reducing the dividend payout ratio. Finally, the rural local exchange industry has experienced significant consolidation over the past two years, which we believe is very healthy because it creates opportunities to achieve economies of scale. With declining access lines, this is a business that demands scale, and we expect to see consolidation continue over the next few years. We will stay focused on improving sales and service levels and achieving our financial goals to remain optimally positioned for any strategic opportunities that are in the best interests of our shareholders.

Jeffery R. Gardner President and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2008

