To our STockholderS:
2009 was a year of progress and achievement at Windstream, and I am very pleased with all we accomplished as a company. We significantly improved the company's strategic and competitive positions through targeted acquisitions that will help us sustain revenue and cash flow over time. We improved key operating metrics, increased margins and met our financial guidance in two important areas despite a tough economy. Additionally, we reduced our credit market risk by raising the capital needed to fund our announced acquisitions and extending the vast majority of our bank debt maturities. We further lowered our dividend payout ratio of free cash flow to enhance the sustainability of our dividend, which is very important to the total return of your investment. From a corporate governance perspective, our board of directors recently adopted several enhancements to strengthen Windstream's robust governance practices. The changes include the appointment of an independent chairman and the adoption of a clawback policy and stockholder advisory vote on executive compensation. Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Windstream generated revenues of $3.0 billion, operating income of $957 million and net income of $335 million or 76 cents of diluted earnings per share in 2009. Among pro forma highlights for the year from current businesses, revenues were $3.1 billion and adjusted OIBDA was $1.7 billion. Our $400 million share repurchase plan, approved by our board in early 2008, expired at the end of 2009. In total, Windstream repurchased 29 million shares for $322 million, yielding annual dividend savings of $29 million and lowering the dividend payout ratio. With dividends and share repurchases, Windstream returned almost $560 million, or 68 percent of our free cash flow, to shareholders in 2009.

Operating Highlights
Our continued focus on execution produced industry-leading results in many key metrics in 2009. We also instituted during the year a "pricefor-life" initiative, which bundles high-speed Internet, unlimited local and long-distance voice and other features for a fixed price for the life of the customer account. The pricing program and our overall service level improvements are having a positive effect on both broadband and access line trends. We delivered double-digit year-over-year customer growth in broadband again ­ even with our already high penetration rates ­ and achieved an important milestone early in the year when we surpassed one million high-speed Internet customers. In addition, we ended the year strong with consecutive quarters of declining year-overyear access line loss percentages. We realigned our organization during the year to focus more on our business customers and improve sales and service delivery. We made a number of changes in the business sales organization to improve our aggressiveness and focus, and we created a dedicated business marketing team to help support the sales channel to capitalize on growth opportunities. We also moved our chief financial officer into the new role of chief operating officer and our controller into the chief financial officer role. Both moves have already yielded significant benefits. Our management team overall is solid across the board, and we are well prepared for even better execution. Additionally, we continue to invest in our network and expand our fiber network to deliver more bandwidth to wireless carriers and Ethernet and next-generation IP technologies to business customers.

Strategic Highlights
We announced four acquisitions in 2009 with a total value of $2.2 billion. We completed the acquisitions of D&E Communications and Lexcom during the fourth quarter, expanding our presence in Pennsylvania and North Carolina, and closed NuVox in early 2010. NuVox is a great strategic fit for us given its emphasis on the business customer segment and its geographic proximity to our existing operations. We expect to close the acquisition of Iowa Telecommunications, which will add complementary rural markets in Iowa and Minnesota, in mid-2010. All of these transactions highlight our strategy to invest in well-run companies that do not change the risk profile of Windstream and are expected to be free cash flow accretive in the first year. Collectively, these deals significantly improve our overall financial position through enhanced scale and a reduced reliance on residential voice and wholesale revenues. In fact, more than 50 percent of our revenue will come from consumer broadband and business customers, a much more sustainable revenue mix. Windstream will operate in 23 states upon close of the Iowa transaction and generate approximately $4 billion in revenue and roughly $2 billion in adjusted operating income before depreciation and amortization (OIBDA), excluding non-cash pension expense, restructuring charges and restricted stock expense. We have made great progress on our goal of transforming Windstream into an entity that is focused on consumer broadband and business customers. These segments should grow in the coming years and ultimately drive better top-line performance. This is a radically different company than it was in 2006 when we spun off from Alltel Corp. The encouraging aspect of this for stockholders is that we did all this while improving margins and lowering our dividend payout ratio.

2010 Outlook
Looking forward, I am confident in our business and in the sustainability of our cash flows given our four recent acquisitions and the related synergy benefits and the progress we are making transforming the company to pursue growth opportunities in consumer broadband and the business customer segment. We expect to realize through the acquisitions more than $90 million in annualized synergies, which will help improve our dividend payout ratio. Operationally, our sales and marketing initiatives are resonating well and resulting in improving operating trends. With more resources allocated to the business channel, we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on new opportunities as the economy improves. In summary, I thank the Windstream team for all that we accomplished in 2009. Our team has remained very focused on our core operations, delivering a solid overall performance, even with the additional strategic initiatives. For our stockholders, I thank you for your confidence. It is very clear to our board and my management team that our charge is to create value for our stockholders. I am proud of the value we have returned to investors since our company's formation and have never been more optimistic about the opportunities in front of us.

Financial Highlights
Despite incremental revenue pressure resulting from a challenging economic environment in 2009, we met our OIBDA goal and exceeded our free cash flow estimates. Windstream generated $823 million in free cash flow, defined as net cash provided from operations minus capital expenditures, an eight percent increase from a year ago or $1.90 per share. Disciplined expense management and lower cash taxes were the primary drivers for the increase. Our dividend payout ratio of free cash flow was 53 percent for the year, which is the lowest we have experienced since we formed the company in 2006.

Jeffery R. Gardner President and Chief Executive Officer March 26, 2010

