TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
I am pleased to report that Windstream delivered another solid financial performance in 2008 amid a very difficult economic environment. We generated double-digit growth in free cash flow, most of which we returned to shareholders while significantly lowering our dividend payout ratio. We also completed the integration of CT Communications, which paved the way to realize more than $55 million in annual expense and capital synergies in 2008. These accomplishments are a real tribute to our team's focus and ability to manage this business to sustain free cash flow. penetration, we are pleased to see increasing numbers of new customers subscribing to 3 Mbps speeds and higher, as these speeds represented almost 70 percent of gross adds in the fourth quarter. We expanded our digital TV customer base in 2008 to approximately 274,000, or 15 percent of primary residential lines last year. Bundling the DISH TV product with Windstream phone and Internet services meaningfully improves overall customer retention, and we are pleased with our progress. We ended the year with approximately 3.04 million access lines, representing a decline in total access lines of 5.2 percent yearover-year. Approximately 60 percent of our total access lines had voice competition at the end of the year, an increase of approximately 5 percent from the year before. We expect voice competition to continue to increase at a modest pace similar to 2008 and believe the proactive steps we have taken to expand our distribution channels, improve service levels and increase our retention efforts will fortify our competitive position. Our business markets, which represent about a third of our overall revenues, continue to perform well with revenue growth driven by expansion of broadband, next-generation network data services and special access.

Financial Highlights
Windstream produced $763 million in free cash flow, defined as net cash provided from operations minus capital expenditures, in 2008 ­ an increase of 14 percent or almost $100 million year-over-year, largely due to lower capital expenditures and reduced cash taxes. The company returned $645 million, or 85 percent of its free cash flow, to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases in 2008. We also lowered our dividend payout ratio of free cash flow from 71 percent in 2007 to 58 percent in 2008. We had approximately $300 million in cash on hand at year-end. Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Windstream achieved diluted earnings per share of 93 cents, revenues of $3.17 billion and operating income of $1.13 billion in 2008. Among pro forma highlights for the year from current businesses, revenues were $3.17 billion, a 1.5 percent decrease from a year ago, and operating income before depreciation and amortization was $1.64 billion, essentially flat year-overyear, an impressive accomplishment during one of the worst economies in decades.

The Year Ahead
We continue to believe that consolidation makes sense for this industry and will stay focused on delivering solid operating metrics and financial results so that we will be well positioned for any strategic opportunities that benefit shareholders. Given the current economic and credit environment, the company plans to continue preserving liquidity and may opportunistically consider free cash flow accretive initiatives with a bias toward debt repurchases. Achievement of our outstanding share repurchase plan will depend on such factors as the overall credit environment and liquidity needs of the business. In summary, Windstream continues to perform well, demonstrating the defensiveness of our business, as well as the hard work and dedication of our employees. Expanding our sales and distribution channels to improve our competitiveness remains a top priority this year. While we expect broadband unit growth to slow, we also will focus on achieving incremental revenue by selling faster speeds and other complementary broadband services. Additionally, we have aggressively taken steps to improve our overall cost structure. While we may not be completely immune to the broader economic challenges, we believe our business is well positioned, and we remain confident in our ability to sustain cash flows over time.

Operating Highlights
Windstream continued to lead the rural local exchange industry in many key operating areas in 2008. We also continued to make improvements in the quality of our broadband offerings by deploying ADSL2+ broadband technology in early 2008, which essentially doubled our broadband speeds across our footprint and allowed us to introduce a 10-12 Mbps service. We also enhanced our core IP network, which interconnects our major markets with the Internet, thereby increasing overall capacity and providing a platform to offer advanced data services. We grew our total high-speed Internet customer base for the year to nearly 979,000, an increase of almost 12 percent yearover-year. Our overall broadband penetration is now 32 percent of total access lines and 49 percent of primary residential lines. While broadband growth is slowing, in part due to our higher

Jeffery R. Gardner President and Chief Executive Officer March 23, 2009

