A Letter from the President And Chief exeCutive offiCer
2013 was a solid year for Windstream. Our business sales team finished strong, generating sequential revenue growth once again, and our consumer sales team continued to grow broadband revenue and deliver steady results. In addition, we improved the cost structure, invested in growth initiatives and strengthened the balance sheet ­ all of which better position us to deliver value to stockholders. We made great strides in 2013 toward our goal to become the premier enterprise communications and services provider. · We grew strategic revenues by 2 percent. By year's end, business services and consumer broadband represented 73 percent of total revenue. · Our focus on cost management produced adjusted OIBDA of $2.3 billion and stable margins of 39 percent. · We made strategic investments in our network. Approximately two-thirds of the capital we invested in 2013 went to initiatives that enhanced our capabilities and provided revenue opportunities. · We improved the balance sheet by refinancing almost $4 billion in debt, enabling us to extend debt maturities and lower cash interest expense. Importantly, we reduced our debt by more than $200 million. · We returned $594 million, or 67 percent of our adjusted free cash flow, to our stockholders, in the form of a dividend. The Windstream board of directors recently declared our quarterly 25-cent dividend, which we have paid consistently for more than 7 years. Our strong free cash flow generation allows us to invest in the growth drivers of the business, pay an attractive dividend and reduce debt over time. I am excited about our opportunities and the strategic priorities we will concentrate on in 2014. · We plan to drive higher business sales through targeted programs designed to increase productivity, including new sales enablement tools, enhanced analytics to improve lead generation, and greater focus on the Windstream brand. · We will make significant progress on unifying our enterprise systems, enabling our team to manage all aspects of the customer lifecycle from a single, simplified platform. · We will continue to deploy fiber deeper into our network, enhance our broadband infrastructure and capture success-based opportunities. Windstream is focused on a growth-oriented strategy while also managing our legacy business for profitability. I am confident we have a strong and competitive organization dedicated to creating value for our stockholders. I remain deeply grateful for your continued support.

Jeffery R. Gardner President and Chief Executive Officer March 25, 2014

