Dear Shareholders:

Fiscal 2004 was a challenging year for Winn-Dixie. On behalf of all the Winn-Dixie associates, we would like to thank you for your loyalty and support. To meet the challenges of one of the most difficult, competitive markets in our nearly 80-year history, we developed and began executing a comprehensive plan aimed at strengthening the Company's competitive positioning. The plan is focused on several key strategic initiatives: · Rationalizing our store base, along with our manufacturing and distribution facilities, to allow us to focus our resources and attention on our core markets · Achieving $100 million in annual expense reductions during fiscal 2005 · Brand-related initiatives, including improving our customer service, an image makeover program for our stores and a new brand-positioning program

STRATEGIC INITIATIVES Asset Rationalization During the third quarter, we conducted a thorough market-by-market review of our operations, in which we classified each designated market area (DMA®)* as core or non-core based on an evaluation that examined market size, competitive considerations, demographic trends, and potential for growth. In evaluating our store base at that time, we considered many key factors, including market share, profitability, real estate quality, potential exit costs and other financial factors. The purpose of this initiative was to identify and refocus on the core markets that present the Company with the best opportunities for success, and to pinpoint and exit the non-core markets in which Winn-Dixie has a low market share and limited opportunities to gain share.

*DMA® is a Designated Market Area as defined by Nielsen Media Research. A DMA® is named for the city that defines its center. Each county is assigned to the DMA in which are located the television stations most watched in that county.

In our analysis, we identified a base of stores across our core 36 DMAs which generate about $10 billion in annualized sales. This base of stores is primarily in the South, located in some of the fastest growing markets in the nation. Following the asset rationalization process, Winn-Dixie's operating area will include Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Georgia, and certain areas of North Carolina, South Carolina, Mississippi, Tennessee, and Virginia. The Company will also continue to operate in the Bahamas. The five-year population growth rate in our core markets is expected to exceed 7%. While exiting markets is not easy, we must do so to remain competitive. In implementing the plan, we will sell, or as a last resort close, 111 non-core stores and 45 under-performing stores within our core markets. During the fourth quarter we completed 28 exits. Also, as part of the asset rationalization plan, we are exiting three distribution centers and are pursuing the sale of four manufacturing operations, as well as consolidating two dairy operations. As of June 30, 2004 we had consolidated the Miami Dairy into other facilities. Going forward, we are continuing to evaluate our remaining dairies and other manufacturing operations. We expect about 10,000 positions will be affected by the rationalization plan. We anticipate completing the plan by the end of April 2005.

Expense Reductions In the second quarter, we began an expense reduction program under which we expect to realize annual expense reductions of $100 million during fiscal 2005. Through our ongoing review of expense reduction opportunities, we achieved $15 million in savings by the end of fiscal 2004, and identified the remaining elements of the plan, including better buying practices, renegotiated indirect services contracts, and other areas. Brand-Related Initiatives During the second quarter, we hired a leading brand marketing consulting firm to conduct extensive consumer and brand research to help us ascertain current customer perceptions of our stores, and how to better meet customer needs. Based on this study, we are designing a new brand positioning for Winn-Dixie based on a combination of convenience, quality and price. We intend to focus on being a neighborhood grocer, improving our product offering to include better perishables and neighborhood-specific items, and improving our appearance and customer service.

We are introducing new product offerings and merchandising programs to enhance our perishables offerings, focusing in particular on our delis and bakeries. We also recognize the need to consistently deliver a higher quality customer shopping experience and personal, friendly service across all stores. We are developing new training, recruiting and performance management programs to accomplish this goal. We also expanded the image makeover program that we began this year in light of what we learned in our brand study. In addition to improving lighting, installing produce bins, painting store interiors and exteriors and replacing outside signage, our upgraded makeovers also enhance the décor in bakeries and delis, add registers in those departments, install or upgrade self check out services and incorporate other enhancements throughout the store. Clearly, these brand changes are not going to happen overnight across our entire store base. We are implementing these changes in a cost-effective manner in our lead market of the Miami/Fort Lauderdale DMA. The lead market will enable us to test our new approach, refine it and measure its impact on a manageable scale before rolling it out more broadly in our core markets.

ONE VISION. ONE SPIRIT. ONE GOAL. This past year has not been an easy one. We are, however, making changes throughout our organization to be more competitive. These changes will not occur overnight; however, we believe the initiatives we are pursuing are the right ones to enhance our business. We have one vision, one spirit, and one goal at Winn-Dixie. We believe the support of our shareholders, dedication of our associates, and leadership of our management team will get us there. Finally, I'd like to thank Dan Davis for his important contributions to our Company over the past 35 years. Dan has decided to retire when his term on our Board of Directors concludes this Fall. He has served our Company well in various capacities over the years, both as part of our senior management team and as Chairman of our board. I am grateful, both professionally and personally, to have had the opportunity to work with Dan. We all wish him well as he begins this new chapter in his life.

Frank Lazaran President and Chief Executive Officer

