A message from Peter Lynch

Dear Shareholders

On behalf of Winn-Dixie and its 46,000 team members, thank you for investing in our brand, business and vision to be a successful, admired retailer that celebrates each community by creating personal, fresh and fun experiences for our guests.

Although fiscal 2011 presented another year of challenge for both our Company and the industry, Winn-Dixie stood tall in the face of those challenges and turned many of them into opportunities to better serve our guests. Consumers remained pricesensitive, particularly with rising fuel costs and continued high unemployment. These factors led to fiscal 2011 52-week identical store sales that were essentially flat, and gross margin for the year that was less than the prior year due primarily to our investments in pricing and promotional programs to drive sales. With an amended credit facility in place and a strong balance sheet, we invested approximately $93 million in various targeted capital expenditures designed to help drive our business this year.

As I have said before, we are focused on executing our business plan. We remained committed to growing profitable sales, balancing sales and margin in our pricing and promotional programs, and implementing sustainable merchandising and marketing initiatives tailored to the needs of our guests. As a result, we experienced positive fourth quarter identical store sales, and we are optimistic that fiscal 2012 will be a year of profitable sales growth for Winn-Dixie. We take both a short and longterm view of our business. We are working hard to optimize short-term business results, but also putting people, systems and programs in place that will help us fulfill our long-term vision.

Initiatives driving incremental sales

During the year we turned challenges into opportunities and provided value to our guests. We delivered on our goals to increase sales through several key initiatives implemented this year, including our fuelperks!® Rewards program, computer generated ordering (CGO) system, and new elements of our marketing and merchandising programs focused on the needs of our guests.

Our Customer Reward Card is a unique offering in our markets, and now it is tied to the popular fuelperks!® Rewards program in almost half of our stores. This program increases sales by offering our guests valuable discounts at the pump. In fiscal 2011, we expanded this program to our Louisiana and South Florida markets. The Reward Card, paired with the fuelperks!® Rewards program, provides our guests much-needed relief from high fuel prices. We completed the rollout of our CGO system to all of our stores this past year, which optimizes our inventory and reduces out-of-stock items ensuring the products our guests need are available and on the shelf.

Our guests look to us for both value and solutions to make their lives easier. Some of the innovative marketing and merchandising initiatives we began this year included our Neighborhood Butcher program, which fosters positive interaction between our meat experts and guests; as well as our "Make-A-Meal" meal solution, which bundles several great products for a complete meal experience ­ all at an incredible price.

Capital investment in our stores

We worked hard to develop and modify stores that provide a great experience for our guests. With the overwhelmingly positive guest response to the new stores in Covington, La., and Margate, Fla., which both opened in fiscal 2010, and the remodeled Mobile, Ala., store that opened in fiscal 2011, we are confident in the brand-transforming benefits of the amenities these stores offer our guests. We have initiated remodel projects on 17 stores in this "transformational" format, and will stage openings throughout fiscal 2012.

Guest focus

Our successes would not be possible without our dedicated team members and their focus on operational excellence... and our guests are noticing. Our in-store pharmacy was recognized as a J.D. Power 2011 Customer Service Champion, and our overall customer satisfaction score, as rated by the American Customer Satisfaction Index, increased 2.7% in 2011 versus last year ­ surpassing the industry average ­ with our guests having the highest level of satisfaction in four years.

Turning challenges into opportunities.
Of course, a strong team is often the product of solid leadership. During my tenure at Winn-Dixie, the leadership of our management team has never been stronger than it is today. With more than 200 years of combined industry experience, this team is committed to transforming Winn-Dixie into a leader of the grocery retail industry and driving superior results.

Transforming is exactly what we are doing. Through research, we have learned that during the past six years our emphasis on "Fresh & Local" has increased our scores as an "overall place to shop" in the eyes of our guests. We've come a long way, and I applaud each and every one of our team members for what they have done to get us to where we are today ­ but there is still room to improve, and that is where we are headed in fiscal 2012.

Outlook for Fiscal 2012

We recently introduced to all of our team members the next step in our journey, which we call the "WINN-ing Way." It is a strategic framework through which we have articulated a new company vision and new set of values and promises to our key stakeholders. The WINN-ing Way represents a change in attitude, a shift in culture, and it will alter how all our team members think, speak and behave going forward. We see this as an important step in delivering shareholder value and a commitment to our vision: to be a successful, admired retailer that celebrates each community by creating a personal, fresh and fun experience for our guests.

Thank you for your trust and continued confidence in Winn-Dixie. We look forward to seeing you in our stores.

Peter Lynch Chairman, CEO and President Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc.

