  M E S SAGE T O O U R
 Brought to you by Global Reports

 In short, with these steps complete, we have made substantial progress. We have retained assets in our traditional strengths while changing areas of operations that needed improvement. Going forward, our business plan is to:
•Be the best supermarket operator in the neighborhood;
• Provide the right products, excellent service and low prices;
• Run profitable stores targeted to our customers; and
• Maintain strong market share in growing markets.
Winn-Dixie has a tremendous opportunity to grow both the top- and bottom-line by making the most of our store network infrastructure. Therefore, a major emphasis for
the past year has been on improving operations and creating efficiencies that will enable us to increase sales per square foot of existing stores. Our retrofitted and redesigned stores better enable us to compete in key markets, as they are more customer-friendly and cost- effective.
As another example of doing business more effectively, we lowered our cost structure, providing cash that can be redeployed elsewhere in the business more profitably. And we have simplified our division structure to provide a better foundation for growth, including the benefits of centralized administrative functions.
Without doubt, one of the major achievements in FY 2001 has been the implementation of centralized procurement. The new procurement system enables
6 WINN-DIXIE 2001
Winn-Dixie to leverage its buying power, with benefits such as lower cost of goods and reduced inventory. This project involved significant company resources, yet will help improve margins and increase efficiency long-term. Centralized procurement is one of the new programs that also enables division management to focus more time and resources on their key jobs — providing
excellent service, growing sales volume, and supporting store managers. The store manager position is becoming increasingly vital at our company. Therefore, it is receiving more organizational support such as additional training. An important management concept in Winn-Dixie’s culture is “Servant Leadership,” the idea that all our internal resources support the stores in better serving our customers.
Acquisitions played a key role in Winn-Dixie’s strategy in 2001. They will continue to be an option, given the right opportunities. In the past year, we acquired nine Gooding’s supermarkets in the Orlando area, a core market that offers the potential for sales growth. Even more significantly, we acquired 68 stores and 32 fuel centers owned by Mississippi-based Jitney Jungle. The acquisition was accretive to earnings and cash flow, and the other synergies were immediate. The acquired store base, which is served by two of our existing distribution centers, has been easily integrated into our existing division structure. Gooding’s and Jitney Jungle join a family of brands that also include Winn-Dixie, Save Rite, Thriftway and City Markets.
 “be the best supermarket operator in the neighborhood ”
Brought to you by Global Reports

   Brought to you by Global Reports
FR E S H

  • Introduced new training programs in customer service, food safety and sanitation. The First Class Service initiative is a major example of an exciting new program. The main goals of First Class Service are to make customers our friends and to make Winn-Dixie a fun, desirable place to work. New programs to measure
  Brought to you by Global Reports
10 WINN-DIXIE 2001
FR E S H
customer satisfaction and to provide reward and recognition for top-performing employees also have been put into place.
• Empowered store managers and division management to act aggressively to meet local customer needs.
• Improved labor productivity so that more associates are available to interact with customers, and to shorten waiting lines at peak “rush” hours.

   FR E S H
 Brought to you by Global Reports

  The New Look of Winn-Dixie Stores
A pleasant customer shopping experience heavily depends on clean, well-stocked, customer-friendly retail stores. Creating a fresh look at Winn-Dixie stores, and updating this new look to keep it current, is a top priority for senior management.
• Winn-Dixie’s store base has been revitalized, with more than 60% of our stores new or remodeled in the past five years. Approximately 50% of our stores have been improved in the past year alone.
• We are already achieving increasingly accurate inventory tracking and greater purchasing leverage because of our new centralized procurement system.
• As appropriate, new “store within a store” concepts will be added, such as pet centers, soft drink and snack centers, household cleaning sections, or baby-needs centers. New growth opportunities for us range from
A
pharmacy operations in our stores to fuel centers such as those acquired as part of Jitney Jungle. Also, the company has seven profitable liquor stores in operation and holds additional liquor licenses for future expansion.
• Product freshness - at the deli/bakery counter, the meat and seafood departments, produce, the dairy shelves — is enhanced by new store formats and central
FR E S H
procurement. Variety and quality are the hallmarks of our perishables departments. And our new store layouts enable us to obtain the same amount of revenue in less space, allowing more for grocery products and non-food merchandise.
The goal is to ensure that First Class Service is a way of life at Winn-Dixie, bringing our retail customers back to us time and time again as their first shopping choice.
    Brought to you by Global Reports
14 WINN-DIXIE 2001

Brought to you by Global Reports
   Pictured from left to right: Carleton T. Rider, Julia B. North and Ronald Townsend
  Pictured from left to right: T. Wayne Davis, Tillie K. Fowler, Charles P. Stephens and A. Dano Davis
 Pictured from left to right: Radford D. Lovett, Armando M. Codina and Allen R. Rowland

Brought to you by Global Reports
 F I N RA FINA
 18 WINN-DIXIE 2001
E

Brought to you by Global Reports
WINN-DIXIE STORES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARI INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATE SUPPORTING SCHEDULES AND SUPPLEMEN
Selected Financial Data
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplement
Report of Management Independent Auditors’ Report
Consolidated Statements of Operations, Years ended June 27, 2001, June 28, 2000 a
Consolidated Balance Sheets, June 27, 2001
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years ended June 27, 2001, June 28, 2000 a
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Eq Years ended June 27, 2001, June 28, 2000 a
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
E M T
n a
n
u n

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
Dollars in millions except per share data
  Brought to you by Global Reports
Sales
Net sales
Percent (decrease) increase Average annual sales per store
Earnings Summary
Gross profit Percent of sales
LIFO (credit) charge
Operating and administrative expenses
Percent of sales
Restructuring and other non-recurring charges
Percent of sales
Company owned life insurance (COLI) tax case (after tax)
Percent of sales Net earnings (loss)
Basic earnings (loss) per share
Diluted earnings (loss) per share
Percent of net earnings (loss) to sales
Percent of net earnings (loss) to average equity
Net earnings excluding COLI, restructuring and other non-recurring charges
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
Percent of net earnings to sales
Percent of net earnings to average equity
EBITDA
EBITDAR
EBITDA excluding restructuring and non-recurring charges EBITDAR excluding restructuring and non-recurring charges
Dividends
Dividends paid
Percent of net earnings (loss) Per share (present rate $1.02)
Common Stock (WIN)
Total shares outstanding (000,000)
NYSE – Common stock price range - High
- Low
* 53 weeks
20 WINN-DIXIE 2001
        
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA - continued
Dollars in millions except per share data
   Brought to you by Global Reports
* 53 weeks
** For fiscal year ended June 28, 2000, earnings were inadequate to cover fixed charges
non-recurring charges. The dollar amount of the coverage deficiency for the year end
Financial Data
Cash flow information:
Net cash provided by operating activities
Net cash used in investing activities
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
Capital expenditures, net Depreciation and amortization Working capital
Current ratio
Total assets
Obligations under capital leases
Present value of future rentals under operating leases Long-term rental obligations on closed stores Long-term debt
Total long-term obligations (Long-term debt + leases) Long-term obligations to equity ratio
Comprehensive income (loss)
Shareholders’ equity
Book value per share
Ratio of earnings to fixed charges
Adjusted ratio of earnings to fixed charges
Taxes
Federal, state and local Per diluted share
Stores
In operation at year-end
Opened and acquired during year
Closed or sold during year
Closed due to restructuring
Enlarged or remodeled during year New/enlarged/remodeled in last five years Percent to total stores in operation Year-end retail square footage (000,000) Average store size at year-end (000)
Other Year-end Data
Associates (000) Shareholder accounts (000) Shareholders per store
  $ $ $ $ $ $
$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
$ $
    e

Brought to you by Global Reports
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIO
Results of Operations
Sales for fiscal 2001, a 52-week year, were $12.9 billion, compared to fiscal 2000, $13.7 billion, a 52-week year, and fiscal 1999, $14.1 billion, a 53-week year. This reflects a decrease of 5.8% for fiscal 2001, a decrease of 3.1% for fiscal 2000 and an increase of 3.8% in 1999. Average store sales decreased 0.6% for the current year, decreased 1.2% in fiscal 2000 and increased 2.1% in fiscal 1999. Identical store sales decreased 4.4%, 2.7% and 0.9% for 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively.
Identical sales decreased largely as a result of the elimination of unprofitable sales departments (deli/cafes, melon bars, salad bars, dry cleaners and selected floral, seafood and pharmacy departments), the elimination of unprofitable sales items in remaining departments, a reduction in the number of 24-hour stores and construction disruptions from numerous store modifications (retrofits). The Company has substantially completed its planned store retrofits and believes that this program has resulted in labor savings and other efficiencies. The Company believes that the store retrofits have enhanced the Company’s competitive position and, in turn, will positively impact the Company’s sales during fiscal 2002.
For the 52 weeks ended June 27, 2001, the Company opened 94 new stores, averaging 38,500 square feet, closed 20 stores, averaging 34,800 square feet and enlarged or remodeled 11 store locations, for a total of 1,153 locations in operation on June 27, 2001, compared to 1,079 as of June 28, 2000. As of June 27, 2001, retail space totaled 51.1 million square feet, a 6.2% increase over the prior year. The 94 store openings include 68 Jitney Jungle stores and nine Gooding’s stores that were purchased during fiscal 2001. The 20 store closings include one store that closed in the second quarter of fiscal 2001, as part of management’s plan of restructuring.
As a percent of sales, gross profit margins were 26.8%, 27.2% and 27.6% in fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Gross profit dollars have decreased in the current year partially as a result of the closing of 112 stores as part of management’s plan of restructuring. In addition, gross profit has been negatively impacted by the elimination of high gross profit, yet unprofitable, sales departments. Higher cost of goods sold was incurred during the Company’s transition to centralized merchandise procurement at the beginning of the fiscal year. Since the first quarter, gross profit margins on a FIFO basis have improved. A continued focus on the Company’s shrink reduction initiatives is expected to add to the improvements during fiscal 2002.
Approximately 84% of the Company’s inventories are valued under the LIFO (last-in, first-out) method. The LIFO reserve adjustment resulted in a pre-tax increase in gross profit of $12.0 million in 2001, a decrease of $15.1 million in 2000 and a decrease of $4.4 million in 1999.
Operating and administrative expenses decreased $406.1 million in fiscal 2001 and increased $9.1 million and $212.2 million in 2000 and 1999, respectively. As a percent of sales,
22 WINN-DIXIE 2001

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIO
Quarter ending June 27, 2001
Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data
   Year ending June 27, 2001
Dollar amounts in thousands except per share data
  Brought to you by Global Reports
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Cash and cash equivalents amounted to $121.1 million, $29.6 million and $24.7 million at the end of fiscal years 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively. Cash provided by operating activities amounted to $244.9 million in 2001, $743.3 million in 2000 and $436.4 million in 1999. The reduction in net cash provided by operations is largely due to the increase in merchandise inventories and cash payments related to the restructuring. Inventories increased due in part to additional inventory purchased for the stores acquired in the current year.
Working capital amounted to $449.3 million, $50.4 million and $285.0 million in fiscal 2001, 2000 and 1999, respectively. The increase was due in part to the refinancing of the Company’s short-term borrowings into long-term debt.
Net cash used in investing activities totaled $443.6 million,
 Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit on sales
Operating and administrative expenses Restructuring and other non-recurring charges Operating income
Interest expense
Earnings before income tax
Income tax
Net earnings
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
       Net sales
Cost of sales
Gross profit on sales
Operating and administrative expenses Restructuring and other non-recurring charges Operating income
Interest expense
Earnings before income tax
Income tax
Net earnings
Basic earnings per share
Diluted earnings per share
           
Brought to you by Global Reports
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIO
Liquidity and Capital Resources - continued
$300 million in Senior Unsecured Notes (the “Notes”) and the suspension of the stock repurchase program in the current year. See Note 8 - Debt for further discussion on the New Facilities and Notes.
The Company is a party to various proceedings arising under federal, state and local regulations protecting the environment. Management is of the opinion that any liability that might result from any such proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations.
Impact of Inflation
Winn-Dixie’s primary costs, inventory and labor, increase with inflation. Recovery of these costs has to come from improved operating efficiencies — including improvements in merchandise procurement — and, to the extent permitted by the competition, through improved gross profit margins.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
As part of the New Facilities (see Note 8 - Debt), the Company obtained a $400 million six-year term loan with a variable interest rate based on the one-month LIBOR. The Company utilizes derivative financial instruments to reduce its exposure to market risks from changes in interest rates. The instruments primarily used to mitigate these risks are interest rate swaps. All derivative instruments held by the Company are designated as highly effective cash flow hedges of interest rate risk on variable rate debt and, accordingly, the change in fair value of these instruments is recorded as a component of other comprehensive income.
The Company is exposed to credit-related losses in the event of nonperformance by counterparties to these financial instruments. However, counterparties to these agreements are major financial institutions and the risk of loss due to nonperformance is considered by management to be minimal. The Company does not hold or issue interest rate swaps for trading purposes.
The Company has entered into three interest rate swap agreements to hedge the interest rate risk associated with the $400 million outstanding in variable rate debt. The purpose of these swaps is to fix interest rates on variable rate debt and reduce certain exposures to interest rate fluctuation. At June 27, 2001, the Company had interest rate swaps with a notional amount of $400 million. The notional amounts do not represent a measure of exposure to the Company.
The maturity and interest rate on the interest rate swaps are shown in the following table. The Company will pay the counterparty interest at a fixed rate as noted and the counterparty will pay the Company interest at a variable rate
24 WINN-DIXIE 2001

Brought to you by Global Reports
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIO
EXPECTED MATURITY DATE
Dollar amounts in thousands
  Liabilities:
Long-term debt Fixed rate
Average interest rate Variable rate
Average interest rate
Interest rate derivatives Interest rate swaps:
Notional amount Average pay rate Average receive rate
$ 291 9.40 %
$ 4,000 6.70 %
$ 150,000 4.60 %
3.95 %
2003
$ 288 9.40 %
$ 4,000 7.90 %
$ 150,000 4.81 %
5.15 %
$
9
$ 4,
8
$ 100,
5 5
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information and Statements
This Annual Report contains certain information that constitutes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, which involves risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from the results described in the forward-looking statements. When used in this document, the words “estimate,” “project,” “intend,” “believe” and other similar expressions, as they relate to the Company, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.
Such statements reflect the current views of the Company and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that include, but are not limited to:
• the Company’s ability to achieve successfully the long-term benefits contemplated from the restructuring of operations adopted by the Board of Directors on April 19, 2000, and which has been substantially completed;
• heightened competition, including specifically the intensification of price competition, the entry of new competitors, or the expansion of existing competitors in one or more operating regions;
2002
2
   0
0
0
  
Brought to you by Global Reports
REPORT OF MANAGEMENT
The Company is responsible for the preparation and related information appearing in the Annual in conformity with generally accepted accounting are based on management’s best estimates and j
Management is also responsible for maintainin that the accounting records properly reflect the the consolidated financial statements present f Company’s controls, the internal audit staff cond
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directo review the results of audit reports and other a certified public accountants and the internal aud
Allen R. Rowland
President and
Chief Executive Officer
 26 WINN-DIXIE 2001
R u
t a
c
