Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. 1998 Annual Report

MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Last year, our annual message to you began
with these words: "1997 was a year of positioning Winn-Dixie for the future. As we approach the millenium, we are better prepared than ever for the years ahead." When I signed those words along with James Kufeldt and Charles McKellar, we had our eyes on an important milestone. In the year 2000, our Company will celebrate its 75th year in business. We remain excited about the Winn-Dixie we are building for the next century. Am I satisfied with our earnings for the year just completed? Of course not. We had hoped for better results sooner, but we are absolutely confident of our strategy. It would be a mistake for us not to complete the investment and operating improvements we have been making to create the Winn-Dixie of the 21st century. Giving customers the finest one-stop shopping experience in the supermarket industry has required us to defer temporarily what could have been larger short-term sales and earnings increases. Our philosophy is to accomplish our objectives without long-term debt. This places all of us in a stronger financial position shareholders, associates and customers. We accomplished a lot in 1998. Our average store size increased to 42,400 square feet. More than 84% of our business was being done in our larger locations by year's end. We added more new customer services than ever before in our history. Our sales were a record $13.6 billion. And our net earnings were $198.6 million. As we finished the year, our identical store sales for the fourth quarter were up 3.1 percent compared with the fourth quarter of the previous year. That is one of the indicators we will continue to watch in the months ahead as more shoppers visit our Winn-Dixie Marketplace stores. In business, as in life, success comes to those who prepare. That is the strategy we are pursuing. It is why, for example, we are concentrating on associate training to ensure that Exceptional Customer Service will truly be a way of life in our Winn-Dixie today is without question in a better position for the future than we would have been without the capital investment and operating improvements we have made. We also want to express our gratitude to T.E. (Tommy) McDonald, Senior Vice President and Regional Director of our Charlotte and Raleigh Divisions, who retired in December after 43 years of service. We also want to extend our appreciation to Bob B. Tripp, President of our Charlotte Division, who retired in March after more than 43 years of service. We thank all of you for your support. And we invite you to come see us and enjoy the Winn-Dixie Marketplace experience!

A. Dano Davis,Chairman, Principle Executive Officer

In 1998, more than two million customers visited

