Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. 2000 Annual Report - Message from Our Chairman

Message From Our Chairman

2000 Annual Report Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc.

The past fiscal year was a disappointing one for Winn-Dixie. The industry landscape in which we operate has changed rapidly and significantly, and today we face the most competitive environment of our 75 years as a company. To prosper, we must make changes. The old ways of doing business provide us no safe harbor. Winn-Dixie is changing. A program already in progress is reshaping and revitalizing operations across the board. It's a fresh approach and a new beginning. We are committed to the process and challenges that change is forcing us to face. We firmly believe we are on course for a new position in the marketplace, one that will return us to operational profitability and strong shareholder return. A ship in rough seas needs an experienced helmsman. I am proud to say we have such a person in Al Rowland, who came on board with us last November as our new President and CEO. The Board and I have total confidence in his abilities and have given him the authority to apply his expertise for the benefit of the Company. The team he has assembled is a blend of Winn-Dixie experience and fresh industry insights, and together, they are a dynamic force for change.

A. Dano Davis, Chairman of Board

Al has been in the grocery business his entire working life, some 35 years. He comes to us with the kind of background Winn-Dixie needs most: extensive experience in large-store operations, with an emphasis on the critical areas of customer service and perishables. Under Al's stewardship, we have embarked on the most comprehensive and far-reaching restructuring program in our history. The Davis family and our associates built Winn-Dixie into one of the largest grocery chains in the country, one that has served generations of Americans for over 75 years. We are justly proud of that heritage, and we are going to do whatever is necessary to make sure that Winn-Dixie emerges from this period of retooling as a strong and profitable company for the future. We owe that to all who believe in us and wish us success.

A. Dano Davis Chairman of the Board

Brought to you by Global Reports http://www.winndixie.com/company/annualreport/2000/chairman.htm [4/18/2001 9:31:49 PM]

