A Message from Peter Lynch, President, CEO & Chairman of the Board
Dear Shareholders: On behalf of our more than 52,000 Associates, I am pleased to present our first Annual Report as a new company. Since we emerged from Chapter 11 in November 2006, Winn-Dixie has achieved a number of milestones, including: Initiating a major store remodeling program aimed at increasing traffic in our stores, with the first 20 stores completed by the end of our fiscal 2007 year in late June; Launching innovative merchandising and marketing programs; Making strides in improving customer service. In fact, in a survey of 20,000 consumers by the University of Michigan ­ the American Consumer Satisfaction Index ­ Winn-Dixie received its highest score ever in the supermarket category, coming in second ­ tied with Kroger and just behind Publix; Strengthening our vendor relationships; Strengthening our management team; Listing our newly issued stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market; and Delivering improved financial results for the 2007 fiscal year. I am very proud of our Associates and what we have accomplished in regaining market share, strengthening relationships with our customers and business partners, and representing our brand. From an investment standpoint, it is clear that fiscal 2007 marked an important turning point for Winn-Dixie. We have made significant progress in the initial stage of our multi-year turnaround plan. As a result of these efforts, I am pleased to note the following highlights which are discussed in detail in the attached form 10-K and in the year-end earnings press release we issued in late August:

Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. 2007 Annual Report

Net income of $28.5 million, or $0.53 per share for the 32 weeks ended June 27, 2007; Gross margin of 26.9% for the 2007 fiscal year compared to 25.9% in the prior year, an increase of 100 basis points; An increase in identical store sales of 1.6% for the 2007 fiscal year; Liquidity of $592.9 million at year-end, with no significant borrowings under the revolving credit facility; and A significant increase in the share price during the period from the first day of trading to the end of the 2007 fiscal year. As these financial achievements demonstrate, we have built a strong foundation to support the implementation of our multi-year turnaround plan. This foundation is based on the following five key initiatives:

1. Rebuilding Trust in Our Brand
Rebuilding trust in the Winn-Dixie brand is an ongoing process, something we focus on continually. One of our important brand building initiatives is our Corporate Brands program. We are focusing on our Corporate Brands as a means to offer better value to our customers, drive customer loyalty, and improve profitability. We are completely redesigning and re-launching our Corporate Brands program. As of late August, approximately 150 of our "new generation" newly redesigned and reformulated Corporate Brands products were available in-store. Our goal is to have at least 1,000 SKUs on-shelf by the end of fiscal 2008. We are offering three quality tiers. The first is "Thrifty Maid" -- a "Good" product line that matches the national or regional "value" brands in quality. The second is "Winn-Dixie" -- a "Better" line of products designed to be equal to or better than the comparable national or regional brand category leader. And the third is "Winn & Lovett" -- a "Best" product line to include premium products that are worth coming back for. We are also keeping a few of our popular sub-brands such as Chek beverages and Kuddles baby products. Our store teams are being educated about the Corporate Brands program and trained to communicate its features to our customers. We also are developing a multi-faceted marketing program to support these Corporate Brands. This program includes new packaging, advertising, sampling, and product guarantees.

2. Investing Capital in Our Stores
We believe our store remodeling program is one of our most important initiatives and will be a key driver of increased store traffic in the years ahead. Our objective is to win back customers who left us previously while continuing to attract new customers. In some locations, remodeled stores will allow us to compete more effectively against new or remodeled stores opened nearby by competitors. In fiscal 2007, we completed 20 store remodels. These stores have gone through a complete face lift inside ­ including a new color scheme, new lighting, new flooring, new fixtures, a new layout, and some new features ­ including more prepared food offerings and a fresh new produce section.

Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. 2007 Annual Report
www.global-reports.com

3. Neighborhood Marketing
The purpose of our neighborhood merchandising and marketing programs is to focus on having the right products for the neighborhoods we serve. By doing so, we will enhance customer satisfaction, drive more traffic to our stores, increase the average basket size per customer store visit and help us maintain strong margins. For example, we received rave reviews from customers and favorable publicity from local and national media for our kosher initiative. We are also receiving good feedback from customers in Hispanic markets in Southern Florida, Orlando and Tampa, where we are continuing to develop programs to cater to the needs of the local neighborhood.

4. Associate Training and Development
In early 2007 we realigned our retail organization to support a stronger focus on customer service and execution of our marketing and merchandising plans. This realignment has allowed us to build a deeper bench and provide a defined career path for our Associates ­ both of which serve to create an environment of growth, trust and excitement in one of the most crucial parts of our operation.

5. Achieving Profitable Sales
Our financial performance in the 2007 fiscal year was primarily driven by the execution of our turnaround plan. A key component of that plan was our focus on offering balanced sales and promotional programs which drove revenues higher while allowing us to maintain a profitable gross margin. Going forward, we will continue to focus on the business fundamentals such as improving gross margin, reducing expenses and implementing effective pricing and promotional programs. We will also keep a strong focus on our store remodels, with 75 planned for completion in fiscal 2008. In closing, I would like to thank our Associates, business partners and investors for your trust in and loyalty to Winn-Dixie. We are dedicated to growing your investment and to serving as your neighborhood grocer.

Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. 2007 Annual Report

