Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. 2000 Annual Report - Message to Our Shareholders

Message to Our Shareholders
For Winn-Dixie, fiscal 2000 was a year of pride, disappointment and, ultimately, renewed optimism. As our 75th year in business, it was a time to reflect on the Company's proud heritage, but also a time to chart a new path for the future. It was a disappointing year because Winn-Dixie continued to perform below acceptable levels, and our plan to sell the Texas and Oklahoma operations was opposed by the Federal Trade Commission. Nevertheless, despite these setbacks, Winn-Dixie initiated the most significant corporate restructuring effort in its history. Also, after reevaluation, we believe there is opportunity for growth in Texas and Oklahoma. Immediately after my appointment as President and CEO last November, our restructuring process began in earnest. At that time we initiated a thorough process of self-analysis at Winn-Dixie designed to identify best industry practices in order to address two primary issues of concern: First, how to do the best job possible of serving our customers' needs in each store. Secondly, how to coordinate and organize all of Winn-Dixie's operations so that they serve our customers most efficiently. The process evolved to touch upon more areas of the Company than originally anticipated. In doing so, it created an experience that was challenging and purposefully at odds with the old ways. But it also proved to be reinvigorating, and because of the energies it released, it has served to infuse Winn-Dixie with renewed optimism and confidence for the future.

2000 Annual Report Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc.

Dan Lafever, Senior Vice President & Director of Operations

Our self-examination began by identifying our weaknesses at the store level through the eyes of our customers: what did they think about our stores, our operations and our people? We came to understand that our stores need to be cleaner, better stocked and our service to the customer a whole lot friendlier and more helpful. In order to achieve these objectives, we must create a structure that will support a stronger store management team. Our Store Managers must have direct responsibility for meeting customers' needs and expectations. After all, they are the ones closest to our customers. So we have empowered them to lead their associates and to run their stores in the manner best suited for their individual markets and communities.

Al Rowland, President, Chief Executive Officer & Chairman of the Executive Committee

Rick McCook, Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer

To assist them in that effort, teams, led by a District Manager and consisting of experts in various product categories, have been established to support the needs of our Store Managers. Each team serves approximately 20 stores and helps to coordinate extensive training and service validation programs at all levels of store operations. Concurrent with our efforts at the operational store level, we have instituted a centralization program that has reassigned many responsibilities not directly linked to our retail operations to our

Brought to you by Global Reports http://www.winndixie.com/company/annualreport/2000/message.htm (1 of 3) [4/18/2001 9:32:10 PM]

Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. 2000 Annual Report - Message to Our Shareholders

corporate headquarters in Jacksonville, Florida. Doing so will assure that the energies of our management personnel at the division level remain focused on our customer-centered objectives at store level.
John Sheehan, Senior Vice President & Director of Sales and Procurement

As part of the centralization effort, warehouse and fleet operations, new store development and construction programs and existing store maintenance are now directed out of corporate headquarters in Jacksonville. This will provide more consistency, better coordination of resources as well as considerable cost savings. To achieve more efficient operations overall, we conducted a comprehensive and aggressive analysis of all of our support operations and staff functions, which have resulted in the following changes: Management responsibilities for our Midwest, Atlanta, and Tampa divisions have been assumed by neighboring divisions. We closed 111 unprofitable stores and two manufacturing operations were discontinued. We combined our private label and manufacturing operations. We centralized our purchasing, merchandising and marketing functions for all divisions into one group located in Jacksonville. We have assigned 650 stores for remodeling in 2001 in order to improve their appeal and functionality.

August Toscano, Senior Vice President & Director of Human Resources

    
Ellis Zahra, Senior Vice President  & General Counsel

At corporate headquarters, the staff was reorganized, with significant emphasis placed on the direction of the Company's training and human resource functions. Going forward, our goal is to field the best associates, at all levels, in every store.  Taken together, these changes affected over 11,000 positions. While it was difficult to eliminate jobs, we implemented a severance package for those qualifying associates who could not assume other positions within our organization. The immediate impact of these developments is significant and, unfortunately, painful: Winn-Dixie has incurred a charge to earnings of $396 million in 2000 and we expect to incur additional charges of approximately $144 million in 2001. However, on the positive side of the ledger, we anticipate achieving a considerable longer term benefit as a direct result: a savings of approximately $400 million per year in expenses beginning about one year following completion of our restructuring program and implementation of improved store operations and support. Structural and operational improvements, combined with annual cost savings, will serve to enhance our competitive position and, in turn, positively impact our sales and profitability.

"From time to time, every business has to reevaluate the way they do things, and sometimes the old ways are no longer the best. Making tough decisions is the only way to move forward." -Al Rowland

Seventy-five years is a significant milestone for any business, and a company that achieves such an anniversary has undoubtedly weathered many challenges along the way. But to survive and prosper in the years ahead, every successful enterprise needs to embrace change as a necessary business process.

Brought to you by Global Reports http://www.winndixie.com/company/annualreport/2000/message.htm (2 of 3) [4/18/2001 9:32:10 PM]

Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc. 2000 Annual Report - Message to Our Shareholders

While 2000 was a disappointing year for Winn-Dixie, the organization has embraced change and is fully committed to proceed through that dynamic process. We have taken dramatic and necessary steps to reposition the Company for the future, and we will not waver in our goal of creating a new Winn-Dixie for the new century.

Al Rowland President and Chief Executive Officer

Brought to you by Global Reports http://www.winndixie.com/company/annualreport/2000/message.htm (3 of 3) [4/18/2001 9:32:10 PM]

