Dear Shareholders, Over the last year, our company continued to work toward the goal of delivering on our promise of real good food, from real good people, at a real good price® to our customers. Despite a challenging economic climate, Winn-Dixie continued to prove that our core values and unwavering commitment to customers is our focus. It has been an exciting year as we have moved closer to achieving the goal of satisfied customers. We remain committed to investing in new stores, store renovations and technology, which positions our company for growth in the future. Our financial results for the past year are encouraging. Operating income declined from last year but remained strong at $308.3 million on operating revenues of $12.2 billion. Throughout the year, we retired approximately $246 million in long-term debt. The result is an improving financial position with a steady cash flow and the ability to make additional strategic investments in critical areas such as Store Renovation and Expansion, Information Technology and Operations. As we work toward our goal of being the best supermarket in the neighborhood, we're finding that customers appreciate the extra effort. In Miami, for example, we've used merchandising and signage to embrace the culture of Hispanic neighborhoods. Throughout Winn-Dixie, our operations team is working to create and manage stores tailored to the specific communities in which we operate. We are on the right track, and we will continue to pursue neighborhood marketing everywhere we do business. At Winn-Dixie, we remain absolutely committed to setting a high standard of corporate responsibility and business ethics. That goal is important to us, our Associates, customers, shareholders and the communities we serve. In fiscal 2003, we completed a rigorous internal review of all corporate governance activity. We also have adopted compliance policies that clearly establish expectations for our Associates working in each area of our business. This year's theme, Pushing Forward, represents our focus on continued success. During the past year, we pushed ourselves to capitalize on our competitive strengths and constantly identified ways to improve. As we look toward the coming year, we must continue to manage profitable growth, listen and respond to our customers and operate the most efficient stores in the marketplace. In these uncertain times, the upcoming year will prove to be challenging for everyone in the industry, including our company, as competition intensifies through warehouse clubs, mass merchants and other non-traditional grocery channels. I conclude this letter by offering our sincere thanks for the leadership and hard work of Al Rowland, who retired as President and Chief Executive Officer of Winn-Dixie at the end of the fiscal year. We will miss Al's relentless pursuit of excellence and company commitment. During his three-and-a-half years with Winn-Dixie, Al improved our store operations and enhanced our financial position as he led the company through a difficult time. We wish Al every happiness as he moves on. Frank Lazaran, who has played an integral part in our success since joining Winn-Dixie over a year ago, has been promoted from Chief Operating Officer to President and Chief Executive Officer. Frank has made an outstanding contribution to the company since his arrival. I am excited that he will have an even greater opportunity to impact our business in his new role.

E
Brought to you by Global Reports

A. Dano Davis Chairman of the Board

2003 WINN-DIXIE

3

