To Our Shareholders, Customers, Employees and Communities:

Businesses, communities and individuals across North America are seeing waste in a new light. Increasingly, they don't want their waste handled using traditional disposal methods. They know it can be recycled. It can become a clean-burning fuel source for power plants, a soil amendment, or a high-octane fuel for vehicles. And we can all reduce the waste we generate.
At Waste Management, we are embracing the challenge of "zero waste" because our industry is changing and our customers' waste has great potential value. We are in the forefront of developing and implementing new ways to handle and extract value from waste. We also remain committed to our day-to-day mission of collecting and handling David P. Steiner our customers' waste efficiently President and CEO and responsibly, and providing our shareholders with an attractive investment return. We delivered solid operational performance in 2012, while weathering headwinds from low commodity prices. Both domestic and export prices were down for fiber, a valuable item we extract from our recycling operations, and lower natural gas prices affected our waste-to-energy business. While we could not control these factors, others we could. We reorganized our operations to sharpen our focus on the company's three major initiatives: yield management, improving cost control and efficiency in our operations, and better meeting customers' needs. Our simpler, flatter organization is helping us address these priorities by streamlining the delivery of corporate support, while not disrupting our front line operations. The new organization will help us more efficiently identify and execute opportunities. That's important, because we still have our eye on the future. We continue to lead the way in technological innovation in our industry, utilizing solutions such as single-stream recycling and organic waste processing. We continue to evaluate the commercial potential of newer technologies, as we prepare to capitalize on the transformation of the waste business. In 2012, we reported revenues of $13.65 billion compared with $13.38 billion for 2011, a 2 percent increase. Adjusted earnings per diluted share were $2.08(a); net cash from operating activities was $2.3 billion; capital expenditures were $1.51 billion; and free cash flow was $829 million(b). We returned $658 million to shareholders through dividends in 2012. Our board of directors announced its intention to increase the planned quarterly dividend in 2013 by 2.8 percent, from $1.42 to $1.46 on an annual basis. This marks the tenth consecutive year that we have raised our dividend. The board has authorized up to $500 million in share repurchases. The amount of share repurchases will depend on a number of factors, including changes from the expected level of capital expenditures, as well as the amount of cash allocated to business acquisitions, investments and debt repayments. We expect to use our free cash to pay our dividend, reduce debt, and repurchase shares, as well as make appropriate acquisitions and investments in our business. These acquisitions and investments will be predominantly in our core businesses of solid waste and recycling.

Serving customers better
Businesses and public institutions are recognizing the economic value in reducing their environmental impact and becoming more sustainable enterprises. We are helping our customers pursue these goals by knowing more about their business than anyone else, and tailoring our services to their specific needs and objectives.

Our services can be especially valuable in industries with operations that are heavily regulated and under close public scrutiny. We apply our experience and knowledge in that space to create comprehensive solutions that are viable, safe, compliant, cost-effective, and aligned with stakeholder expectations.

(a) See last page of this 2012 Annual Report for a discussion and reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure. (b) See page 33 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K (enclosed herein) for a discussion and reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure. This document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please see page 16 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K (enclosed herein) for further information.

vendors to address the unique waste management challenges of the event, which drew more than half a million people. Municipal governments are increasingly focused on responsible management of waste as both an economic issue and a growing priority among their residents. Thousands of municipalities depend on Waste Management for environmental solutions, and for the second consecutive year, we successfully extended 88 percent of our municipal customer contracts due for renewal. We strive to align our services to local sustainability priorities and goals. For example, in 2012 the City of Philadelphia expanded its contract with us to include construction of an alternative fuel plant, and our new contract with the City of Minneapolis includes development of single-stream recycling facilities. Sustainability is often a key consideration for college and university students and faculty in deciding where they will learn and teach. Every campus has unique environmental goals and capabilities for achieving them. During the year, we introduced our Think Green® Campus Model at several schools. The model is a comprehensive strategy for developing a customized, campuswide sustainability approach. Bucknell University, the University of California at Irvine and the University of Arizona are among participating schools.

WASTE management Knows the Drill
U.S. domestic oilfield activity is expanding as horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing technologies unlock hydrocarbons from shale rock formations. Amid this growth, the proper handling of drilling site waste materials is increasingly important to environmental protection and requires an array of processes including transportation, storage, reuse, recycling, treatment and disposal. Waste Management serves production sites from the MidAtlantic to the Mountain West, using our landfills and hauling fleets as bases of operation. Innovations we are bringing to the oil patch include a new wastewater technology we demonstrated in the Pennsylvania Marcellus Shale formation and a process for handling drill cuttings we have developed in the Eagle Ford Shale formation in Texas.

Oilfield Waste

Improving how we operate
The better we run our business, the more value we can provide our shareholders and our customers. In 2012, we took significant steps to transform the makeup and management of our collection fleet, our customer order processing, and how we procure services and supplies. Investments in standardizing data, processes and technology will help us capitalize on new business opportunities and provide the foundation for establishing economical, efficient shared services. How we route our waste collection trucks affects both customer satisfaction and operating efficiency. As part of our ongoing efforts to streamline routing, during the year we began using advanced information science-based route design, centralized truck routing, and onboard computers in several operating areas to more efficiently deploy drivers and equipment. The rollout of routing processes, technology and training will expand to additional areas in 2013. For every heavy-duty collection truck we convert to natural gas fuel we decrease our diesel use by 8,000 gallons per year,

One industry with growing, complex waste management needs is oil and gas exploration and production. Waste Management provides single-source environmental services to oilfield producers. Construction companies across North America rely on us to help them achieve financial and sustainability goals through every phase of their projects. In 2012, the global infrastructure services company Balfour Beatty honored us with its Sustainable Partner of the Year award for our contributions to a major renovation project. Using our proprietary online tracking tool, Balfour Beatty was able to track and divert more than 90 percent of construction and demolition (C&D) waste. Our tracking tool monitors C&D recycling, tabulates total diversion rates by waste type, and provides documentation to support LEED certification. We continue to develop our Sustainability Services suite of solutions for national accounts customers. During the year, we continued to integrate the operations of Oakleaf Global Holdings, which we acquired in 2011 to substantially increase our service to office building and retail customers. The Sustainability Services team successfully led one of our highest-profile initiatives in 2012 ­ the Zero Waste Challenge at the Waste Management Phoenix Open golf tournament. Our team worked closely with tournament organizers and their

reducing our fuel expense and truck maintenance cost. And our greenhouse gas emissions are 21 percent lower per truck when compared to the use of diesel fuel. We have surpassed our 2020 goal of reducing fleet emissions by 15 percent, with more than 2,000 compressed natural gas (CNG) trucks in operation at year-end 2012, the largest fleet of its kind in the waste industry. Seventy-three percent of the trucks we purchased during the year run on CNG, and we continue to add CNG trucks and build natural gas fueling stations. At the end of 2012, we had 40 fueling stations operating in 22 states and two Canadian provinces, 15 of which serve the public or third parties as well as our own fleet. Safety is a Waste Management core value and a cornerstone of operational excellence. Most of our collection trucks are now equipped with technology designed to improve both safety and fuel economy. The system documents incidents utilizing a video recorder mounted on the windshield of collection vehicles. This capability helps managers coach personnel to continuously improve performance and safety, while contributing to lower riskmanagement costs and exposure. We piloted a new system for taking and processing customer orders and produced promising results, paving the way for the system's introduction throughout our call centers. The system substantially reduces the time and work required to set up a new customer, lowers error rates, and helps us provide a consistent customer experience from service order through payment. We also tested new call center technology that equips service representatives to conduct multichannel communications with customers in the manner they choose, including voice, email and chat. The solution, which is being deployed in our largest call centers beginning in 2013, will also connect the centers to enable sharing and rerouting of calls in response to weather events and other requirements. Standardizing procurement practices is a vital step in our ongoing efforts to control costs. During 2012, we successfully piloted a new system that will enable employees throughout the company to purchase items at negotiated prices. The system, which will be deployed across the company in 2013, allows us to leverage purchasing economies of scale and provides electronic transaction tracking from purchase order to delivery and payment.

Greenest
Show on Grass
Golf enthusiasts attending the 2012 Waste Management Phoenix Open helped make history, and it had nothing to do with players' scores. Waste Management sustainability professionals and tournament organizers joined forces in a Zero Waste Challenge, which kept more than 97 percent of waste generated by the tournament out of landfills. We challenged all vendors to use compostable or recyclable serving materials and containers. We educated tournament fans in proper disposal of materials, in either recycling or compost bins, for all waste produced at the event. For the first time in PGA history, no trash cans were present on course. Volunteer recycling ambassadors stationed throughout the course helped ensure materials went in the appropriate bins, and a dedicated operations team behind the scenes sorted materials. The result: more than a halfmillion spectators at a major sporting event with virtually no trash cans ­ or trash ­ in sight. The Zero Waste Challenge was expanded at the 2013 Waste Management Phoenix Open and surpassed the 2012 results.

The

Getting more value from waste
Technological innovation and the growing imperative to protect the planet are leading us toward a world in which nearly every form of waste can have new life as a fuel or a feedstock for new materials. Waste Management continues to invest in and develop technologies and processes to extract value from the broad range of materials that our customers rely on us to handle, from cardboard, glass and plastic to food, industrial and hazardous waste.

Solutions for waste-based energy
Waste Management produces energy to power homes, industries and vehicles from two sources: landfill gas and waste. Together, these resources generated almost 1,400 megawatts of energy in 2012, enough to power more than 1.1 million homes. We produce more electricity than the nation's entire solar industry, according to U.S. Department of Energy data.

At Your Door Special CollectionSM is a Waste Management service that collects and manages hard-to-recycle home-generated special materials. These materials include many items that may not be disposed of in regular trash or recycling bins, such as household and garden chemicals, electronics, batteries, and automotive chemicals and products. In the past two years we have added some 600,000 homes to the program, bringing the total homes served to approximately 2.4 million.

Extracting value from organics
North America generates more than 80 million tons of organic waste each year, including food, yard and wood waste. An estimated one-quarter to one-third of U.S. municipal solid waste is organic. Waste Management uses proven technologies such as composting to process organic wastes, and is pioneering ways to further process organic material into higher-value materials. We operate 36 organics processing facilities. Working with our customers and partners, we are developing ways to use organics for products such as soil amendments, organic fertilizers and renewable energy. Our Okeechobee Organics Recycling Facility was honored in 2012 with the Sustainable Florida Best Practice Award in the large business division. The facility, which uses advanced aerated composting technology to process food residuals, is a collaborative effort of Publix Supermarkets, Florida Power & Light, Waste Management, and our subsidiary Garick, a leading producer of organic lawn and garden products. Waste Management also operates a facility similar to Okeechobee in the Orlando area.

In 2012, we brought seven new landfill-gas-to-energy facilities on line. We now have 137 plants powered by this naturally occurring, renewable energy source, which collectively generate 651 megawatts of power annually. We own and operate 17 plants that use waste as clean-burning, renewable fuel to generate electricity for nearby communities. The plants, operated by our subsidiary Wheelabrator Technologies, produced 777 megawatts of power in 2012. Wheelabrator is working to develop, build and operate a new facility in Frederick, Maryland. It is also working with partners to build, operate or provide technical support for four new wasteto-energy plants in the United Kingdom and three in China.

Recycling solutions
We continued to build out our recycling footprint and capabilities in 2012 to meet the growing needs of our customers. As the largest residential recycler in North America, we recycled 9 million tons of materials during the year, surpassing our 2011 level by 700,000 tons. Eleven new material recovery facilities opened in 2012, including seven single-stream plants. We now operate 42 single-stream plants, which together represent 70 percent of our recycling volume. With the 11 new facilities, we can now process 50,000 tons per month of recyclables. By the year 2020, we expect to increase the amount of materials we manage to more than 20 million tons per year. Through a strategic alliance with Recyclebank®, we are providing our municipal customers a vehicle to help them increase recycling rates and educate their residents. We first invested in Recyclebank's parent company in 2011. Recyclebank offers a loyalty program that enables residents to earn points based on their diversion efforts, which they can redeem with merchants. In the inaugural year of our collaboration, we brought the program to 77 customer contracts. The served communities have recycled more than 78,000 tons of materials, and Recyclebank has issued more than $4 million in rewards for members to use at local businesses and national retailers.

Continuing our commitment
Our customers increasingly recognize that sustainability is no longer an aspiration. It has become an achievable goal that can transform business operations, strengthen communities, reduce costs and improve quality of life. Because of this, they are looking to us for solutions that are environmentally sound and reflect the reality that waste is no longer merely refuse, but a valuable resource. In 2013, the people of Waste Management will remain focused on meeting our customers' needs, operating efficiently and profitably, and finding new ways to extract value from waste. In short, we will continue to be all about solutions. Sincerely,

David P. Steiner President and Chief Executive Officer

