To Our Shareholders, Customers, Employees, and Communities:

As with every year in our recent history, 2007 was a time of change for Waste Management. We are proud to continue saying this, because we understand that progress is possible only where there is the willingness, desire, and ability to change. In our view, change is essential. The fact is, every time we reach a goal, we move the goal line. We set our standards higher. We challenge ourselves to achieve more, to dig deeper, to go farther. We change. In this report, you will read more about the change and progress that we made in 2007. A few highlights are worthy of mention here to give you a sense of how the critical components of our business are coming together to forge a stronger, better company than ever before: Delivering strong financial performance. Our company continued to deliver outstanding financial results in 2007. We significantly expanded our operating margins and increased our return on invested capital. Based on the company's proven ability to generate consistent and strong cash flows, we were able to return $1.9 billion to our shareholders--a notable accomplishment. Serving customers better. We continued to strengthen relationships with our customers by improving our ability to provide excellent service. We are standardizing best practices in recruiting and training employees to make every encounter with every customer the best it can be.

We've consolidated our call centers, added powerful new telephone technology, and equipped our customer service representatives with more information and more real-time solutions. We have partnered with J.D. Power and Associates to find out how well we measure up to--and exceed--customer expectations. We are working on all fronts to make our customer service second to none. We know that it is up to each of us to achieve this. Empowering people, developing leaders. I am most proud of the progress we are making with the development of this great resource: our people. In 2007, we rolled out a breakthrough performance leadership initiative to retain and attract the best talent in the industry, to increase employee engagement, and to develop leaders and managers. It is providing impetus and momentum to the corporate culture we are creating at Waste Management. It is making us a more innovative, flexible, and entrepreneurial organization. It is driving everything we hope to achieve in the future. Keeping safety first. An absolute imperative in our company's culture is the unwavering commitment to safety. Our safety performance continued to improve in 2007. We significantly reduced the rate of work-related injuries, as well as the frequency and severity of accidents. The numbers alone are gratifying, but they also tell us something else: More and more, safety is becoming an everyday way of working at Waste Management, imbedded in the fabric and framework of our company. As it should and must be.

2

Driving profitability. During 2007, we increased our efficiency and reduced our operating costs. We continued to evaluate pricing, customer by customer, to be certain that the rates we charge reflect the value of the services we provide. Although revenue declined slightly in 2007 due in part to the shedding of unprofitable business, earnings increased. Making environmental stewardship our business. For decades, Waste Management has been a leader in environmental stewardship. By the very nature of what we do--hauling away more garbage than anyone else in North America, recycling millions of tons each year, using trash as a source for renewable fuel--we have minimized the impact of waste and helped protect the environment. And we have made it a profitable, sustainable business. Now the rest of the world is turning its attention to the issue of sustainability. Corporations are establishing policies for waste minimization. Governments are mandating the use of renewable energy. Such environmental measures are certainly good things to do. For Waste Management, they are also business opportunities. They are extensions of the very things we have been doing for years. In October, we announced the environmental stewardship goals that will serve as a platform for our company's sustainable growth between now and the year 2020. We have pledged to substantially increase our waste-based energy production, increase the volume of recyclable materials processed, invest in cleaner technologies, David P. Steiner Chief Executive Officer and preserve and restore wildlife habitat across North America. These goals will leverage what we do today and enable us to do it better and more efficiently. Poised for growth. In the shorter term, the next phase for our company is profitable growth. We have the assets in place. We have fine-tuned our processes. We are identifying customers who can best benefit from the range of services and superior value that Waste Management offers. We are improving our ability to provide those customers with valued service. We continue to consider acquisitions that meet our strategic criteria and offer an excellent return on investment. As we plan for growth, we will continually dedicate ourselves to doing the things that make us worthy of shareholder trust, a recommended provider for our customers, a best place to work for employees, a trusted community partner, and an advocate and caretaker of the environment. In short, we dedicate ourselves to one thing: Doing what counts. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

3

