To Our Shareholders, Customers, Employees, and Communities:

"What Waste Management did in 2006 can be summed up in three words: Green at Work. It was a year of recognizing our responsibilities as a leader, steward, partner, and pioneer. It was a year of absolute clarity around the work we must do to live up to these responsibilities and to earn a place among the ranks of great American companies."

Our company had one of its finest years ever in 2006. First, our company's financial performance for the year revealed unprecedented consistency and strength. During 2006, Waste Management achieved its main financial objectives: We increased income from operations, expanded operating margins, improved return on invested capital, and produced strong free cash flow, which we returned to shareholders. The company has not seen a record like this in years. We achieved much more in 2006, all with measurable results. We improved our pricing and profitability. We lowered costs and improved productivity. We got better at managing our business and our assets. We shed business with lower margins and divested operations that no longer contributed to our strategic direction. And we continued to make extraordinary progress in improving our safety record, achieving a 22 percent year-over-year improvement and ending the year with our best record ever. All these accomplishments reflect the hard work we invested in achieving our strategic goals, which are deeply rooted in engaging our customers, empowering our employees, improving returns to our shareholders, serving our communities, and protecting the environment. Often, companies measure success by comparing themselves to the competition. They focus on doing exactly what their competitors do and doing it better, faster, and cheaper. We believe that the only way to set our company apart from others in our industry is to do

things differently. Our objective is not to play the same game better, but to change the playing field and to compete on a completely new level. We're changing the game by focusing on three things that great companies have in common: the best assets, the best data, and the best people. Our assets have long been a particular strength of Waste Management. Take our landfills, for example. As the largest network of landfills in our industry, they serve a far greater purpose than most people realize. More than just repositories for waste, our landfills are a source of clean, renewable energy, producing a steady, reliable supply of fuel that powers communities and businesses. In addition, our landfills provide more than 17,000 acres of protected wildlife habitat that are managed in partnership with environmental agencies. Across America, our landfills have set aside thousands of acres for all to enjoy as athletic fields, parks, and recreational facilities. We have other assets that we believe are working in our favor. We have thousands of trucks and thousands of people who are responsible for driving them, maintaining them, and routing them. The effort we invested in 2006 in managing these assets more productively paid off in big ways: We saved more than a million hours in labor. We reduced our operating costs, in spite of higher fuel prices. And we saved millions of dollars by keeping our trucks in better working order and in service more of the time.

6

We are building information systems that provide the second essential component for success: the best data. In 2006, we made giant leaps forward in many areas simply because we had comprehensive information, facts, and data at our fingertips that we did not have before. We are continuing to learn how to use this great resource to provide superior customer service, to track and monitor hundreds of vital aspects of our business, and to develop programs that serve people in ways we've never done before, from recruiting and hiring to training and leadership development. We are in the process of building a new data platform that will revolutionize the way we serve our customers and manage our operations. In the future, we will be able to put up-to-the-minute information in the hands of our drivers, managers, and customer service personnel. Having the best data is another way we are changing the playing field. None of these is as critical to our success as people. In 2006, we developed a process that will make engaging people through leadership a core competency at Waste Management. We want to be a company of employees who are encouraged to think, to grow, to contribute, to become leaders and everyday heroes. In short, we want employees who cannot imagine working for a better company. It goes without saying that safety remains at the top of our list of priorities. The progress we continue to make, year after year, is gratifying because it means we are making Waste Management a safer place to work. It means we are keeping the communities we serve safer, too.

I believe that safety is also a leading indicator of effective management. Excellent safety scores most often go hand in hand with well-run operations and strong management. We are proud to be getting better at this all the time. In 2006, we began to see with new clarity just who we are and the impact of what we do. I used to say that I work for a garbage company, but not anymore. I--along with my nearly 50,000 co-workers--now say that I work for a company that respects and protects the environment. I work for the largest recycler in North America. I work for a company that produces renewable energy from waste and helps reduce our nation's dependence on fossil fuels. I work for a company that is a working partner and good neighbor to thousands of communities across North America. I work for a company that both values people and delivers value to people, whether they are employees, customers, or shareholders. I work for Waste Management. I could not be more proud of what we have accomplished this past year, or more appreciative of the support we receive from all who stand behind us. Thank you for your continuing confidence. Sincerely,

David P. Steiner
Chief Executive Officer

7

