On the cover: More than 300 acres has been set aside for development as wildlife habitat at Waste Management's Mesquite Creek Landfill in New Braunfels, Texas.

Waste Management, Inc. is the leading provider of comprehensive waste management and environmental services in North America. As of December 31, 2008, the company served nearly 20 million municipal, commercial, industrial, and residential customers through a network of 367 collection operations, 355 transfer stations, 273 active landfill disposal sites, 16 waste-to-energy plants, 104 recycling plants, and 111 beneficial-use landfill gas projects.

T

here are times when a company is called upon to show its true strength and

to prove its ability to navigate uncertainty and change. Times that demand proof of discipline, a solid financial foundation, and a sound strategy focused on continuing improvement. Those times are here. And Waste Management is prepared to meet the challenge. We have worked hard to become a company that our customers, employees, communities, and shareholders can count on, day in and day out, to deliver. Our shareholders can count on us to be responsible stewards of their assets; to maintain our focus on sustainable, profitable growth; and to merit their continuing investment in our business. Our customers can count on us to adapt to their changing needs and to deliver uncompromised service and solutions. Our employees can count on us to continue making this company a safe, rewarding, fulfilling, and exciting place to work. Our communities can count on us to be there whenever we are needed, from the investment of our time and resources in civic and social efforts to the reassurance of our ready response when disaster strikes. And every person, inside and outside this company, can count on us to respect and protect the environment.

Waste Management is a company you can Count

On.

Message from the CEO Operations Review Financial Information Board of Directors Officers Corporate Information

2 4 29 i ii iii

To our Shareholders, Customers, Employees, and Communities:

2008 was a year of continuing strength and progress for our company. More than ever, we proved ourselves to be a company that our customers, employees, shareholders, and communities can count on to serve their needs and protect the environment. It's satisfying to be able to say this in light of the year's dramatic economic downturn, which promises to present continuing challenges. Like most businesses and individuals throughout North America, we expect to face hurdles, make sacrifices, and tighten budgets in the coming year. However, we have built a foundation of financial and operational strength to sustain our company through the inevitable changes in economic seasons. We are solidly positioned to make the adjustments that the times demand and to continue to pursue our long-range goals. The majority of our business, which relates to providing essential services to commercial and residential customers, is resistant to downturns in the economy. This held true throughout 2008, as internal revenue growth from volume in those lines remained consistent. However, we saw further volume declines in our more economically sensitive businesses of industrial collection, transfer, and recycling. Recycling commodity revenues were affected by steep market price declines and reduced volumes as a result of much lower demand. We expect these challenges to continue in 2009.

Given the weak economy, it is more important than ever for us to maintain our disciplined approach to pricing and cost control. We have learned from our customers that the demand for higher quality services is strong, which allows us to maintain our pricing leadership. Already, we have restructured our field operations through consolidation, reducing the number of market area operations from 45 to 25 and eliminating duplicative functions. We have realigned our corporate staff to more efficiently support the new field operations and expect these combined actions to provide annualized savings of more than $100 million. We also see customers increasingly turning to us for assistance with their sustainability practices and with reducing costs. As the leading company in our industry, we are committed to helping our company--as well as our customers and our communities--thrive and prosper through business practices that reflect social responsibility and environmental excellence. In late 2007, we set out four goals for sustainable growth that benefit not only the environment, but also our business as we continue to provide solutions for critical future needs. Here is a report on our progress: We pledged by the year 2020 to lower our emissions and increase our fuel efficiency by 15 percent. We are working with engine manufacturers to achieve this goal. The 21,000 vehicles in our fleet provide a pressing incentive to lower fuel costs and protect the environment. In 2008, we began field-testing the first hybrid waste collection truck and a firstgeneration hybrid dozer for use at our landfills.

2

2008 ANNUAL REPORT

practices, and comments from industry peers and customers. Waste Management was the only company named from the environmental services and equipment category. As we move forward, we will continue our focus on effectively managing our resources, maintaining our We pledged by 2020 to have 25,000 acres of protected land for wildlife habitat and 100 landfills certified by the Wildlife Habitat Council. One year later, we are already halfway to that goal, with 49 of our landfills certified and a total of 21,000 acres around our landfills set aside for wildlife habitat. We pledged by 2020 to triple the amount of recyclable materials we manage. Although recycling markets have been severely impacted by the economy, we made good progress on our pledge during the year, opening four new single-stream recycling facilities. We pledged by 2020 to double our waste-based energy output. In 2008, we commissioned eight new landfill-gas-to-energy plants and launched a new business to build these plants for third parties like municipalities and other waste companies. We also are pursuing a number of waste-to-energy projects in the U.S. and overseas. In 2008, Waste Management was again included on the list of Most Ethical Companies compiled by the Ethisphere Institute, an international think tank dedicated to the research and promotion of corporate responsibility. Ethisphere reviews more than 10,000 of the world's leading companies to assess codes of ethics, sustainable business David P. Steiner Chief Executive Officer This is what makes Waste Management a company you can count on. Thank you for helping to make it so. Sincerely, pricing and cost discipline, and driving efficiency throughout the organization. We are mindful of the focus of investors on cash generation, and we will manage our capital in a manner that continues to produce strong free cash flow. One thing we know: great American companies are fueled by flexibility and innovation. More than ever, these qualities will be needed as companies everywhere must rethink strategies, redefine their response to changing customer needs, and reshape their businesses by bringing forth fresh ideas. We have the best people, the best technology, and the best assets in our industry. Most importantly, we build on these strengths with the willingness and ability to flex when necessity demands it--and to innovate always.

2008 ANNUAL REPORT

3

