To Our Shareholders, Customers, Employees And Communities:
Waste Management provides environmental solutions that are driven by customer needs and fueled by experience, technology and financial strength.
In recent years, we've seen a major shift in thinking about the environment. People are more concerned about our natural resources and what we are doing to ensure the future well-being of the planet. They are choosing to do business with companies that have sound environmental practices. And they are looking to the waste industry--which manages the 243 million tons of municipal solid waste generated every year in the U.S. alone--to step up and do its part. For our industry, the rising tide of environmental awareness means that customers want more than the traditional ways of managing waste. We are being called upon to develop new solutions that meet the environmental and economic needs of a changing world. Waste Management is leading the way. We are working to maximize the value of the waste we collect by pulling more recyclables and reusable materials out of the waste stream and transforming waste into usable resources such as electric power, fuels and specialty chemicals. In short, we are reinventing what can be done with trash. We can make these strides in a challenging economic climate because of our operational and financial strength. Throughout 2010, we proved our ability to weather a down economy and emerge as a stronger company, focused on growth. We worked hard to reduce costs, we maintained our discipline in pricing our services, and we strengthened our sales and marketing efforts. We made investments in information technologies that help us serve customers better, in green technologies that help us manage and transform waste streams including organics and medical waste, and in acquisitions that fit our criteria for growth. In 2010, we continued to demonstrate the financial performance that allows us to produce strong cash flow, fuel our operating needs, fund our growth strategies and return cash to our shareholders. ·We reported revenues of $12.52 billion, an increase of 6.1 percent over 2009 revenues. ·We generated $2.3 billion in cash from operating activities. ·We returned $1.1 billion to our shareholders through increased dividends and common stock repurchases. We paid $604 million in dividends and repurchased $501 million in common stock. ·In addition, the 8 percent dividend increase announced in late 2010 for anticipated future dividends marks eight consecutive years of increasing dividends to our shareholders.

Solutions Driven by Customer Needs
At Waste Management, meeting the needs of our nearly 20 million customers is a driving force behind everything we do. To fully understand these needs, we invest a great deal of time and energy in learning more about our customers and how to service them better than anyone else in our industry. During the year, we completed the realignment of our sales organization to better meet the specific needs of each of the customer segments we serve. This approach allows us to match customers in a particular industry with sales representatives who have specialized training and knowledge about that industry. We also continued to invest in new technologies that give our call center representatives faster access to information about customers and the services they need, making it easier for customers to do business with us. Learning more about the needs of our customers enables us to develop the most effective, efficient environmental solutions for not only managing their waste, but also helping them create less of it and recover value from materials they once discarded. In many cases, we help them turn waste into energy or back into raw materials suitable for reuse. The solutions we provide often go beyond traditional

waste collection and disposal services and can lead to reduced energy use, lower greenhouse gas emissions and lower costs. We pride ourselves on lending our experience and expertise to help customers incorporate sustainability initiatives into their operations. Through our ISO 9001 / 14001 certified professional services division, Upstream®, we work with businesses to minimize the impact of their operations on the environment by providing sustainable, cost-effective strategies. Often, we can help them create a closed-loop strategy that begins with the collection of waste and ends with the beneficial use of that waste--for example, by converting it to landfill gas for use as power in the customer's facilities or transforming the waste into materials that can be re-introduced into the material supply chain. Knowing more about our customers than anyone else is the key to providing programs and services that deliver better solutions. Doing this while maintaining our ongoing focus on environmental performance, safety and customer service will help us earn the customer loyalty that is essential to meeting our financial and business goals.

Solutions for Maximizing the Value of Waste
The waste we collect can be put to a variety of good uses. It can go to a recycling center where materials such as paper, metal, glass and plastics are pulled out and repurposed for further use. It can go to one of our waste-to-energy plants for use as fuel to generate renewable energy. It can go to a composting facility for converting organic waste into soilenriching products or vehicle fuel. Or it can go to a landfill, where the natural gas it creates during decomposition is harnessed and used as a renewable energy resource. Increasingly, we are managing the waste stream as a resource, extracting materials that can be used in ways that create more value than if they were thrown away. Waste Management has long led the way in sustainable recycling solutions. As North America's largest residential recycler of municipal waste, we managed more than 8.5 million tons of recyclable materials in 2010. Following a very challenging year for recycling in 2009, our recycling business rebounded substantially in 2010. A decade ago, we became the first major solid waste company in the U.S. to focus on residential single-stream recycling, which allows customers the convenience of combining all recyclables into a single collection bin without having to separate the materials. We now have 34 single-stream recycling facilities that use advanced sorting technologies to make recycling programs more cost-effective. We also have 214 electronic waste collection depots and eight e-waste recycling and processing facilities to serve this growing

SOLUTION: Dumpster-in-a-Bag®
In 2010, we rolled out a unique retail product to help homeowners and small businesses with projects too small to require a conventional metal dumpster. Waste Management's Bagster® is a "Dumpster-in-a-Bag®" made of a high-strength woven material that can hold up to 3,300 pounds of waste. When the bag is filled, customers can call or go online to schedule pickup service by Waste Management's local operation. Bagster is now sold in over 4,000 retail locations across the U.S. and Canada, including ACE Hardware, The Home Depot, Lowe's, TrueValue and others.

business. Our continuing investment in new technologies for recycling has led to expanded capabilities for other materials such as juice cartons and asphalt shingles. In 2010, we partnered with PepsiCo in the Dream Machine initiative, aimed at increasing the U.S. recycling rate for beverage containers from 34 percent to 50 percent by 2018. The Dream Machine recycling program will place thousands of recycling kiosks in popular public venues and will reward customers with redeemable points to encourage the capture and recycling of both PET and aluminum containers. Also during the year, we invested in a proprietary clean technology that dramatically increases the yield of recycled PET plastic while reducing the materials cost by 50 percent.

and consumer organic products to our organics recycling business through the acquisition of a majority equity interest in Garick LLC, a leading manufacturer and distributor of organic lawn and garden products. We continuously explore new service offerings that answer the demand for alternative solutions to the disposal of waste and enable us to extract more value from the materials we manage. We are investing in greener technologies that include: ·Converting landfill gas into liquefied natural gas (LNG) through a joint venture with Linde North America to develop the world's largest landfill-gas-to-LNG facility, which opened in late 2009 and has the capacity to produce 13,000 gallons of LNG a day ·Developing plasma gasification technology that will convert waste into clean fuels and renewable energy through a joint venture with InEnTec, along with another gasification venture with Enerkem that will convert waste materials into biofuels such as ethanol ·Investing in biogas-to-power offerings with Harvest Power ·Offering trash-compacting containers that run solely on solar power, ideal for sporting venues, schools, malls and municipal customers ·Investing in a technological venture with Terrabon and Valero to convert organic wastes into a high-octane transportation fuel ·Developing processes to convert syngas made from municipal solid waste into chemical products, through a joint development agreement with Genomatica

SOLUTION: Less Waste, More Value
A major brewing company turned to Waste Management to help recover more value from materials both inside its facilities and out, with the ultimate goal of becoming a "zero-waste" company. We enhanced the company's recycling participation, resulting in landfill diversion rates of 90 percent and a reduction in costs of more than 20 percent. Working with the customer, we also created a national reverse-logistics program to recover commodities from non-saleable goods. The result was a closed-loop recycling option that reduced the cost of logistics by 15 percent.

This offers great opportunity for creating more value from recycled PET, which is the world's most recycled plastic. Waste Management began recycling universal waste for commercial and industrial customers in 2007, with a focus on mercury-containing fluorescent lamps. Universal waste requires special handling due to its hazardous content and includes items such as batteries, pesticides and fluorescent lamps. We also offer mail-in solutions for consumers for the recycling of universal household waste through ThinkGreenFromHome.com®, a convenient online service. Last year, customers shipped more than 75 million fluorescent lamps to us for safe recycling. Organic waste, which includes food, yard and wood waste, makes up about one-third of the waste generated in the U.S. and offers us another opportunity to maximize the value found in waste. In 2010, we processed 1.25 million tons of organic waste through 34 organics composting facilities, processing organic waste into products such as soil amendments, organic fertilizers, renewable energy, advanced biofuels and renewable chemicals. In 2010, we added over 1 million tons of processing capacity as well as commercial

Solutions for the Future
In 2007, Waste Management announced four goals for sustainable growth that signify our commitment to providing solutions for critical future needs. These goals reinforce our conviction that what is good for the environment is also good for our business, good for our customers' businesses, good for our communities and good for future generations.

SOLUTION: Cleanup on the Coast
In May, Waste Management was asked by BP to assist in the Gulf Coast cleanup effort along hundreds of miles of coastline following the leak at its Deepwater Horizon MC252 oil well in the Gulf of Mexico. We deployed more than 65 trucks and drivers, 700 containers, 1,000 Bagsters and hundreds of personnel from across our operations. Our role quickly expanded from providing the manpower, equipment and services for emergency cleanup services-- a job for which we are well prepared--to providing vital solutions for the treatment and processing of solid waste, oily liquids and other wastes.

We are making significant progress toward our goals, which include doubling our renewable energy production to power the equivalent of 2 million homes, tripling our recycling capacity to 20 million tons per year, increasing our investment in emerging technologies for managing waste, and protecting more wildlife habitat on our own lands across North America--all by the year 2020. We committed to set aside 25,000 acres of our land for nature preservation and to having at least 100 of our wildlife habitats certified by the Wildlife Habitat Council (WHC) by 2020. I am pleased to report that we attained both these goals in 2010, 10 years ahead of schedule. Waste Management is the only company to have received 30 WHC certifications in one year and to have more than 100 WHC-certified programs.

Processing waste differently is nothing new for Waste Management. For more than 20 years, we have helped to meet the demand for clean, renewable energy through two waste-based power generation initiatives. One uses landfill gas, a clean, natural by-product of decomposing waste that is in abundant supply at our landfills. We capture this gas for use as fuel to generate electricity and for industrial applications. We now have 127 landfill-gas-to-energy plants, with 12 more planned for development in 2011. We also burn waste to generate electrical power through 17 waste-to-energy plants and five independent power production facilities. We are expanding our waste-to-energy business into fast-growing international markets through joint venture and operating opportunities in China and Europe. Altogether, Waste Management's waste-based energy projects produce enough energy to power nearly 1.1 million homes.

We look forward with renewed excitement to creating more solutions for a changing world. We will work to grow our markets by focusing on customer-driven solutions, making strategic acquisitions, maintaining our pricing discipline and making the company operate more efficiently. We will continue to extract more value from the waste stream, invest in greener technologies, and protect and improve the environment. And we will do all of this while maintaining our financial and operational strength so that we can accomplish our work and return value to our shareholders. Thank you for your continuing confidence in our ability to achieve these goals. Sincerely,

David P. Steiner President and Chief Executive Officer

