To Our Shareholders
Williams delivered strong financial and operating performance in 2008: > We achieved a 47-percent increase in earnings. > Our exploration and production business grew domestic natural gas production 20 percent to 1.1 billion cubic feet equivalent a day. We added 200 Bcfe to proved reserves, which grew to 4.3 trillion cubic feet equivalent at year-end. Williams continues to rank as one of the lowestcost natural gas producers in the United States. > Our midstream business made significant progress on several major projects, including the construction of a new 450 million cubic feet per day (MMcfd) natural gas processing plant in the Piceance Basin and two offshore gathering systems in the Gulf of Mexico. > Our gas pipeline business completed three expansions ­ two on the Transco system and one on the jointly owned Gulfstream pipeline. Like most businesses, we and our shareholders are feeling the negative effects of the global recession. And like all energy companies, we are affected by the rapid pullback in energy commodity prices. Our portfolio of natural gas assets, our financial strength and our track record of disciplined growth provide a strong foundation for Williams in this environment. We are well-positioned to manage through this economic downturn and to rapidly seize value-creating opportunities when market conditions improve. Strength and Stability Over the past years, one of our key priorities has been to reinforce Williams' financial base and strengthen the company's balance sheet. Through hard work and our commitment to disciplined growth, we have made measurable progress on this goal as demonstrated by our investment-grade credit rating. Indeed, unlike many other companies, Williams today has a solid financial foundation, which is underpinned by $3.5 billion of liquidity as of March 31, including $1.2 billion of readily available cash, or cash equivalents, and $2.3 billion of unused credit facilities, $1.4 billion of which does not mature until 2012. Additionally, to support liquidity needs related to E&P's hedging activity, we have a special credit facility that is in place until 2013.
Steve Malcolm Chairman, president and CEO

With a portfolio of natural gas businesses, we have greater choice and flexibility in how we allocate our investments. Our aim is to optimize risk and return, while preserving our competitive position in key markets.

The Williams Companies, Inc. 2008 Annual Report » 1

As they say, cash is king, and never more so than in this economic environment. I am pleased to report that our substantial cash flow positions us well in this regard. Williams' mix of natural gas businesses includes two segments that produce a high percentage of fee-based cash flows. Our interstate natural gas pipelines' long-term contracts and the fee-based portion of our midstream business are reliable cashgenerators. We expect to generate $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in cash flow from operations during 2009 from our midstream and gas pipeline businesses. In addition, 62 percent of the estimated net revenues from the company's projected domestic natural gas production for 2009 is protected by hedges in the form of fixed-price contracts and collar agreements that protect us from significant price fluctuations.

the strength and stability of the company and ensures Williams is poised to prosper as the economic environment improves. Exploration & Production As one of the nation's largest natural gas producers, our E&P business operates in some of the richest natural gas basins in the United States. We are consistently among the industry's lowest-cost producers. We specialize in production from unconventional formations such as tight sands, coal-bed methane and shale. Amid the onset of the recession last year, our E&P business still managed to enjoy a record year for production volumes and segment profit, while growing total reserves. Our efficient, low-cost production model, 99-percent drilling success rate and reduced Rockies price exposure all contributed to E&P's ability to perform admirably during 2008. In fact, E&P topped its record 2007 segment profit by 67 percent last year, earning nearly $1.3 billion. Our production volumes also grew 20 percent to 1.1 Bcfd, compared with 960 MMcfd the previous year. This production growth represents the achievement of a key milestone for Williams. In 2006, our executive team set a goal of reaching average daily production of one billion cubic feet by 2009. I'm extremely proud of our E&P team for realizing this ambitious goal.

Williams purchased SandRidge Energy's and other parties' interests in Colorado's Piceance Basin for approximately $285 million cash.

Investment Flexibility With a portfolio of natural gas businesses, we have greater choice and flexibility in how we invest our capital. Our aim is to optimize risk and return, while preserving our competitive position in key markets. In light of the overall economic environment, we chose to reduce capital spending in 2009 to $2.3 billion, compared with $3.6 billion capital and investment expenditures in 2008. We have significantly reduced our Exploration & Production expenditures by utilizing fewer drilling rigs and driving our development costs lower. We are allocating capital to complete ongoing Midstream and Gas Pipeline infrastructure projects that we expect will enhance the company's position when they enter service in 2009-2011. We are deferring certain other investments until the economy, financial markets and commodity prices improve. Williams' flexibility to adjust capital spending further, either up or down, depending on market conditions and value-creating opportunities we see, also supports

Most of this growth has occurred organically, through a strategic drilling program focused on the Piceance Basin in western Colorado and the Powder River Basin in northeastern Wyoming. Our volumes in the Piceance Valley increased 14 percent last year, while Piceance Highlands production grew 24 percent. Volumes in the Powder River Basin increased by 34 percent. We continue to work with tremendous efficiency and ingenuity, utilizing innovative technology to produce more gas from a smaller environmental footprint. Additionally, we are encouraged by early results from our joint-venture participation in horizontal test wells in the Paradox Basin in far western Colorado. While our activities in the West still represent the lion's share of our production, the greatest growth rate last year came in the Fort Worth Basin, where the Barnett Shale play is an increasingly important part of our portfolio. With four rigs operating in the area, volumes grew 66 percent over 2007, to 58 million cubic feet per day.

2 » The Williams Companies, Inc. 2008 Annual Report

While lower Rockies natural gas prices did have an effect on Williams' overall results, our Rockies production was largely insulated from the decrease. Last year, the vast majority of our domestic production ­ 81 percent ­ was not subject to the lower Rockies prices because of financial hedges and strategic transportation agreements. Looking forward, we believe the Rockies' diverse and increasingly mature infrastructure is fast catching up with production, greatly reducing the discount applied to Rockies natural gas prices in recent years. In 2009, we expect our hedges and transportation will shield as much as 88 percent of our domestic production from the effect of Rockies pricing. As we now are in the second quarter in what is a challenging year, we are confident in the ability of our E&P business to create value over the very long term. While we've scaled back the E&P component of our capital program this year, we expect our low-cost status to enable us to ramp up quickly and sooner than many others as economic conditions and commodity markets improve. We also continue to benefit from the integration of Williams' natural gas businesses, which provide both business development opportunities and economies of scale. Our E&P business continues to build on Williams' reputation as a good corporate citizen in the communities where we operate. Both Grand Junction, Colo., and Denton, Texas, named Williams as their "Business of the Year" for our involvement in the community. And the Bureau of Land Management recognized our San Juan Basin team with a "Good Steward" award. These awards reflect our employees' steadfast dedication to making their communities better places to live and work. Midstream Williams operates one of the most significant midstream businesses in North America. We provide large-scale natural gas gathering and processing services, along with natural gas liquids (NGL) fractionation and storage services and olefins production. Our midstream operations are primarily located in the western United States and Gulf of Mexico. We also have operations in western Canada and Venezuela. Although falling commodity prices and other challenges, including two significant hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, led to significantly lower NGL margins in the fourth quarter, Midstream generated very strong 2008 segment profit of $963 million. Also, for the third consecutive year, the business had one of the highest returns on assets in the industry. The global recession has affected the 2009 outlook for our midstream business, just as it has every other business with exposure to commodity prices. However, as previously mentioned, a portion of this business is fee-based gathering services, which are substantially insulated from commodity prices. We also continue to press forward with a number of important expansion projects so we will be ready to create additional value when they go into service. We achieved milestones in a number of these projects last year. In the West, construction continues on the new Willow Creek facility, a natural gas processing plant in the Piceance Basin. Expected to start up this year, this new plant will enable us to capture greater value from our E&P production in Colorado. We also began operations in the Paradox Basin, helping deliver a producer's first gas from this new shale play into our Northwest Pipeline. As a result we received a significant acreage dedication in the heart of this very promising new basin for Williams. Also, the Overland Pass Pipeline, in which Williams owns a minority interest, came on line in late 2008. This new NGL pipeline will provide greater reliability and lower transportation costs for our NGLs produced in the West, as well as access to more favorable markets. In the Gulf of Mexico, production commenced from the Bass Lite and Blind Faith expansions, with better-thanexpected volumes on Blind Faith. Production should also begin flowing into our large deepwater projects ­ Perdido Norte and Tahiti ­ this year.
Construction of Willow Creek, our 450-million-cubic feet-per-day natural gas processing plant in western Colorado's Piceance Basin, is on track to be in service later this year.

The Williams Companies, Inc. 2008 Annual Report » 3

December, Northwest Pipeline posted a record peak
Williams Pipeline Partners L.P. was formed to own and operate natural gas transportation and storage assets. Its common units began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Jan. 18, 2008.

day delivery of 3.52 million dekatherms en route to a record annual throughput of 781 trillion Btu. These projects exemplify our approach to expansions in the gas pipeline business: provide customers with access to the lowest delivered cost supplies. Competing for and growing our markets with this strategy has and will continue to generate long-term value for shareholders. Our gas pipeline business also received a prestigious honor from the Environmental Protection Agency. Late Gas Pipeline Our natural gas pipelines have a well-earned reputation among customers for providing transportation service that is consistently safe, reliable and a good value. These same attributes characterize the pipelines' contribution to Williams' financial performance. Serving markets in the Eastern Seaboard, Pacific Northwest and Southeast, our pipelines transport about 12 percent of the daily U.S. consumption of natural gas. This includes service to numerous major metropolitan areas, including New York City, where we deliver about half of the natural gas consumed on a given day. Last year, our gas pipeline business earned segment profit of $689 million, up from $673 million in 2007. We benefited from the full-year effect of new rates on our Transco system, as well from several expansion projects we brought into service. These improved results were somewhat offset by higher business development costs. Our gas pipeline business continues to pursue disciplined growth opportunities in key market areas. Cash flows of our pipeline expansion projects are anchored by long-term contracts with high credit-quality customers ­ typically, local gas distribution companies with protected franchises and producers, many of which come with letter-of-credit support. In December, we brought into service the first phase of the Sentinel expansion, which is designed to increase our Transco system's deliverability into Northeast markets. We expect the next phases of Sentinel to go into service this fall. In the Pacific Northwest, we increased storage capacity on our Northwest Pipeline system just in time for a severe winter season. The additional storage capacity helped us ensure system reliability and meet greater customer demand caused by the cold weather. In Helping to Meet our Nation's Clean Energy Needs Climate change and energy security demand thoughtful deliberation and determined action. Williams is focused on both of these vital issues. We are hopeful that federal legislation this year and next will strengthen the competitive advantage natural gas holds over other hydrocarbons and contribute to demand growth. Cleaner burning, domestic natural gas now provides about 20 percent of the energy necessary to fuel homes and businesses. Assuming some form of carbon tax or cap-and-trade program is established, as well as target reductions of greenhouse gas emissions, we should continue to see natural gas used at a greater rate for new power plants. We believe natural gas demand will remain strong for many decades. Natural gas is a domestically abundant resource that offers affordability, environmental advantages and has the potential to see demand growth in the transportation-fuel sector. In the place of other hydrocarbons, natural gas makes an immediate contribution to reducing carbon dioxide emissions ­ and it clearly serves as the best fuel to supply necessary reliability for both wind and solar power. Separately, the EPA issued a proposed rule in midMarch of this year that will require Williams to begin reporting its greenhouse gas emissions for 2010, early in 2011. Williams began monitoring its greenhouse gas emissions in 2007. We recently completed an inventory, last year, the EPA awarded Williams with its 15-Year Continuing Excellence award in the Natural Gas STAR Program, which encourages the adoption of costeffective technologies to improve operational efficiency and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. We're honored by this affirmation of our commitment to doing business the right way.

4 » The Williams Companies, Inc. 2008 Annual Report

which we plan to publish later this year in our corporate responsibility report. We are working through industry associations and advocating directly with our state and federal representatives to encourage them to keep in mind the importance of natural gas as they implement a viable energy policy and review potential revisions in the tax laws, access to develop federal lands, how the design of a carbon tax or cap-and-trade system can best work for the U.S. economy and other specifics of climate change policy. Energy efficiency and conservation are also important to reduce emissions and our dependence on foreign energy sources. Williams is improving our energy efficiency, and often reducing costs, by reviewing operations to identify projects that can reduce the amount of fuel we use, implementing new methods and technologies, using hybrid trucks in several of our field operations and taking steps to conserve energy in our buildings and facilities. 2009 Priorities We have identified key priorities for 2009 that will position the company for value creation as we manage through this period of economic uncertainty: > We will maintain our solid balance sheet and liquidity. In March, the company successfully completed a $600 million debt offering that further bolsters the company's financial foundation. > We will continue to drive down costs through rigorous execution and expense discipline. Already, we have seen a sharp decrease in our projectrelated expenses. > We are completing key infrastructure projects that already are under way in our midstream and gas pipeline businesses; we expect those projects to add to our profitable growth. > We are taking a prudent, yet flexible, approach to capital spending, with a 36-percent projected decrease from 2008, primarily in commodity pricesensitive segments of our business. > And, we will seize opportunities when they are consistent with our disciplined approach and enhance our geographic diversity in key growth markets. To achieve these goals, while keeping our operations safe, efficient and reliable, we rely on our dedicated employees. Our employees are integral to protecting

the company's reputation by building mutually beneficial relationships with our stakeholders and responsibly developing natural gas resources while respecting the environment. Our objective is to maintain the integrity of our systems, our diverse knowledge and our core capabilities. In March of this year, we were pleased that Williams was named one of the top three most admired energy companies by Fortune magazine. Well-Positioned for Long-term Value Creation I do anticipate that at some point there will be an economic recovery and with it stronger commodity prices that will translate into increased profitability and valuation for Williams. Since nearly half of U.S. production comes from wells drilled in the last three years, the fairly dramatic cuts taking place in rig counts should have a corresponding reduction in supply ­ helping to support natural gas prices. In the meantime, we are exercising an increased level of financial discipline and seizing opportunities that will generate future earnings capacity. For example, our recently announced midstreambusiness joint venture with Atlas Pipeline Partners L.P. provides Williams with a strategic entry point into one of the largest emerging natural gas plays in North America. Located in the Marcellus Shale formation in southwestern Pennsylvania, the joint venture's anchor customer, Atlas Energy Resources, LLC, estimates 4 to 6 Tcfe of resource potential on its lands. In addition to the anchor-tenant relationship with Atlas Energy, the promising potential throughout the basin will offer substantial opportunity to service other producers in the future. We have reason for optimism even in these challenging times for the global economy. Our focus is clear. Our approach to investment and managing risk is prudent. We have premier assets abundant with opportunities that will be ripe for value-creating investment when the economic recovery begins to take hold. I am confident Williams has the assets, the people, the opportunities and the track record to once again deliver excellent returns to our shareholders. We are looking forward to a rewarding future of value growth. Thank you for your continued support.

STEVE MALCOLM CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CEO April 2, 2009

The Williams Companies, Inc. 2008 Annual Report » 5

