"I cannot overstate how pleased I am with the way our teams performed in 2016. Through uncertainty and change, they continued delivering results and executing on our natural gas-focused strategy."

President and Chief Executive Officer Alan S. Armstrong

Dear Fellow Stockholders,
As I have noted before, the challenging 2016 energy market presented difficulties for companies across the industry. Add to these challenges the uncertainty of a potential merger and it would have been easy to question whether Williams' full-year performance would meet the mark. Those who might ask these questions don't know Williams like I do. I am extremely pleased with the way our teams performed in 2016. Through uncertainty and change, they continued delivering results and executing on our natural gasfocused strategy. The fact that Williams Partners increased fee-based revenues for full-year 2016 over 2015 highlighted once again the effectiveness of our proven natural gas-focused strategy and how well-positioned we are to capture natural gas demand growth now and in the future. Also noteworthy, our disciplined approach drove down expenses for 2016 even as we brought new assets online. Our performance is also the result of decisive actions taken early in the year to reduce costs, strengthen our financial position and further align our workforce with our business plan. In fact, our WMB stock price grew in value by more than 100 percent in the 12 months leading up to Feb. 15, 2017, the day we reported our fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 financial results. In September, we announced organizational changes that simplified our structure. To better serve our customers and focus on our core business, we announced the consolidation of our operating areas from five to three, which optimizes our reporting structure while generating operational and shared-service efficiencies. Also in September, consistent with Williams' strategy to narrow its focus and allocate capital to its core, natural gas-focused business, we announced the start of the process to monetize our Geismar olefins plant, which is progressing, and we closed the sale of our Canadian operations. In the second half of 2016, we announced restructured win-win gathering agreements in the Barnett and Mid-Con with one of our top customers, Chesapeake Energy. In addition, we completed a board refresh process that saw the addition of seven new board members. The management team and entire Williams organization already is benefitting from the counsel and involvement of a Board of Directors whose members bring years of energy industry leadership experience and a solid track record of building and sustaining growth for stockholders. Already, we are making significant accomplishments in 2017. In January, we built on our 2016 successes and took steps to further strengthen our financial position and lowered WPZ's cost of capital to support our peer-leading, high-quality, low-risk growth portfolio. We continue to fortify our focus on natural gas market fundamentals and we expect that 97% of our revenues will be derived from fee-based sources by the end of the year, positioning Williams and Williams Partners for even more longterm, sustainable growth. Demand for natural gas for cleanpower generation, heating, industrial use and LNG continues to increase, as highlighted in January of this year when Transco established record high one-day and three-day delivery volumes. Our Atlantic-Gulf team reached these milestones while also managing a significant amount of construction and maintenance during what turned out to be a relatively mild winter in the Northeast U.S. Thanks to this robust growth, we expect by 2018 to have twice as much fully-contracted capacity on Transco as we did in 2010. Quarter after quarter, the significant advantages of increased fee-based

2016 Annual Report

The Williams Companies, Inc.

1

revenues are evident as we bring demand-driven projects into service. Additionally, as we execute on current projects, our assets continue to attract a steady number of requests for new market area capacity. One of these critical projects is Atlantic Sunrise, for which we received our FERC certificate in February. Construction is now underway on the mainline portion of the system. Also in February of this year, we successfully placed into service our Gulf Trace project, a 1.2 Bcf/d expansion of the Transco pipeline system to serve Cheniere Energy's Sabine Pass liquefaction export terminal in Louisiana. Gulf Trace is just one of five Transco projects that are planned to be completed this year as construction is ongoing on Dalton, Hillabee (Phase 1), New York Bay and Virginia Southside 2. A great example of our employees' dedication to our mission, Gulf Trace was completed under budget -- nearly six months ahead of its original in-service date.

Projects like Gulf Trace make me proud to work with such an outstanding group of professionals who strive to perform their jobs at a high level, safely, every day. I hope you share my pride as fellow shareholders. On behalf of the Board of Directors and our employees across the United States, thank you for your continued trust in Williams. Sincerely,

Alan S. Armstrong President and Chief Executive Officer April 7, 2017

2

The Williams Companies, Inc.

2016 Annual Report

