President and Chief Executive Officer Alan Armstrong

Dear fellow Williams shareholders,
Williams took major steps in 2012 toward our goal of becoming North America's premier provider of energy infrastructure. During the past year, we announced new expansion projects and completed others; increased our competitive footprint through acquisitions in the Northeast and a major investment; completed a strategic reorganization of the company; and delivered solid financial results in the face of declining natural-gas liquids margins. From a business perspective, our course remained steady. We continued to make substantial capital investments to take full advantage of the extraordinary opportunities presented by the North American energy supercycle, spurred by the emergence of shale gas. One would have to go back decades to find a time when so much new infrastructure was required to accommodate the tremendous demand for domestic energy. We believe that Williams has the right combination of people and assets to thrive in this environment. We are investing heavily in the most prolific, fastest growing basins. In fact, we're directing about half of our capital
 2012 Annual Report 

expenditures to growth projects in the Marcellus and Utica shales in the northeastern United States. It's important to understand that we're investing significant dollars -- and significant periods of time for planning, permitting and construction -- before these projects begin generating revenues. This growth strategically positions us to be among the top providers of gathering, processing and transmission services in those markets for many years to come. As our strategy has proven many times before, these positions will allow us to generate sustainable, above-market returns. We continue to make significant progress in moving our revenue mix to greater reliance on fee-based business and diminishing our exposure to commodityprice volatility. In 2014, we expect to have grown our fee-based revenues to nearly $4 billion, up more than 50 percent from fee-based revenues in 2011. The oversupply of natural gas liquids is creating price volatility, so that the margins from which we have benefited in past years are no longer as predictable. Our focus on investing in fee-based businesses helps further inoculate us from those price
The Williams Companies, Inc. 1

SHAREHOLDER LETTER

"We continued to make substantial capital investments to take full advantage of the extraordinary opportunities presented by the North American energy supercycle, spurred by the emergence of shale gas."

swings. In fact, we expect fee-based revenues will represent about 74 percent of our revenues by 2014. Beyond those capital investments, we made a major investment in December last year that we expect to become a very important contributor to continued growth in our earnings, cash flows and dividends in 2015 and beyond. We acquired a 50 percent interest, including incentivedistribution rights, in Access Midstream Partners GP, LLC, and approximately 24 percent of the limited partner units of Access Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE: ACMP). This transaction significantly expands our exposure in the Marcellus and Utica basins. It also provides largescale, strategy-consistent positions that expand our exposure to prolific basins that have been attractive targets for us. For 2013 and 2014, we forecast that Williams will receive distributions from this investment of $92 million and $133 million, respectively. Beyond 2014, we expect that growth to accelerate. We continue to see incredible opportunity in supplying feedstock to the U.S. petrochemical industry. As that industry experiences a renaissance, we are uniquely positioned to provide the products and services necessary to enable the success of our petchem customers. That's why we are investing in numerous projects, especially in the Gulf of Mexico region. We are expanding our Geismar, La., olefins facility; we purchased several strategically located liquids pipelines serving the Houston Ship Channel; and we are pursuing joint development of a major NGL pipeline with Boardwalk Pipeline Partners. That proposed pipeline, known as the Bluegrass Pipeline, is intended to connect Marcellus and Utica producers' NGLs to the Gulf Coast petchem and export facilities, as well as the developing petchem complex in the Northeast U.S. By using a mix of existing and new

facilities, Bluegrass Pipeline would have an in-service date of late 2015. That timing is critical, since existing NGL systems in the Northeast are projected to be overwhelmed by 2016, with total NGL volumes topping 1.2 million barrels per day by 2020. The Bluegrass Pipeline will be complementary to our strong, growing midstream assets in the Northeast, where we now gather more than 1.5 billion cubic feet of natural gas per day. We are gathering about 900 million cubic feet per day on the Susquehanna Supply Hub, which we announced in 2011. We have grown gathering volumes by 80 percent each in the Susquehanna Supply Hub in northeast Pennsylvania and our Laurel Mountain franchise in the southwestern part of the state. As with NGLs and gathering capacity, interstate pipeline constraints also are slowing down shale gas development in the Northeast. To alleviate these bottlenecks, we continue to work on expanding our natural gas transportation capacity in the region. One of those projects, Constitution Pipeline, is a venture with Cabot Oil & Gas and Piedmont Natural Gas. Constitution will connect abundant Appalachian natural gas supplies in northern Pennsylvania with major northeastern markets by 2015. And that's just one of the many interstate gas pipeline expansions we're pursuing in the Northeast, where our Transco pipeline has operated for decades, serving New York City and other major markets. To be sure, the energy supercycle is driving change in our industry. It also is driving change within our organization. At the beginning of 2013, we completed a major reorganization of our company in an effort to move from a holding-company design to a more-focused, operatingcompany mentality. We designed our new organization to maximize our capital investments by transferring knowledge
2012 Annual Report



2

The Williams Companies, Inc. 

SHAREHOLDER LETTER

from established operating areas to new basins and keeping our management focus on best-in-class development and execution of projects and operational excellence. We believe we have built the right organization to ensure that every employee, at every level, is committed to actions that best serve our customers and create value for shareholders. On that note, we are pleased to continue increasing our cash dividends for shareholders. We have reaffirmed our annual dividend growth in each 2013 and 2014 of 20 percent -- the best growth in our industry. This dividend growth is evidence of our long-term, valuecreation strategy and our commitment to shareholders. This upward trajectory of our dividends speaks to the confidence we have in our business strategy and in our investments. We certainly have our challenges, as a company and as an industry, in delivering on the tremendous opportunities in front

of us. We firmly believe we will meet those challenges head on and push through to a new domestic energy economy that benefits everyone -- investors, customers and consumers. Getting there will take decisive leadership. For our part, we believe Williams is providing that leadership, as much through our actions as our words. We are investing in people. We are investing in technology. We are investing in infrastructure. And, most of all, we are investing in a future of renewed prosperity and energy security for North America.

"We believe we have built the right organization to ensure that every employee, at every level, is committed to actions that best serve our customers and create value for shareholders."

Alan S. Armstrong President and Chief Executive Officer April 4, 2013

 2012 Annual Report 

The Williams Companies, Inc.

3

