Dear Friends:


though fiscal 1994 represented an especially to ugh retail environment , our
28,000 Associates met the challenge, as they have always done,  and  our Company once again registered record sales and earnings. We added nearly $12 billion to
o ur substantial sales base; that increase alone would have ranked Wal Mart as the nation's fifth largest retailer. Even more impressive was our profit performance, which approximated our ambitious goal set at the beginning of the yea r. Not to be overlooked are several significant accomplishments during the year, which position us for the remainder of this decade and into the 21st century. T here is no doubt in our minds that Wal Mart has more opportunities today than ever before.

 
Th e accomplishments of fiscal
L99 4 make us a ll the more optimistic about the future. Last year we:
► Continued the successful expansion
of Wal- Mart discount stores in to the Northeast, West Coast and Pacific
Northwest;
► Further rolled out our Supercenters, which are definitely  the  right  concept at the right time, meeting d1e one-stop­ shopping needs of a growing number of consumers;
► Strengthened the market leadership
position of Sam's Clubs through
internal expansion and the acquisition
of99 PACE Membership Warehouse clubs;
► Created more than 77,000 new jobs
in_ 1993    1  once   again more than any other U.S. company;
► Formally established an incremental
Division , which will capitalize o n dynamic growth opportunities.

Net Income Up 17 Percent
Fiscal 1994 net income increased
17 percent to $2.33 billion, or $1.02 per share, from $ 1.99 billion, or$0.87 per share, end of year before. Sales we re up 21 percent to $67.34 billion from $55.48 billion a year ago. Re turn on the
beginning of d1e year shareholders'
 















RobWalcon. Chairman of the Board, joins Associates in the snack bar ai ihe Glenwood Springs, Colorado, Wal-Mart.

equity was an impressive 27 percent, compared with 29 percent a yea r ago.
Despite the highly competitive environment, we continued to benefit from our long-standing emphasis on cost controls, as operating, selling and general and administrative expenses represented only 15.3 percent of sales, we ll below industry averages. Gross margin improved to 20.6 percent from
20.4 percent.
Reflecting d,e record results and confidence in d, e future, the Board of Directors in March 1994 increased d1e annual dividend rate over 30 percent m
$0.17 per share, marking d1e 21st
 
consecutive yea r that the payout has been raised.

Wal-Mart Stores Expansion
During fiscal 1994 our Wal-Mart discount stores moved into two new
stares - Rhode Island and Wasnington, bringing total U. S. coverage to 47 states. We opened 142 new stores this year, which brought the total to l,953 at year end. The successful expansion from our initial southern and
midwestern bases demonstrates the vitality of our concept, and the value that we bring to the consumer.
Wal-Mart stores' record perform­ance in fiscal 1994 included a same­ store sales increase of 8 percent, impressive in a low inflationary retail environment.
During the current year we plan co open 110 new Wal-Marts. We believe in keeping our stores fresh for our
customers and therefore we will expand or relocate 70 to 75 Wal-Marts, while remodeling 60 co 70.

Sam's: Increased Market Share
During fiscal 1994, the number of San1's C lubs surged 64 percent to 419 from 256 the year before, the result of cont inued internal expansion and the
 


2
 
purchase of99 PACE clubs from Kmart Corporation.
Same-store sales at Sam's declined 3 percent for the year. The warehouse club industry has been extremely com­petitive, but an industry consolidation has occurred and Sam's has emerged as the leader.
It is interesting to note that while
the warehouse club industry's viability is being questioned, the operating mar­ gins at Sam's improved slightly during fiscal 1994, despite a highly competi­tive atmosphere.
Because of the PACE acquisition, the numb er of new Sam's will be reduced to 20 this year, and will be located primarily in areas where we already have strong market presence.

Supercenter Growth
We conti nued to roll out our excit­ ing S upcrcencer sto res during fiscal 1994, as their numbers more than dou­ bled, from 30 to 68, and they will dou­ bleagain this year. Most Supercenters
are relocations of existi ng Wal-M art sto res.1l1ey combine food, gene ral merchandise and a wide range of ser­ vices inclu ding pharmacy, dry clean­ ing, portrait studios, photo finishing, hair salons and optica l shops.
Results of the Supercenters have exceeded o ur expectations. Particularly gratifying is the increase in traffic in the general merchandise area. Moreover, Supercenters meet our required return on investment.
This year we will add between 65
and 70 Supercenters.

International Opportunities
Th e formal establishment of our international Division positions us to compete effective ly in today's global
economy. During the year, we increased our level of activity with our partner, CIFRA SA, Mexico's largest rerailer.
In add it ion, the joint venture opened its first two Supercenters in Mexico -
 
Mexico City and Monterrey.We are pleased with the sales at both locations.
Near the end of the fiscal year, we announced an opportunistic acquisition that provides an entry into Canada  - 122 Woolco stores throughout the country. We are confident chat we
can substantially increase the sales in these stores.
The North American Free Trade Agreement (NATTA) enhances our operations in Mexico and Canada, and posistions us to serve one market when trade barriers disappear.
We will continue to explore other global opportunities. While we will proceed cautiously in light of obvious

Don Soderqitist, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, ,vistis wir/1 Associates during the grand opening of ihe Barclesville, Oklahoma, Supercemer.

cultural differences, we are confident that the Wal-Mart concept is "exportable" in pan because of our emphasis on providing the customer with quality, value and service.

New Accounts at Mclane
The Mclane Company, d1e nation's largest distributor of food and non-food items to convenience scores, had a good earnings performance in fiscal 1994 and added more than 6,000 accounts.
Importantly, Mclan e has developed a strategy for the l 990s to  drive accelerated growth. The strategy
 
includes partnerships with vendors through a "quick response" process that utilizes joint planning and electronic data interchange of information. This will enhance Mclane's competitive position.

Equal Hiring Commitment
O ur strong, long-standing commit­ment to providing equal opportunity in employment and in advancement for women and minorities 1s ingrained in our Company's philosophy of respecting the individual. In fact, we made more progress this year than ever before.
Because of the importance of
this issue, we communicate to all applicanes and our Associates this unyielding commitment to equal employment opportunity. Moreover, we regularly monitior our programs and performance regarding the hiring and advancement of women and minorities to ensure that our act ions match our verbal commit men t.

Environmental Initiative
In keeping with Wal-Mart's commitment to improving  the environment, during fiscal 1994, we opened a prototype store in Lawrence, Kansas designed to be as environmentally friendly as possible. The store consists of wood and concrete block construction, which requires one-third less energy to produce than does steel, and a skylight system that allows 40 percent more daylight into the building, working in tandem with fluorescent lights that dim and brighten to balance the natural light. In side the store is an environmental education center and adjacent to the store in a community recycling
collection center. We are learning valuable lessons from this laboratory experiment and will roll our the best ideas to other new stores.


3
 
Lending a Hand
The Company ant.I Associates continue to be good neighbors in their communities. Just a few examples:
► Wal-Mart  and Sam's helped
Midwest flood victims "by the truckload," in the words of the American Red Cross; similarly, cash and relief supplies were provided victims of southern California's
earthquakes in January of 1994.
► Wal-Mart is the largest corporate sponsor of the annual Children's Miracle Network Telethon.
► T h e Company and vendor-partners
teamed up again to contribute to the Competitive Edge Scholarship Fund during fiscal 1994, which provided 79 $20,000 four-year scholarships to students pursuing math, science and
engineering Degrees.
► In honor of the 50th anniversary of the United Negro College Fund, in early 1994 Wal-Mart committed
$1 million to the consortium of 41 private, historically black colleges and universities that participate in the scholarship program.

Making the Difference
Affirming our strong belief that "Our People Make the Difference" is our annual "Yes We Can Sam" suggestion program. Nine Home Office Associates were recognized in fiscal I994 for their efforts that resulted in significant savings to the
 
Company: Terr i Boyd; Dora Hofacker; Susan Lantz; Georgia Litke; Cheryl McArthur; Connie Meyers; Denise Shepherd; Don Simons, and Tanya Stone. In total, 650 ideas were implemented. This year's theme is "Let's Do More in '94!"
These and many other untold examples reflect the spirit of team­ work that has always characterized Wa l-Mart. Our Associates'
outstanding performance has played a major role in building the outstanding reputation that our Company enjoys, and has led co recognition such as our being included in both editions of a


Da,vidGlass, President and Chief Executive Officer, talks with Associates in the coy deparcmem of rl1e Rogers, Arkansas, \l.7cd-Man.
 
popular book, "The lOO Best Companies to Work for in America."

Positive Outlook
As we look coward the cu rrent fisca l year and the next century, we are confident that our positive sales
and earnings momentum will continue. While we recognize that stock prices by their very nature fluctuate, we
are confident th.at outstanding perfomance will be recognized by investors. 111 this effort, we know chat
our Associates will continue to strive for excellence, never being satisfied with yesterday's successes.
ll1e following pages of chis report discuss some of the reasons we are convinced that the Company has more opportunities than ever before.
Included is a brief discussion of the principles that have always guided our Company. Ln a<ldir ion, a theme section amplifies four key growth areas -
Wal-Mart discount stores, Supercenters, Sam's Clubs and the
International Division.
All of us appreciate the hard work and dedication of our Associates and the support an<l cooperation of our vemlor-partncrs. Working cogently, we will achieve continued success score by score, as we serve the needs of the community and customer on an increasingly global basis, and provide a rewarding investment for our shareholders.
 


 
Thank you for your confidence in the Associates of Wal-Mart.


 

 

S. Robson Walto n
Chairman
of the Board
 
Go-
Donald G. Soderquist Vice Chainnan and Chief Operating Officer
 

 
David D. Glass
President and
Chief Execurive Office,·
 





4
