LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT

David D. Glass, President and Chief Executive Officer

TH GROW by design
With a strategy for improving returns on our investment base,Wal-Mart focuses on customer and shareholder value.
s I reflect on the year just ended, I cannot help but feel proud of what our Wal-Mart associates have accomplished. Fiscal 1998 was another record year. Every one of our operating divisions increased their sales, earnings and return on assets. Sales increased by $13 billion, or 12%, in fiscal 1998. More importantly, earnings per share grew by more than 17%, which combined with our dividend yield, exceeded our 15% total shareholder return target. This last result

A

came at some personal cost though. I promised our team that I would work as a People Greeter in one of our stores if we exceeded 15% earnings growth. This is a promise I am happy to keep. Our focus on asset management continued to produce results, as our return on assets improved 0.6% to 8.5%. We achieved this improvement while continuing to invest in the growth of the business through an aggressive capital expenditure program and international acquisitions. Further, our return on equity improved to

almost 20%. Seldom can you count on everything coming together as well as it did this year. We believe we could always do better, but we improved more this year than I can ever remember in the past. Our results exceeded our own aggressive internal goals and the stock market rewarded us for our accomplishments. As much as I would like to tell you that the stock price will increase this year by another 73%, I can't. If I did, I am sure some of you would remind me that there were years in recent history when the share price didn't increase at all. However, over time our stock will reflect the results of our efforts. This year's increase was a well-deserved reward for our associates and shareholders. Not many years ago, it was widely believed in the investment community that Wal-Mart was a maturing company in a maturing industry. No matter how well we did, according to many on Wall Street, our prospects for growth were limited because we had simply gotten too big. The "law of large numbers" would hold us back. I am happy to say that was not the case. The Wal-Mart division had an excellent year. Sales increased by 10%, while inventory actually declined. This inventory reduction was accomplished without reducing assortment or affecting in-stock levels. Gross margin improved through better merchandising, without raising prices. Operating expenses declined as a percentage of sales, without sacrificing service. Supercenters, our vehicle for domestic growth, continued its rapid unit growth while improving profitability. Since we began that business in 1987, Wal-Mart Supercenters have grown to be the largest hypermarket chain in the world and one of the largest grocery retailers in the United States. The Supercenter was not really a new idea but a logical extension of the discount store. Throughout Wal-Mart's history, we have added

4

merchandise categories to provide a broader assortment and a onestop shopping experience. The Supercenter is the next step in those efforts, offering the customer a full range of general merchandise and food in one location. The result is a new retail format that competes effectively worldwide with discount stores and grocery stores alike. Acceptance of these stores has exceeded our expectations, and we plan to add an additional 120 to 125 units domestically in the coming year. The SAM'S Club division had a good year, with improvements in both sales and earnings. Mark Hansen joined the talented team at SAM'S Club as president, and together they will reposition the concept for the 21st century, offering members even greater value and service. Our enhanced membership benefits and efforts to define the "Millennium Club" will establish SAM'S Club as the best warehouse club in the business. I believe Mark and his team will take the concept to a new level in the coming year and re-ignite growth in the SAM'S Club business. If Wal-Mart had been content to be just an Arkansas retailer in the early days, we probably would not be where we are today. State borders were not barriers, and people and ideas moved freely from one area to another. The retailer who incorporated the best practices, gathered from various regions of the country, and who offered the best prices, assortment and service, earned the customer. We believe the successful retailers of the future will be those that bring the best of each nation to today's consumer. We call it "global learning." We are committed to being a successful global retailer and we believe the attributes that made us successful in the United States will also lead to success internationally.

Our first international goal was to be the dominant retailer in each country in North America. We accomplished that goal this year. Canada had an outstanding year. This year's double-digit sales gains allowed us to almost triple sales since we acquired 122 Woolco stores four years ago. Profits exceeded even our own estimates, and market share continues to grow. With the tender offer for Cifra shares and merger of the joint ventures in Mexico, we now have a controlling interest in Mexico's largest retailer. Cifra now operates stores with a variety of concepts in every region of Mexico, ranging from the nation's largest chain of sit-down restaurants to a softlines department store. Our second goal was to penetrate South America, and our startup operations in Argentina and Brazil are progressing as planned. Our emerging market focus in Asia began in China, where we have good customer acceptance but insufficient critical mass, as yet, to sustain profitability. Finally, on Dec. 30, 1997, we completed the acquisition of 21 hypermarkets in Germany, marking our first entry into Europe, one of the largest consumer markets in the world. The year was marked by other notable accomplishments. Return on assets and equity continued to improve as we eliminated $1.4 billion from inventories. While the financial community assumed the impact of our asset management would be on the interest expense line in the financial statements, the effect was even more far-reaching. Sales increased as we offered customers fresher inventory, margins improved as markdowns and shrink declined, and expenses decreased as merchandise handling was reduced in the stores. All this allowed us to end the year with almost $1.5 billion in cash.

We will aggressively expand with budgeted capital expenditures of approximately $4 billion in the coming year and, at the same time, we will look for further opportunities to increase our international presence. Additionally, our cash flow and earnings growth will allow us to continue our share buyback with the expectation that we will repurchase $2 billion more in stock over the next 12 to 18 months. Despite the law of large numbers, we believe that our stated target of total annual shareholder return of 15% remains quite achievable. My congratulations and gratitude to our associates for their sacrifices, dedication and enthusiasm that translated into one of the best years this company ever experienced. Thanks also to our shareholders and customers for your support. I truly believe that with the momentum we have, fiscal 1999 will be even better.

vs. the combined
* DJIA DJIA* 30 30

% growth in stock price 1997

73%

23%

DJIA

WAL-MART

*Dow Jones Industrial Average
Allied Signal, Inc., Aluminum Co. of America, American Express Co., AT&T, Boeing, Caterpillar, Chevron, Coca-Cola, E.I. DuPont, etc., Eastman Kodak, Exxon, General Electric, General Motors, Goodyear Tire & Rubber, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, International Paper Co., J.P. Morgan, Phillip Morris Cos., Johnson & Johnson, McDonald's, Merck, 3M, Procter & Gamble, Sears Roebuck,Travelers Property/Casualty, Union Carbide, United Technologies, Wal-Mart, Walt Disney Co.

5

