


TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS


PauI L. Foster Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board Western Refining, Inc.
 
Western Refining achieved a number of significant objectives during the past twelve months, and I look back at 2010 with a great sense of pride.
As I mentioned to you in 2008 and 2009, the economy and other factors created unprecedented challenges for refiners. In respons,ewe developed an aggressive plan for 2010 to maximize the value and productivity of our assets. Our strategy laid out certain goals, with the intent of building a foundation to be prepared for a healthier economy and a more positive refining environment. Today, I am pleased to report that the Company is now reaping some of the benefits of that hard work.
One of Western's major actions during the year was to temporarily suspend refining operations at the Yorktown refinery and target our efforts on enhancing the value of Yorktown's refined products terminal and storage facili ty. Our expectations remain high for Yorktown as a strategic and valuable east-coast asset for the Company. In addi tion, we believe the connection to the Colonial pipeline, scheduled for completion in June 2011, will give us access to more refined produc t, adding further value to our operations in Virginia.
In 2010, we also completed the consolidation of operations at the Bloomfield refinery with those of our Gallup refinery. It is important to note that this integra tion, along with other expense reduction measures implemented throughout the year, contributed to our target of $50 million in annualized cost savings . We exceeded that target, and expect those savings to be sustainable.
Our retail business continues to be profitable, consistent with that group 's steady, year-to-year performance. We believe we serve our retail markets with a respected brand of convenience and value, and we are proud of the accomplishments of our retail stores.
As part of our plan to address the challenges created in '08 and '09, our wholesale business underwent broad changes, including significant cost-savings measures. The business has emerged strongly from these changes and reflected a significant recovery during 2010. We're very proud of the commitment, dedication, and performance of our Wholesale Group.
I have mentioned cost-savings measures a number of times in this letter, because meeting those goals was critical to our plans. During 2010, we were able to reduce our debt by $47 million. We concurrently worked closely with our lenders to amend our credit facilities and favorably adjust certain financial covenants. These actions have given us added flexibility in making decisions and investments that are in the best long-term interest of the Company. As the economy continues to show some gains and refining margins improve, we plan to accelerate actions to further address our debt structure and positively impact our balance sheet.
Over the past six years, our capital expenditures have been substantial. Some of that cost was to enhance our technology and infrastructure to broaden our refining capabilities. But to a great degree, most of those expenditures were driven by regulatory requirements. The bulk of our regulatory spending is behind us, and as a result, our capital spending forecast for 2011 is $66 mil lion. This compares to $116 million in '09 and $222 million in '08. Obviously, this is an advantage going forward in that we can redirect some of our free cash flow to debt service and further strengthen our balance sheet.
I believe that we have two of the best, most profitable refineries in the industry for their size. Confirmation of that is the fact that during the year, our refineries in El Paso and Gallup began experiencing an advantage that continues to be very positive. Over several years, we broadened our ability to refine a wider range of crude inputs. That ability, in combination with our inland locations, allows us to favorably purchase and refine crude oil with a price based upon West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude, which is currently at a significantly lower price than other like crudes. Our El Paso and Gallup refineries are situated to take full advantage of this opportunity.
The people who work at Western Refining continue to be the heroes of our Company. Their dedication to excellence is evident in our outstanding safety and environmental records, as well as in their attention to serving our broad customer base and in ensuring that fuel supplies are available when and where they are needed. That dedication was demonstrated in early 2011 when a record-breaking cold snap hit El Paso , making refining operations extremely difficult. I am very proud of how our people handled that situation and the manner in which they dealt with the hardships of a forced refinery shutdown.
Everyone in the Company was affected by that event, and we extend our thanks and appreciation for their excellent response and hard work.
Finally, to our shareholders, I wish to say thank you for remaining steadfast as we worked through two very difficult years and headed into 2010. We faced significant challenges, but we believe our plans to meet those challenges provided a very solid foundation for future growth. I am proud to say that 2010 reflected major achievements in that regard, and ii is my belief that today, we are a stronger, better Company. Going forward, we will continue to build this Company for long-term value, while doing our part to maintain the respect we have among our customers, the industry, and in the communities where we live and work.


[) ;7/	.
