

 



TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 

Dear Shareholders,
2012 was a record year for our Company. As I look back at the extraordinary achievements made by Western Refining over the past twelve months, I am extremely proud of what was accomplished and have a great sense of pride in how we achieved these milestones.
You may recall that just three years ago, we began implementation of a strategic plan to strengthen the Company's balance sheet reduce debt and guide Western through some of the most severe challenges ever faced by this Company
and this industry. Since 2010, the Company has remained dedicated to that strategic plan, and Western's management has focused on following through on every component of the plan that would better position us for improved financial strength. The year 2012 is, in part, the result of that work.
I believe the Company's performance this past year is a testament to the discipline, determination, and teamwork that exists within the executive leadership and the employees of Western. It exemplifies our singular mission to build shareholder equity while operating a sound, well-respected Company in every category of our business. I am perhaps most proud that the accomplishments reflected in this year's report were achieved in a very short time--less than three years.
Let me share some of the key highlights of 2012:
•	The Company recorded Adjusted EBITDA of $1.08 billion, the highest EBITDA in its history;
•	Western built cash reserves to $454.0 million in 2012, while at the same time reducing its debt by
$304.1 million resulting in total net debt of $45.9 million at year-end;
•	The Company returned $323.0 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
These achievements resulted in Western being the highest dividend-yielding equity in 2012 among all the companies we consider our peers. Truly, this was a remarkable year for our Company.
Our 2012 Adjusted EBITDA was helped by discounts on the price of WTI crude oil that we purchase from the Permian Basin area versus that of Brent-based crude oil. These differentials, combined with the favorable location of our refining assets, helped Western realize exceptionally strong refining margins throughout the year. We remain in an excellent position to continue to take advantage of positive crude oil price differentials and favorable margin conditions.
During the year, we continued to invest in growth initiatives as well as in the safety and reliability of our refineries. We expanded the crude oil capacity of our Gallup refinery, giving us additional ability to capitalize on cost-advantaged crude oil available in the region. In addition, we increased our crude gathering capabilities in the Permian Basin by investing in a new gathering system that is nearing completion. Both our El Paso refinery and our Gallup refinery continue to operate well.
Our Retail business is a key component in Western's overall integrated system of continuous, long-term distribution of refined products. In 2012, the Retail division again experienced substantial growth and profitability, and I continue to be proud of their consistent, successful performance.
In 2012, our Wholesale division had a record year of operating income, with both sales and margins up versus 2011. Bulk fuels, lubricants, fleet sales, and automotive chemical sales continue to improve, and we are pleased with the significant growth of our Wholesale division in these categories.
As we go forvvard, Western is well situated to fully capitalize on cost-advantaged crude oil and favorable margin conditions. We are continuing to lock in favorable crack spread hedge positions on part of our future gasoline and diesel production. In addition, we have increased capacity at our Gallup refinery, we are evaluating an expansion of the El Paso refinery, and we have started operations at our Delaware Basin Crude Oil Gathering Project, a new crude gathering infrastructure in place in the Permian Basin. This Delaware Basin System project should ensure that we will continue to have access to higher quality crude oil, with a better yield, and at a favorable price. All of these initiatives enhance our ability to capitalize on favorable market conditions now and in the future.
From a financial perspective, our reduced debt and reduced annual interest expense, along with our increased cash flow, provides Western the opportunity to make advantageous, pro-active strategic decisions for future growth. We now have greater financial flexibility to quickly capitalize on opportunities and to structure transactions most beneficial to the Company and its shareholders.
We will continue to focus on our long-range, strategic plan to further strengthen our balance sheet invest in the reliability and safety of our refining assets, and make every attempt to provide exceptional returns to our shareholders.
At the start of this letter, I mentioned that I was extremely proud of what the Company accomplished in 2012 as well as the manner in which the Company achieved these milestones. In that regard, I want to thank our executive leadership and management teams for their hard work and commitment to our strategic plan -the result of which is remarkable improvement in 2012 in the Company's financial strength and value. I believe we have an exceptional Board of Directors; I thank them for their continued loyalty and service. As always, I am grateful for our shareholders and thank them for the trust they place in Western.
 






















Paul L. Foster Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board Western Refining, Inc.
 

Sincerely,



Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board
