 Dear Shareholders,
Western Refining had an outstanding 2014 across all areas of the Company. Following our strategic plan and goals
for 2014, we made significant gains in the refining, retail, wholesale, and logistics segments; we further enhanced a very positive balance sheet; and we provided exceptional returns to our shareholders. In reflecting on the Company’s year, two words come to mind: delivery and value. I am extremely proud that, throughout 2014, Western Refining delivered significant results and built the value of this Company for its shareholders.
During the year, the Company returned approximately
$553 million in cash to shareholders. That return included regular and special dividends of $294 million and share repurchases of $259 million. Since 2012, Western Refining has returned over $1.2 billion in cash to shareholders
while continuing to significantly grow the Company. That
is an extraordinary accomplishment, and I attribute this achievement to our leadership team and to their commitment to the sound growth of this Company. I thank them, and commend them, for their exceptional efforts.
Overall, 2014 was exceptional in terms of operating performance and reliability for each of our business segments. We’re especially proud of our safety records at the El Paso and Gallup refineries.
In 2014, the Company achieved record total crude oil throughput of 155,019 barrels per day at our El Paso and Gallup refineries. During the year we increased the amount of cost-advantaged crude oil from the Delaware Basin
that we delivered to our El Paso refinery. We had strong gross margins at both refineries, as we continued to take advantage of favorable crude oil differentials.
Over the last year, Western Refining continued to make significant capital investments to enhance our ability to gather and deliver – via direct pipeline access – cost- advantaged crude oil. This allows us to realize the best yields at our refineries. The Delaware Basin continues to play an important role in this strategic effort. During the year, we began the reversal of the Tex NewMex Pipeline and extension, which is now operational. This initiative will further our goal of transporting more crude oil from the Permian and San Juan Basins to the El Paso refinery.
In addition, we launched the Bobcat Pipeline project in March of 2015, which will give the Company greater ability to move crude oil out of the Delaware Basin to locations eastward. We also made investments in new storage facilities in the Four Corners area and Mason Station, and added additional gathering lines
in the Delaware Basin. All of these initiatives are in line with our strategy to further develop infrastructure in order to capitalize on the location of our assets.
Western Refining owns 100% of the general partner and 66% of the outstanding units of Western Refining Logistics, LP (WNRL). The master limited partnership completed the $360 million acquisition of Western Refining’s Wholesale segment during the year. Because of the efficient manner in which the acquisition was financed, and because of the rapid growth of WNRL, the partnership now enjoys significant liquidity. The outlook for WNRL is positive. In 2014, the wholesale fuel and lubricants business performed well, and crude oil trucking volumes continued to grow. We expect this acquisition will increase WNRL’s estimated annual EBITDA by more than 50%.
Our Retail business continues to provide Western Refining with a stable and secure outlet for our refinery production. The Retail segment had one of its strongest periods ever in the fourth quarter of 2014, with record EBITDA, and we expect retail results to continue to be favorable. This exceptional performance was driven by higher fuel margins and growth in merchandise sales. In early 2015, we added 31 new, southern Arizona retail locations to our Retail business, bringing the total stores we operate to 261 – an increase of over 100 stores in four years.
We continue to be very pleased with our investment in Northern Tier Energy, in which WNR owns 100% of the general partner and approximately 38% of the outstanding units. NTI has given us diversity in the geographic locations of our refining assets. In addition, the refinery in St. Paul Park, Minnesota, has direct pipeline access to cost-advantaged crude oil from the Bakken and from Canada, resulting in significant cash contributions to Western Refining in every quarter of 2014. During the year, we exceeded by 50% our first-year goal of achieving $20 million in annual synergies between Western and Northern Tier.
I would like to thank all of our employees for their continued focus on the Company’s Core Values. In addition to the
great work they do for Western Refining, our employees are exemplary in their volunteer work, their charitable generosity, and their ongoing efforts to make the communities we serve better places for all of us. And as always, I appreciate our shareholders and thank them for the trust they place in Western Refining.
Sincerely,
Paul L. Foster Executive Chairman, Chairman of the Board
 