
 
Paul L. Foster

Dear Shareholders,
Western Refining had a very successful year in 2015. All of our business segments realized positive results during the year, with changes and improvements in line with our 2015 strategic plan and goals. We continued to provide exceptional returns to our Shareholders, and I am extremely pleased with our 2015 results .
I am often asked how fluctuating crude oil prices affect a refiner's profitabili ty. Refining margins are primarily driven by supply and demand factors relating to both refined products and crude oil, so we don't rely on either high or low crude oil prices for profitability. In general, supply and demand dynamics tend to be more favorable with lower prices because low energy prices have a positive impact on the overall economy. During 2015, despite the tumultuous fluctuations in crude oil prices, Western maintained
very strong margins, resulting in another solid financial performance by the Company.
I am proud to share with you some key highlights of our year that reflect the results Western Refining achieved in
2015 - results that give our Company additional financial and operational flexibility for future growth.
Shareholder Value
In 2015, the Company returned approximately $234 million in cash to shareholders, including dividends of $129 million and share repurchases of $105 million. Our goal in 2016 is to take a balanced approach between strengthening our balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders . In line with that plan,
in the first two quarters of 2016, Western Refining declared dividends of $0.38 per share per quarter, which reflects a 27% increase over the first quarter of 2015. I am very proud that since 2012, our Company has returned over $1.4 billion in cash to our shareholders. I attribute this achievement to the
extraordinary commitment of our leadership team to grow this Company and deliver exceptional shareholder value.
Western Refining Logistics and Northern Tier: Building and Leveraging Assets
The Company continued its strategic plan during the year to build a unique, highly integrated supply system and diversify our refining assets.
Western Refining Logistics continues to perform well, contributing $41.4 million in net income for the year. In late 2014, WNRL purchased the wholesale business from
Western Refining, and in 2015, acquired Western's TexNew Mex pipeline. These assets are designed to enable Western Refining, in combination with WNRL, to move crude oil directly from the producer to our refineries, and refined products to commercial users and retail customers. Under
 
the WNRL structure, our wholesale fuel and lubricants business remains a unique component within the Company's integrated supply system. Western Refining Logistics and Western Refining now have an integrated supply system infrastructure that gives us greater access to advantaged crude oil, reduces our reliance on rail shipments, and gives us the capability to more efficiently move crude oil to our refineries and to Midland and the Gulf Coast.
Since the beginning of 2015, WNR and WNRL have added approximately one million barrels of crude oil storage.
Western Refining also invested approximately $127 million in discretionary capital focused on improving our refining operations and expanding our logistics infrastructure.
Our investment in Northern Tier Energy (NTI) continued to provide exceptional returns during 2015. For the year, NTI contributed $123.1 million in net income to the Company. As I have mentioned in past reports, NTI gives us greater diversity in our refining operations as well as direct access to advantaged crude oil from the Bakken and from Canada. During the year, Western Refining entered into a definitive merger agreement with Northern Tier Energy to purchase the remaining publicly­ held units that Western does not already own.
The Company will continue to look for strategic opportunities to further enhance and leverage our assets for growth and profitability.
Refining
Our refineries had record total crude oil throughput of 152,000 barrels per day, with our refining operations generating strong gross margins. These positive margins were due partly to effective management of costs, access to advantaged crude, and strong demand for gasoline. Western Refining continued its strong commitment to safety and reliability, and we are proud of our operating performance and reliability at both refineries.
Retail
Our retail outlets had record fuel volume, merchandise sales, and profitability during 2015. We added 31 stores in the southern Arizona region, bringing our retail gas and convenience store locations to 258 stores. Our retail locations are an integral component in our distribution system of refined products, and we will continue to explore additional opportunities for retail growth.
Since our Company's founding, we have been committed to four core values: safety, environmental stewardship,
community service, and high ethical standards. I believe it is this commitment that makes Western Refining a very special company. All of us at Western take ownership of these values, and we try to live them daily. The results of this collective commitment show in the high regard our Company has in
our industry and in the cities where we live and work. Our employees have earned this respect and I am very proud of, and thank, every one of them.
As always, I appreciate our shareholders and thank them for the trust they place in Western Re fining .
Sincerely,


Paul L. Foster Executive Chairman, Chairman of the Board
