



DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS:

2005 was an exciting year for Western Refining. We achieved record net income of
$201.1 million . We produced these results while maintaining a very impressive record of reliability and safety. Also, we began the process of our initial public offering whereby Western Refining Company, L.P. became the operating subsidiary of Western Refining, Inc. Western Refining, Inc. began trading January 19, 2006 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Our record 2005 net income of $201.1 million was a 198% increase over 2004 net income of $67 .5 million. The improved net income was the result of several factors including increased refining margins and increased throughput at our El Paso refinery. Total refinery throughput increased to 116 ,510 barrels per day in 2005 from 109,145 barrels per day in 2004. We accomplished this increase in throughput with minimal capital spending.
I am very proud of our ability to continue increasing throughput at our refinery while maintaining our safety and reliability records. Western and our employees regard safety and reliability as two of our top priorities. These priorities are reflected in our placement among the top in our industry for reliability. We also have been recognized by industry groups for outstanding safety achievements. We will continue to place high importance on these goals.
The completion of our initial public offering in January 2006 enhances our financial position. We used the proceeds of this offering to repay the entire balance of our term debt, resulting in a debt-free company. This debt reduction further strengthens our financial position and will save approximately $9.6 million in annual interest expense. Additionally, our strong financial position will enable us to take advantage of strategic opportunities and position us for further growth.
We have started and are continuing many refinery initiatives that will allow us to improve our crude oil processing flexibility, expand refining capacity, increase production of higher-value refined products and satisfy certain regulatory requirements. These initiatives include the implementation of a sulfuric acid regeneration and sulfur gas processing plant. This plant will give us the flexibility to increase our sour crude oil processing from approximately 10% to over 50% of our daily crude oil throughput. We completed an upgrade in the first quarter of 2006 that allowed us to increase our total crude oil processing capacity to over 115,000 barrels per day from 108,000. We plan to further increase this capacity to 120,000 barrels per day in 2007. In 2006 and 2007, we plan to increase our production of Phoenix grade cleaner burning gasoline and maximize the financial benefits derived from the expansion of the Kinder Morgan pipeline from El Paso, Texas to Tucson and Phoenix, Arizona. Finally, in the first quarter of 2006, we completed the upgrade to our diesel hydrotreater, which will enable us to produce ultra low-sulfur diesel in advance of the deadline set by the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
I want to thank our employees for their numerous contributions to our success.
Since we acquired the refinery in El Paso in 2003, our employees have met every challenge we placed before them . Their hard work and efforts will help us continue our growth and success.
Finally, to our new stockholders, I want to thank you for your support and confidence.
I can assure you that we will continue to work each day to increase stockholder value and to build a company in which each of you is proud to be a stockholder.
We look forward to another successful year in 2006!





Paul L. Foster
President and Chief Executive Offi cer Western Refining Company
