    WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES
      To Our Shareholders   In fiscal 1999, your Company worked aggressively to fulfill the strategic goals set in the previous year. We have concentrated our focus on our core strengths in steel processing and metals-related businesses. We are committed to strategically build upon our established leadership position in every major market we serve — processed steel products, pressure cylinders, and metal framing.
We believe our industries are becoming more competitive. We must therefore improve our efficiencies, reduce our costs, and optimize our asset usage to maintain our position of industry leadership. The goal of our strategic focus is
to redefine the standards of excellence we have set in our businesses and to position the Company for superior long- term financial performance. We intend to redefine industry
leadership and continue to be the Company others strive to emulate.
Key Strategic Actions During Fiscal ’99
• Divesting seven businesses which were not in our core industries;
• Restructuring the management organization of Worthington Steel, to better align, control, and leverage its resources;
• Continuing the global expansion of Worthington Cylinders by acquiring three production facilities in Europe;
• Launching two new product lines at Dietrich, enhancing our ability to supply steel products to fully frame buildings;
• Developing a leadership team working under a common vision;
• Reorganizing or outsourcing key functions across the Company;
• Repurchasing 6.8 million shares of Worthington stock. Fiscal 1999 was the 44th consecutive year in which
Worthington Industries earned a profit. We have done so every year since Worthington was founded. The Company’s financial performance for this fiscal year met our expectations with increases in both sales and earnings from continuing operations. Sales from continuing operations were up nine percent from fiscal ’98 at $1.8 billion. Earnings from continuing operations were $84 million. Earnings per share were $.90, up six percent over last year. These results were accomplished despite several obstacles, the largest being unusually depressed cold-rolled steel pricing, leading to
   2

     WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES
      greater than expected start-up losses at our Decatur facility. We were also able to overcome the negative impact from the strike at General Motors in our first quarter and the costs associated with the Y2K readiness program. I am proud of the team for meeting our previously announced expectations for the year.
We increased our dividend for the 31st consecutive year, something we have done every year since our initial public offering. Worthington is among an elite group of companies that has achieved such a dividend growth record.
Fiscal 1999 saw many new faces entering key leadership positions within the Company. The most significant was the addition of John Christie as President and Chief Operating Officer, succeeding Don Malenick, who retired after 41 years with the Company. Prior to joining Worthington, John was President of JMAC, Inc., the McConnell family’s investment company and Worthington’s largest shareholder, where he acquired a strong understanding of our history, philosophy, and business strategy.
While we are excited and confident about John’s future contributions, we will miss Don’s leadership and knowledge of the business that helped get us to where we are today. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire Company, I thank Don for all of his leadership, hard work, and loyalty throughout the years. We appreciate the time Don spent with John Christie to achieve a smooth and successful transition.
By redefining industry leadership, we are well-positioned to drive shareholder value into the 21st century.
Fortune magazine selected Worthington Industries among the “100 Best Places to Work.” Having been included in both editions of Robert Levering’s book, The 100 Best Companies to Work for in America, Worthington Industries is among a small number of companies to be recognized in all four versions of the survey. These surveys recognize what we have worked hard to create — one of the nation’s strongest employer/employee relationships. We will continue to work hard to build on that legacy.
As we begin fiscal 2000, rewarding the loyalty and support of our shareholders remains our top priority. With our divestitures behind us, we will drive the new steel organization forward and take full advantage of the other initiatives launched during the year. By redefining industry leadership, we are well-positioned to drive shareholder value into the 21st century.
Thank you for your continued support of Worthington Industries.
Chairman and CEO
We are honored that for the second consecutive year,
   3
John P. McConnell
