  TO ALL WORTHINGTON
INDUSTRIES SHAREHOLDERS,
WE OBSERVED A MILESTONE THIS YEAR AS WORTHINGTON
INDUSTRIES TURNED 60.
On June 3, 1955, our Company was incorporated and so began a 60-year success
story. Today, Worthington Industries is guided by the same principle of delivering products
and solutions to our customers as we were on that first day, but we do it across many business
segments and around the globe. We remain focused on the customer, as Our Philosophy states, “Without
the customer, we have nothing.”
As a Company, we have seen and learned a lot in our six decades, and we have experienced ebbs and flows. Fiscal 2015 was a year with
some ups and downs, and I will review some of them, as well as give you a sense of how we will continue to deliver on our first corporate
goal to earn money for our shareholders and increase the value of their investment. Our strategic plan focuses on growing Steel Processing and Pressure Cylinders, and we believe both businesses, as industry leaders,
are uniquely positioned to do so. We have the tools in place and the people to improve margins, generate cash and invest in our future. In addition to our
emphasis on organic growth, we are enhancing growth through acquisitions, consolidating our markets and looking for exciting new markets to leverage
our core strengths. We have a strong capital base and ample liquidity to continue on this path.
                
 Our results in fiscal 2015 were hindered by the headwinds of falling steel and oil prices. While the economy has improved, there are still sectors, like construction, that still have not recovered. We also faced some operational challenges during the year which included production inefficiencies at our Wisconsin Pressure Cylinders facility, the result
of a difficult plant consolidation. The Engineered Cabs business has been consolidated to two facilities to better match demand. This business, which designs and manufactures operator cabs or mobile equipment, continues its Lean initiatives to improve operations and profitability. The strategy moving forward will better position its services with customers by working on design cost reduction and common tooling platforms with OEM partners.
A word about our oil and gas outlook. We have made several investments in companies driven
by the production, transportation and consumption of inexpensive, clean burning natural gas. Even though these markets have declined, along with the price of oil and natural gas, we still firmly believe in their long-term fundamentals. These markets will come back, and when they do, we are well-positioned for opportunities in oil and gas energy production and distribution in the U.S.
DRIVING TRANSFORMATIONAL GROWTH
We started the Company’s Transformation in January of 2008, seeking to unlock the value
of our businesses through a focused effort that was data-driven. It is deeply rooted in Steel Processing and it is the way the business operates,
EARNINGS DIVIDENDS PAID PER SHARE
$1.12 $46.4 M
using daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly report- outs to hold us accountable. It has instilled
a continuous improvement process in our operations, commercial activities and our supply chain. The Transformation has touched all of our businesses, including the corporate functions. Everyone is aligned with performance metrics, goals and incentives to drive improvements. The next iteration of Transformation is to accelerate our progress using Lean. We have seen it in action at one Steel Processing and two Pressure Cylinders facilities where significant operational efficiencies were realized in a short time. As
a result, Pressure Cylinders is re-setting their Transformation goals and working closely with the corporate Transformation team to integrate Lean Transformation across the business. In addition, our innovation team has been working
       FISCAL 2015
NET SALES
$3.38 B
NET EARNINGS
$76.8 M
We also had a number of acquisitions in fiscal 2015 that I should call out. In Steel Processing, where we have chosen to selectively grow our high value-added business, we acquired Rome Strip Steel. Rome is a great addition as it has strengthened our position in the cold rolled steel market and expanded our product offering to the automotive sector. Pressure Cylinders has acquired 13 companies in the last five years for $484 million and those businesses added $86.0 million of EBITDA in fiscal 2015. There were three in this fiscal year: a cryogenic trailer manufacturer, a compressed natural gas
(CNG) fuel systems company and a fabricator
of proprietary oil and gas separation equipment. These businesses will strengthen Pressure Cylinders to serve the oil and natural gas industry through storage, transportation and distribution.

  STEEL PROCESSING AND PRESSURE
CYLINDERS ARE BOTH WELL-POSITIONED
TO GROW ON A NUMBER OF FRONTS.
on a number of new consumer products and innovative solutions and I anticipate reporting on some of those outcomes in the coming year.
I am pleased with the work being done within
our corporate Transformation group as they help speed-up the pace of improvement, and they are just beginning. They are challenging the status quo in operations, commercial and supply chain through these rapid improvement events, and along with the local teams, are driving strong improvement in weeks, not months or years. This will help sustain and renew the transformational change which was so powerful in Steel Processing. Today, Steel Processing is combining their boomerang Transformation plan with the Lean Kaizen approach. The boomerang teams go back into facilities where the process has matured to seek new improvements. Because of our culture and our profit sharing, employees are eager to
be involved in these impactful events.
WHERE TO GROW
Steel Processing and Pressure Cylinders are both well-positioned to grow on a number of fronts. Some growth will require end market demand
to improve, such as oil and gas and agriculture, but there are growing markets where we will focus our investment. Steel Processing is in a good position to do just that. Its largest end market is automotive, and the new CAFE standards being driven by the Federal government are creating opportunities to expand. Current CAFE standards
(35.5 mpg by 2016) have been achieved through advanced powertrains, where we are a market leader. Our strip-steel products are a big part
of automotive transmissions. The advancement from 4-speed to 6-speed and now 8-speed transmissions for fuel savings require additional clutch plates, which is one of our leading strip steel product offerings.
The next generation of CAFE standards set for 2025 have shifted the focus to aggressive light weighting solutions for the reduction of vehicle weight. We have strategically looked at light- weighting as an opportunity to provide solutions to our customers. We are already working
with aluminum, high-strength and pressed- hardened steels with our tailor welded coils
and blanks. We are also working with advanced and ultra-high strength steels that have light- weighting attributes. Steel Processing is using its engineering, material and processing knowledge to work with the automotive OEMs to offer the value-added support we are known for to optimize the opportunities this presents.
Improving commercial construction markets
will provide an additional lift to Steel Processing and our Joint Ventures, including ClarkDietrich and WAVE. WAVE continued to generate strong returns in fiscal 2015 through their pursuit of Lean manufacturing initiatives and new product development from customer input. WAVE is now looking to deliver a “total ceiling solution,” to leverage its ceiling construction expertise and deliver innovative, labor-saving solutions to the market. WAVE has a great discipline in listening to its customers and creating growth opportunities instead of waiting for growth to happen.
Pressure Cylinders has the assets, the technical expertise and the operational excellence to continue its successful growth. The categories and markets that make up the organization today are: Industrial and Consumer Products,
  
 Oil & Gas Equipment, Alternative Fuels and Cryogenics. There are opportunities in each area to expand market reach in certain products and create new ones. Industrial Products is the core legacy business and it offers a broad line of steel, aluminum and composite cylinders with a strategy to reach a wider geographic presence. The Consumer brands, BernzOmatic®, Coleman® and Balloon Time®, have teams responsible for product placement and brand positioning as they work with big box retailers. Innovative new products and new branding strategies will enhance this business.
We have also invested in highly engineered products and services in Oil & Gas Equipment, while scaling the business to match current demand.
Recent acquisitions have given us excellent assets and knowledge in natural gas delivery systems where we have focused on the higher end of the value chain. Our home-grown cryogenic tank is part of a larger offering, utilizing our new facility in Turkey, as part of the LNG mobile pipeline, serving customers of large cryogenic storage
and marine fuel tanks, cryogenic transport trailers, along with regasification systems. The Alternative Fuel business also has a very bright future as we anticipate continued adoption in the U.S. CNG market. We supply our propane and CNG fuel tanks and systems for heavy- duty trucks and transit buses and also supply the bulk gas transport markets with our steel and composite cylinders.
IN CLOSING
I am confident in our strategy and plan to continue growing and improving our business. We expect our reinvigorated Transformation will provide meaningful impact on our margins and cash flow this fiscal year. We have stepped up
the management of our portfolio of businesses. We will exit under-
performing assets while reinvesting that capital
in acquisitions that fit our strategy of higher growth and higher margin end markets. Our M&A activity will be more selective as we seek companies that will complement our existing businesses and provide new growth markets. Transformation,
new product development and innovation, will
help accelerate our organic growth.
Our employees have worked hard to drive change and find ways to improve. They want to be challenged and see the success of their hard work. I am proud of them for their focus and desire to get better.
The only way we can drive transformational growth and our goals is through our people.
We remain committed to our number one goal of making money for our shareholders and increasing the value of their investment. We are proud to have delivered five years of dividend increases and repurchased 18% of our shares outstanding since 2010 in pursuit of that goal. On behalf of the more than 11,000 employees
in our 83 facilities, thank you for your loyalty to Worthington Industries. We value your trust in us and investment in our Company.
Sincerely,
JOHN P. MCCONNELL
CHAIRMAN AND CEO
WE REMAIN COMMITTED TO OUR NUMBER ONE
GOAL OF MAKING MONEY FOR OUR
SHAREHOLDERS AND INCREASING THE VALUE
   OF THEIR INVESTMENT.
