 Fiscal 2003 was our 48TH consecutive year of profitable operations. Despite being in the third year of a struggling U.S. economy, which has negatively impacted two of our key markets—commercial construction and, more recently, automotive—we produced a significant year-over-year increase in
earnings and reported record annual sales.
Fiscal 2003 net sales were $2.2 billion, up 27% from the prior year.
Our acquisition of Unimast, completed July 31, 2002, and generally higher steel prices in the marketplace contributed to our sales increase.
Earnings increased to $75.2 million from $6.5 million last year. Last year's results included the impact of a plant consolidation restructuring expense and a charge for the impairment of certain assets which are explained more fully in the attached report. Excluding these items, fiscal 2003 earnings were up 23%.
Our earnings this fiscal year, which were achieved in spite of higher raw material costs, began showing the results of steps we’ve taken in the last few years. During fiscal 2002, we began the process of closing two steel facilities, downsizing one, converting another to a metal framing facility and closing three cylinder facilities. These actions were completed this fiscal year and three additional facilities were closed, largely as a result of redundancy created by the Unimast acquisition. We will continue to insure that our production capacity is
matched to demand without inhibiting our ability to grow.
Cash generated from operations funded the acquisition of Unimast
and the payment of a regular dividend to our shareholders. We have paid a dividend every year since becoming a public company in 1968, a record that is
important to us.
In fiscal 2003, we were also pleased with two additions to our
senior management group. George Stoe became president of our Worthington
TO ALL WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES SHAREHOLDERS:
    CHAIRMAN’S LETTER

 Cylinder group in January, and Joe Harden became president of our Worthington Steel group in February. Both bring a wealth of leadership experience and fresh perspectives to our company.
I attribute our positive financial performance in fiscal 2003 to our employees and to our operating principles which were established in 1955. Our employees remain committed to our consistent earnings growth, the Golden Rule, recognition of our people, unwavering attention to customer service, quality suppliers, corporate responsibility, communication and citizenship, our core values that each employee practices today.
Two final highlights of fiscal 2003 involved recognition. First, Money magazine’s November 2002 issue listed Worthington Industries as one of the 30 best performing stocks of the past 30 years. Second, on behalf of all Worthington employees, I accepted China’s Marco Polo Award, given to companies that play a role in China’s economic development.
Looking forward, we will continue to build on the leadership positions we hold in each of our businesses. We will be focused on selling and operating at stronger levels. We will be focused on penetrating new key markets, especially metal framing opportunities. Some progress has been made in these areas; much potential remains to be realized. I am confident in our management team, our employees’ ability to drive us to improving results and the future of Worthington Industries.
Thank you for your continued trust in Worthington Industries.
Sincerely,
John P. McConnell Chairman and CEO
      