                                 “We believe our success in fiscal 2011 is evidence of how our strategy is driving
shareholder value.”
To All Worthington Industries Shareholders:
Fiscal 2011 was a good year for our Company, aided by our aggressive Transformation strategy begun in fiscal
2008, to increase shareholder value by expanding our operating margins and decreasing the volatility of our
earnings. We knew that to be successful, we would have to go beyond incrementally improving our businesses and develop a sustainable process which would give
each business the ability to deliver on the strategy’s
core tenants. The Transformation was the foundation for
that process which is driving us to improve performance across our businesses and accelerate our growth.
       STABILIZE > OPTIMIZE > GROW

   Two of our businesses, Worthington Cylinders and our WAVE joint venture with Armstrong, were already delivering our highest margins with the least volatility, and we immediately focused them on growth.
Our Cylinders business made four acquisitions and formed a joint venture in India during the past three years. The acquisition of Structural Composites Industries and the formation of our Worthington Nitin Cylinders joint venture in India, have given us a strong presence in the alternative fuels transportation market. As a result, we are well-positioned globally to participate in the future growth of alternative fuels, whether it be compressed natural gas, hydrogen or propane.
We have also acquired two producers of aluminum high pressure cylinders and consolidated the facilities. These acquisitions extended our reach into the medical oxygen market as well as other markets, such as beverage grade CO2, SCUBA and paintball guns. Cylinders most recent acquisition of the BernzOmatic hand torch business adds a well-respected brand and increases our retail presence.
WAVE opened a greenfield facility in India one year ago, increasing our ability to serve this rapidly growing market, previously serviced from our operations in China. WAVE is also actively assessing new markets in Eastern Europe and sharpening plans for additional market penetration in China. WAVE has continued to innovate. As an example, the recently introduced DC FlexZone system provides incredible flexibility for interiors. Lights, or any fixture requiring power, can be “plugged in” to the electrified WAVE ceiling track where needed. The system fits the goals of the Emerge Alliance, comprised of lighting and fixture manufacturers, whose mission is to expand the use of “direct current” in commercial buildings to lower costs and allow for the use of alternative energy generated from wind or solar.
Worthington Steel, our largest and founding business segment, had been negatively impacted by fundamental market shifts which resulted in smaller end markets and increased competition. We began a thorough review of the business to assess its potential to meet our strategic criteria beginning with our Baltimore, Maryland location in 2008. Our employees quickly embraced the effort. With outside support and the benefit of comprehensive information from our recently installed ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system, it became apparent in the opening weeks that significant improvements could be made. Proceeding one location at a time, building on previous learnings, Worthington Steel has never looked back. When compared to pre-recession fiscal 2007, we were able to deliver 40 percent more operating income in 2011 on 21 percent lower volume. This was achieved through a combination of decreased costs, increased productivity, increased customer satisfaction metrics and improvements in segmented market pricing and all aspects of purchasing.
Once we were confident significant improvement was made, Steel joined Cylinders and WAVE by adding growth to its focus. In February 2010, we acquired the steel processing assets of Gibraltar Industries. This proved to be
a great acquisition adding to a specialty niche of our steel business. Worthington Steel is well-positioned for further improvements and growth opportunities.
In fiscal 2011, we took a different course for two of our businesses. Gerstenslager has a nice niche business focused on serving the automotive aftermarket and excess capacity needs of the “Detroit 3.” Shifts in the automotive market, resulting in excess Detroit 3 capacity, exacerbated by the recession, limited this business’ ability to meet our criteria. After exploring a potential divestiture, we believe we found a better solution through a joint venture with a die manufacturer with whom we had recently begun co-marketing. The resulting synergies from this combination broaden the capabilities of this business, enhance its competitive position and increase its opportunities going forward.

     We were also able to identify a unique solution for our Metal Framing business. After stabilizing the business in 2008, we began identifying and attacking issues which inhibited its ability to meet our strategic criteria. Though progress on many fronts was made, we concluded our Metal Framing business would not meet our “end state” criteria of increased margins and decreased earnings volatility, particularly with the state of the construction industry. With no significant recovery of the commercial construction market in sight, we were not comfortable waiting to take action. We believe we created the best solution by forging a joint venture with ClarkWestern, the second largest producer of metal framing materials, and taking a minority ownership position. The ClarkDietrich joint venture is much stronger than either company standing alone, and with synergies and continued cost improvement, it is in a better position to succeed. In the transaction, we also generated cash and added steel processing assets.
We have also pursued growth opportunities beyond the scope of our current businesses. We joined with Gestamp Wind to form a joint venture to produce wind towers. Its production facility is planned for Wyoming, where the next large-scale wind farms will be installed.
We have also expanded our presence in China. Over the past six years, we have worked with the Chinese government to adopt a light gauge building standard based on our mid-rise design. As a result of our efforts,
we have been granted an “Enterprise Building Standard” which allows us to move forward while formal building codes for light gauge metal framed buildings are completed. We have formed a joint venture with a Chinese developer encompassing a five-province region, where more than 300 million people live. The initial focus of the joint venture is a three-year build-out of a research and industrial park, which is part of a Sino-Canadian joint effort. It will also include residential mid-rise construction. This project is just breaking ground.
In 2010, we also began to explore the use of our mid-rise building methodology in other international growth markets. The efficiency and speed of our system was the difference in winning the contract for 27 four-story dormitories to house athletes for the All-African games which begin in September 2011. With our unique system, the buildings were completed in only 11 months, which would not have been possible with traditional methods. As a result of this success, additional international projects are under assessment.
We believe our success in fiscal 2011 is evidence of how our strategy is driving shareholder value. We have much left to do and remain committed to further increasing the value of our shareholders’ investment. To accomplish our objectives, we will drive continuous improvement throughout our business with the newly formed Worthington Industries Centers of Excellence. The Centers, the evolution of our Transformation, will identify and track key metrics across the Company and drive best practices to assist each business to get better and maximize its potential. We are expanding our efforts to identify acquisitions fitting with both our current businesses as well as new, broader opportunities. We are excited about our future knowing that Worthington has only scratched the surface of what we can accomplish.
Sincerely,
     John P. McConnell, Chairman and CEO
