                                                                                                                                   TO ALL WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES SHAREHOLDERS,
We had a great fiscal 2014, achieving record sales of $3.13 billion and record earnings per share of $2.11. We reported annual net earnings of $151.3
million, up $14.9 million from fiscal 2013. Once again, the shareholders of Worthington Industries also had a good year as we saw our stock appreciate
17%, following a 112% increase in fiscal 2013. We paid $31.2 million in dividends and spent
$128.2 million to repurchase shares. Our board of directors also increased our quarterly dividend
by $0.03, to $0.18 per share for September 2014. We remain committed to our first corporate goal,
to earn money for our shareholders and increase the value of their investment.
                        
                 ONE VISION
Our vision is for Worthington Industries
to be one of the world’s leading industrial enterprises. While we have made strong progress in that direction, there is still much to do. The Great Recession, which began
in late 2008, created strong headwinds,
but it sharpened our focus on implementing the Transformation process which we had just begun. The Transformation, driving operational improvements, proved a game- changer in Steel Processing and it is taking hold in Pressure Cylinders. Led by our internal Transformation teams, we are committed to making the Transformation
a part of our culture to drive year-over-year improvement and growth.
The Transformation drives our strategy focused on reducing earnings volatility, improving operating margins and growing earnings. To succeed, we need to continue developing and recruiting high performers. Our selection by Columbus CEO magazine
as the top large employer in Columbus for 2014 shows we are well-positioned to continue to attract and retain talent. The Company has also been focused on taking advantage of attractive capital markets to optimize
our capital structure and future growth.
We have disciplined M&A investment criteria and a strategy that seeks higher EBITDA margins from companies that will also diversify our earnings and move us into attractive end markets with good growth prospects. We also seek businesses that are market leaders and can leverage our existing
THE TRANSFORMATION, DRIVING OPERATIONAL IMPROVEMENTS, PROVED A GAME-CHANGER
IN OUR STEEL PROCESSING SEGMENT AND IT IS TAKING HOLD IN PRESSURE CYLINDERS.
strengths or competencies. The success
of our Transformation efforts and our solid growth since the recession have been the foundation of our message to the investment community. While buying and processing steel in our manufacturing operation remains a core competency, acquisitions and organic growth are expanding the make-up of the Company. Based on added platforms, new markets
and industries we have entered and our growth trajectory, we should not be viewed
as a traditional metals manufacturing company. Wall Street has acknowledged this and has begun evaluating and analyzing us as more
of an industrial manufacturing company.
NEW MARKETS AND PRODUCTS DRIVING GROWTH
In Pressure Cylinders, we have entered the
oil and gas equipment industry by acquiring businesses that manufacture and sell large gas storage and gas production and separator units in locations that position us well to serve the major shale and oil basins in the U.S. Domestic oil production is at 20-year highs, and natural gas drilling has grown rapidly.
We recently developed in-house our own innovative liquid cryogenic tank and have begun production and sales to the industrial market. Our most recent acquisition in Turkey gives us a solid position in the European cryogenic tank market and gives us
                         
                                                          a strong base to grow globally in cryogenic products. This operation manufactures large cryogenic containers for LNG (liquefied natural gas) transport and LNG satellite tanks and systems, advances our knowledge of cryogenic products and should help us more quickly enter the cryogenics market in North America and Europe. Our Pressure Cylinders business is also pursuing an alternative fuels strategy. Alternative fuels are making strong inroads
in the U.S. with transit, refuse and Class 8 trucks. More and more transit fleets are converting to CNG (compressed natural gas) and LNG fuel in North America. Over-the-road trucks are beginning to convert to CNG as
the range keeps improving, and the economics become more compelling. There may
be additional growth opportunities in this market that we are exploring throughout
the alternative fuel systems value chain.
Our consumer products, notably the camping products, hand torches and the Balloon Time® helium balloon kits, continue to perform well. Our innovation team is developing potential new products for our consumer line. Our industrial products continue to perform well and we expect results in Europe to improve modestly as our rebuilt acetylene cylinder facility begins full production. The Pressure Cylinders business is fully implementing our Transformation process; and that segment’s team is driving growth and learning about new markets and products around the world, while staying true to our manufacturing core competencies. We expect continued growth as our Pressure Cylinders acquisitions become fully integrated into the business.
Steel Processing had an excellent year
by staying focused on the customer and the supply chain. The results are evident, as we continue to win new customers
and enter new markets. We increased
our ownership of the tailored welded
blank business, TWB, and have successfully consolidated the business within Steel Processing. It will be a strong part
of our offering to automotive customers
as they look to decrease weight and increase fuel efficiency. A part of Steel Processing’s Transformation success
has been improved forecasting and partnering with suppliers, which has allowed us to operate with significantly lower inventories, while maintaining high levels of on-time delivery.
STEEL PROCESSING HAD AN EXCELLENT YEAR BY STAYING FOCUSED ON THE CUSTOMER AND THE SUPPLY CHAIN.
The Engineered Cabs business experienced
a dramatic market shift after its acquisition
in 2011, as its customers’ businesses
slowed, primarily in mining and construction. In response, we have made leadership changes in the business and are devoting significant resources to improving this business. The Transformation is also underway throughout Engineered Cabs and we are making progress in improving the manufacturing process. However, expected improvements in operating results will take time.
                                    
                      ONE COMPANY. ONE VOICE.
Since 2009, we have acquired 14 companies,
all with their own trade names that became intermingled with the Worthington brand.
As a result, we needed a new branding approach to better leverage the Company.
We have now aligned all of our companies under the Worthington Industries name, including our legacy business segments.
We think this better serves you as a shareholder and us as a company so that whether we are operating in Austria, Turkey, Kansas or Ohio, the Worthington Industries name is front and center. By the end of the 2014 calendar year, we will have redesigned the Worthington Industries web site to help
us better tell our story and help our customers, new and old, understand the depth of who we are and how we can partner in their business.
Our Company has never been stronger, but there is much more we want to do. We have an excellent leadership team and a workforce dedicated to our customers and exceeding their expectations. On the eve of our 60th year, I think of the Philosophy our founder created and how it has endured through the ups and downs of our economy. It continues to guide
us and direct us to the right outcomes. My father had a wise understanding of what motivates and drives people to be successful. Our Philosophy, along with the Transformation, has been the key to our success and it will continue to be an integral part of Worthington Industries.
WHETHER WE ARE OPERATING IN AUSTRIA, TURKEY, KANSAS OR OHIO, THE WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES NAME IS FRONT AND CENTER.
I thank you for your loyal support as
a shareholder of Worthington Industries. I also thank our hard working employees for everything they did to help make fiscal 2014 a great year.
Sincerely,
JOHN P. MCCONNELL
CHAIRMAN AND CEO
                                    