  FISCAl
TO All WOrThIngTOn InDuSTrIES ShArEhOlDErS
We produced excellent results in Fiscal 2016 and I’m proud of the Company’s performance. We delivered record earnings per share of $2.22. The Company again generated strong free cash flow that we are reinvesting to grow our business and reward shareholders. Our adjusted EBITDA for the year was
up 5% to $346 million. We distributed $47 million in dividends, spent $100 million repurchasing 3.5 million shares (5% of outstanding), spent $34 million on acquisitions and funded $97 million on capital expenditures.
This represents our balanced approach to investing in our businesses, acquiring new ones and returning capital to shareholders. We remain firm in our commitment to shareholders to deliver a return on their investment in us.
2016
 NET SAlES
$2.8 B
 NET EARNINGS
$143.7 M
In addition to buying back stock, our board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.20 per share in June. This is our sixth consecutive year with a dividend increase, and it represents the 48th consecutive year that the
 EARNINGS PER SHARE
$2.22 Company has paid a dividend. Our stock also performed well in our Fiscal
2016, up 37% during the 12-month fiscal period ending in May.
 OUTSTANDING SHARES REPURCHASED
The work we have done to improve at all levels was evident in our strong Fiscal 2016 results. The improvements in the Steel Processing business have been impressive as they produced record earnings this year. They have reduced set-up times and coil change-over times and achieved the highest inventory turns in our history, all while buying steel and managing the
3.5 M FOR $100M
 DIVIDENDS PAID
$47 M
   
 supply chain better than ever. We believe we can continue to improve in Steel and accomplish similar results across the Company. In January of 2016, we launched Transformation 2.0 across Worthington Industries to renew our commitment to drive improvement. At the core of this effort are the principles of lean, using short, rapid improvement events to eliminate waste and accelerate change. Early results are showing us that with Transformation 2.0, we’ve only scratched the surface
in what we can do.
Our FOcus On ImprOvement
Our Company began in 1955, providing customized service to a niche market, fulfilling orders for customers that the mills did not view as their core business. This legacy business has served us well, and I believe it continues to be the best
run operation in this space. It is a fragmented industry, but our core competencies in large platform supply chain and inventory management, cold rolled strip steel, pickling and galvanizing, set us apart from the competition.
Steel Processing was the focus of our first Transformation in early 2008 and while an industry leader, I knew we could improve in many ways.
The Steel team embraced the opportunities the Transformation presented. We instilled a data-driven approach to managing our business, discipline around our steel purchases and drove efficiencies in our
facilities that are not only paying off in our results, but
our customers are the beneficiaries of our material
expertise, quality and on-time delivery. Steel prices
were volatile during Fiscal 2016, but we weathered it well, in our operations and
for our customers. We have excellent relationships with a number of mills, and we work with them to assure our large annual purchase of steel needs are met in a way that is advantageous to us and them. Additionally, we have developed a disciplined price risk management process that matches customer orders to steel purchases and uses hedging tools to help our customers manage price risk in the supply
chain. While we still have some modest exposure to price swings, we know we are managing the ups and downs of steel pricing better than we ever have as a company.
The automotive market makes up the majority of sales in Steel Processing and this will likely continue. We like this business and it is where our capabilities
and expertise add great value for our customers in material substitution and tight tolerance requirements. Our high margin strip steel business is benefitting from strong trends as automatic transmissions play a key role in meeting higher fuel economy standards, driven by the rise of the 8, 9 and 10 speed transmissions, which require more clutch plates using our steel. lightweighting is also an area
 In January of 2016, we launched Transformation 2.0 across Worthington Industries to renew
our commitment to drive improvement.
 
  of focus and the tailor welded blank business, TWB, enables more efficient use of high strength steel by welding steel and aluminum blanks and coils. We see very good market growth opportunities as the use of lightweight materials continues to grow in response to the higher CAFE standards. We will also continue to look to diversify into new markets like heavy truck, coinage, grain storage bins and
culverts for road construction.
We are particularly excited about the opportunities to improve our Pressure Cylinders business. After several years of acquisitions, integration challenges and organizational changes, we are well-positioned
to move this business forward. Transformation 2.0
is already driving operational, commercial and supply chain efficiencies. Additionally, our innovation team
is helping develop new products and brand extensions to drive growth, margin and market share.
We have had the Pressure Cylinders business
for more than 40 years. We acquired the business to manufacture propane tanks for the barbeque grill season, providing Worthington
a counter business to the summer slow-down in automotive production. The business has grown with a broad and global array of products from propane tanks to industrial gas and refrigerant cylinders, alternative fuels, hand torches, Cng, cryogenic and lng vessels and oil & gas production equipment. The core businesses, industrial and consumer products, posted strong results in Fiscal 2016. Pressure Cylinders has grown through acquisitions, 12 in the last six years, and the business sells in five major markets: industrial, consumer, alternative fuels, oil & gas equipment and cryogenics.
The oil & gas market downturn has challenged this business and we have responded by scaling operations to match demand. We believe in the long view
of the market and are positioning our operation to be ready to take advantage
of its return with new technologies for customers. We entered the cryogenics market in 2013 with our own tank that we developed after some in-depth research to determine the needs of the end users. We knew it would take time for us to grow in this market, even with the acquisition of an international cryogenics & lng business in 2014 to help accelerate our knowledge and capabilities. In addition, we acquired a cryogenic trailer maker and Taylor Wharton’s cryoscience business this past fiscal year. We now believe we have the products and manufacturing footprint to become a stronger player in the market over the next several years.
The Engineered Cabs business, which we acquired in 2011, has fought its way through difficult market conditions. Today, a reduced footprint is helping meet
 Pressure Cylinders has grown through acquisitions, 12 in the last six years, and
the business sells in five major markets: industrial, consumer, alternative fuels,
oil & gas equipment and cryogenics.
 
 lower demand as our main customers were hit hard by depressed markets for their equipment in construction, agriculture and mining. We applied Transformation in the operations to help improve and streamline production. We have also identified a niche opportunity to deliver more value to smaller platforms, and are in a much better position to be profitable again.
We have proven to be a very good partner having achieved great success with
our joint venture portfolio, as we sought partners to make each specific business better. The outcome has been an extraordinary run of results from our leading joint venture, WAVE-with partner Armstrong. We have been in this partnership since
1992, when we had a small independent ceiling grid business and Armstrong was in a similar position. We know manufacturing and buying steel. They know marketing, distribution and had the brand. By taking the best of both parents, WAVE has become a market leader and innovator in their space.
We’ve Only scratched the surFace
In the mid 1970’s, my father was fond of saying, “We’ve only scratched the surface.” he was excited
 ...the key to continuing to grow— never being satisfied with where we are today, looking for ways to always improve, adding new markets and finding greater opportunities.
This is why we push forward believing, “We’ve only scratched the surface.”
While political uncertainty and social unrest loom in our country and across the globe, we will stay true to our principles and control the things we can control. Our Philosophy will always be our guide directing us through good times and bad. The Company has made great progress in how we operate and manage, but that drives us to find new ways to get better. That, we believe, is the key to continuing to grow— never being satisfied with where we are today, looking for ways to always improve, adding new markets and finding greater opportunities. This is why we push forward believing, “We’ve only scratched the surface.”
Thank you for your loyalty and commitment to our Company.
JOhn P. MCCOnnEll | ChAIrMAn AnD CEO
 about our growth prospects and the possibilities
ahead. So earlier this year when we kicked
off Transformation 2.0, we revived it. It seemed
particularly relevant in today’s Worthington Industries.
It was a great opportunity to remind our employees of our founder and his desire to continue to grow and get better. like him, we are bullish on where we can take the Company in our sixth decade. We want to find ways to grow each year, and we know that we can build on what the Transformation has done for us to date.
In many ways, we feel like there is so much ahead for us.
 