To All Worthington Industires Shareholders:
We ended fi scal 2010 with improved volumes and
results across much of our Company. While we
anticipate the economy will continue to slowly
improve, we believe it will be uneven at times, as
we make our way through this next fi scal year. I am
proud of all of the improvements we have made
across our Company over the past three years and
the commitment of our employees to continually
look for ways to improve our results by increasing
margins and reducing volatility. Our
Go Forward
strategy is the catalyst for growing our business
and producing higher returns–to deliver on the
investment of our shareholders. Our Transformation
Plan to reduce costs, increase margins and grow, is
the foundation of this strategy.
For fi scal 2010, net sales of $1.9 billion, were 26%
lower than the $2.6 billion reported last year.
The decline was primarily due to reduced sales
volumes in the Metal Framing segment and lower
selling prices resulting from a 24% decrease in the
average market price of steel. Net earnings were
$45 million, or $0.57 per share, largely driven by a
strong fourth quarter. Earnings for fi scal 2010 were
reduced by goodwill impairment, restructuring
and certain legal charges totaling $31 million or
$0.39 per share.
Increase Margins, Decrease Volatility
Steel Processing has shown marked, continued improvement
in operations, despite lower but somewhat improving
volumes. As one of the largest independent intermediate
processors of fl at-rolled steel in the United States, Steel
Processing added to its leadership position by acquiring
Gibraltar’s steel processing business in fi scal 2010. This
acquisition has enhanced our position as a market leader
in the U.S. cold-rolled carbon strip market and positively
impacted our results in the last quarter of our fi scal year. For
the year, Steel Processing had net sales of $989 million as it
experienced increased sales to the automotive, agricultural
and construction markets.
Steel Processing has made impressive operational
improvements, which is one reason we were able to increase
the segment’s operating income $120 million over last
year on substantially the same volumes. The commercial
sales effort is focused on opportunities to grow in energy,
agriculture and infrastructure end-markets, as well as our
traditional automotive and appliance markets. Leveraging our
steel purchases and managing our inventory are two critical
areas where we have seen success. Our Transformation
Plan will continue to target margin expansion through lean
manufacturing and improved selling strategies.
With net sales of $468 million, Pressure Cylinders had good
results in North America in fi scal year 2010, off
set by weak
demand in a slowly improving environment in Europe. This
past fi scal year was an active one for the Pressure Cylinders
acquisition team. We have now acquired three cylinder
businesses that both complemented our existing lines and
added new ones, from aluminum high pressure cylinders
serving specialized markets to lightweight composite
cylinders used in a variety of applications including
automotive alternative fuels. This mature business has
grown by broadening its product off
ering and expanding
its geographic presence. Over the last fi ve years, Pressure
Cylinders entered the air brake, hand torch, water tank,
camping, fi re suppression and extinguisher markets, along
with the aluminum high pressure and composite high
pressure tank markets.
Metal Framing had net sales of $331 million for fi scal 2010.
While we supply approximately one-third of the metal
framing products sold in the United States, the commercial
and residential construction markets have been dramatically
impacted by the recession. Still, Metal Framing was able to
be cash neutral by permanently lowering its cost structure.
The goal is to do at least as well in fi scal 2011 even though
commercial construction markets in North America are
expected to continue to contract throughout the year. We
launched ProSTUD™ drywall system this year with favorable
results in many markets. However, we do not anticipate a
noticeable return to any improved volume until our fi scal 2012.
We are proud of our track record with joint ventures. This
is exemplifi ed by our relationship with Armstrong in our
successful WAVE partnership. WAVE produced great results
in a difficult market this past year and continues to develop
innovative products. This year as part of an industry alliance,
WAVE is launching the DC FlexZone™ grid system, which uses
low voltage ceiling grids to power lighting and other fi xtures
for greater fl exibility in new buildings and in rehab projects.
WAVE also opened a new facility in India in this past year to
serve that growing market.
Positioned for the Recovery
As part of our Transformation Plan, we are optimizing our
existing businesses and capturing growth opportunities that
fi t our strategy. Through lean manufacturing principles, we
have achieved solid results, particularly in Steel Processing,
at volume levels well below our historic norms. Operational
efficiency, consolidated sourcing and customer service
continue to be our focus to help us grow sustainable
earnings. We are exploring a number of global opportunities
for growth. We have been working in China for the past
several years, providing engineering services for metal
framing projects and working with the Chineses government
to establish new building codes for metal framed buildings.
We believe there are opportunities for us to expand into
targeted construction projects in China and elsewhere. WAVE
has been operating a facility just outside of Shanghai for
more than 12 years.
Our strong balance sheet allows us to continue to review
and execute on strategic acquisitions. Worthington’s strategy
for investment in new businesses aligns with our goal of
maintaining a strong capital base with modest leverage and
ample liquidity. The Company’s strength is our manufacturing
excellence, which comes through our people. This enables
us to consider opportunities in manufacturing segments
in a variety of attractive end markets that meet our margin
improvement and return on capital goals. We want to grow
our Company, and acquisitions fi t that strategy.
Your Investment
When we talk about investment in our Company, we
highlight a number of things we believe set us apart:
•
Strong culture and an enduring philosophy are
cornerstones to the employer-employee partnership
•
Leading domestic market positions in each of our core
business segments
•
Diverse portfolio of businesses serving a wide range of
industries and geographies
•
Excellent management team with signifi cant industry
experience
•
One of the largest purchasers of steel in the U.S.
•
Disciplined and targeted growth strategy
•
Successful joint ventures
•
Transformation initiative delivering cost reduction,
margin expansion and organizational capability
improvements
•
Ample liquidity and conservative fi nancial strategy
•
Attractive dividend yield
Whether you are a long-time shareholder or someone just
learning about our Company, you should know that the same
principles that were in place 55 years ago are still an everyday
part of who we are today. That will never change. We call
it our Philosophy and it is the core of how we treat our
employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders. It is how
we do business throughout the Company, be it in Columbus,
Ohio or Keinberg, Austria. We think it has been and will
continue to be key to our success.
The difficulties of the last few years have taught us how
resilient our Company can be in the face of dramatic
economic change. Thanks to our people, who come to
work every day and work hard and smart, we have been
able to successfully endure the challenging times. As we
began making needed changes in the way we operate, our
employees stood tall and led the way. Because of them, we
have been able to not only get through the global economic
downturn, but come out of it a better Company, well
positioned to succeed in the paths we chose.
Thank you for your continued loyalty as a Worthington
Industries shareholder. We value your investment in our
Company.
Sincerely,
John P. McConnell
Chairman and CEO