     To All Worthington Industries Shareholders,
As I write this in mid-July, growth in the manufacturing sector
has shown signs of slowing for the first time in three years. While debt troubles in Europe and slowing growth in China are having
an impact, we are confident that many manufacturers in the U.S.
are in their best competitive position in a decade. The severity of
the recession forced everyone to examine every aspect of their business, which is precisely what we did. We were fortunate to have begun our Transformation process months prior to the arrival of
the economic storm the 2008 recession created. As the depth and speed of the recession engulfed the country and economies abroad, we accelerated our work on improving our production, how we go to market and how we manage inventory. As we continued to drive improvements and grow our Company, stronger results have begun to emerge, even with historically low volumes in Steel Processing, which are still 20 percent below pre-recession peaks.
We are succeeding at improving the performance of our core businesses and accelerating our earnings growth. As a result of making 10 acquisitions in the past three years, we have diversified and improved our earnings stream by expanding geographically and into new markets. We are proud to have accomplished this, in spite of the continuing weak economy.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  “We are succeeding at improving the performance of our core businesses and accelerating our earnings growth. ”
The Company’s Fiscal 2012 Performance
Our fiscal 2012 results were impressive despite falling steel prices. With net sales up only 4% from prior year and EPS up 8%, it is not immediately evident how well our core businesses performed. Understanding our year-over-year earnings however, illuminates the strength of our performance. Our reported fiscal 2011 earnings of $1.53 per share included the favorable impact of inventory holding gains estimated at $0.19 per share, as steel prices rose in the latter half of the year. Reported fiscal 2012 earnings of $1.65 per share were negatively impacted by inventory holding losses estimated at $0.12 per share, as steel prices declined through most of the year. While we are making progress in reducing the effect of steel price movement on our results, the impact to our reported numbers remains and it can be significant.
Our Steel Processing business increased volumes
by 12% in the fiscal year, benefitting from stronger automotive demand. Steel Processing has moved the needle on customer satisfaction for on-time deliveries, operational efficiencies and finding new markets. Additional growth opportunities include energy, agriculture and infrastructure.
Pressure Cylinders has also been on the move. In addition to the roll out of the Transformation in fiscal 2012, the Pressure Cylinders business is growing organically and through acquisitions. A key strategy for this business is participation in the alternative fuel market, where we now have the ability to provide cylinders which can contain compressed natural gas and hydrogen for automobiles, buses and light-duty trucks. We also have the capacity to produce propane/ autogas cylinders for automobiles. We extended
our reach into this market with the September
2011 acquisition of Poland-based STAKO, and the December 2010 acquisition of Nitin Cylinders in India. Both of these operations provide a strong position in emerging markets for alternative fuels.
Pressure Cylinders also expanded its portfolio with the addition of the BernzOmatic® hand torches in June 2011, and the Coleman® line of camping cylinders
in December 2011. These additions expanded
our product offerings to the big box retail sector, anchored by our successful Balloon Time® helium tank products. We look for the Transformation to drive improved operational, commercial and supply
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
         chain efficiency in this business, just as it did in Steel Processing. Pressure Cylinders is continually looking at new opportunities for growth to complement its industrial gas, retail and alternative fuel product lines.
In March 2011, we formed a joint venture between our Metal Framing business and its top competitor, ClarkWestern Building Systems. The ClarkDietrich Building Systems joint venture was a result of our desire to consolidate facilities and reposition our metal framing assets in the marketplace with leaner operations. Worthington retained a 25 percent ownership stake in the joint venture. This venture has remained profitable despite the depressed state of construction, and is well positioned for when
the market recovers. Perhaps more importantly,
the action we took gave us the flexibility to pursue other opportunities. To date, we have been pleased with the results of this joint venture as a meaningful contributor to our equity income along with WAVE, Serviacero Worthington, TWB and ArtiFlex.
We added Angus Industries to the Worthington family of businesses in December 2011. The Engineered Cabs business is the market-leader in designing and
manufacturing high quality custom-engineered open and enclosed cabs and operator stations for a wide range of heavy mobile equipment. This business has excellent, longstanding partnerships with leading blue-chip customers in the highly customized and regulated product line. The Angus management team stayed with us and is committed to the success of the business. I am pleased to report that our cultures align well and the integration of this new business into the Worthington Industries family is going very well. We see great opportunities for this business to participate in the growing demand for agriculture, mining and construction equipment.
We have just begun the Transformation in Engineered Cabs as we start fiscal 2013, and we expect the improvement in that business to be similar to what we have seen in our other businesses. We are also focused on accelerating product development to further integrate Engineered Cabs into its customers’ supply chains. We are excited by the growth opportunities for this business and are pleased to have them as part of our Company.
    
   “We are excited about what lies ahead and, as always, we will keep our philosophy at the center of all we do.”
Driving Performance, Growth and Excellence
The success of our Transformation has become more and more apparent in our performance. To continue that momentum and to further our ability to operate as a data-driven organization with continuous improvement in all areas of our operations, we created the Centers of Excellence. The Centers of Excellence consists of a team with the responsibility to help improve our processes and operations by identifying, developing and implementing best practices across the Company. This team has also become a source
of talent development for us, while they dig in and provide critical analytical skills for all of our businesses. It is important to be able to attract top talent, and
we have a renewed focus on recruiting the best and the brightest. Our Centers of Excellence serves as a primary source to keep them challenged and help them develop.
As we begin fiscal 2013, I could not be more proud of all of our employees. They are delivering impressive results, and we truly believe we are just getting started. We are excited about what lies ahead and, as always, we will keep our philosophy at the center of all we do.
Thank you for your continued loyalty. We value your investment in our Company and hope that you are as excited as we are about the future of Worthington Industries.
Sincerely,
John P. McConnell, Chairman and CEO
  