                                      To Our Shareholders,
 The employees of Worthington Industries produced excellent results for fiscal 2000 despite the challenge of rapidly rising raw material costs.
            Our results improved by double digits across the income statement. Annual sales increased 11 percent while earnings from continuing operations, excluding the Rouge loss, improved by 24 percent compared to the previous year, from $0.90 to $1.12 per diluted share.
Growing Earnings
Over the last four fiscal years, earnings from continuing operations have grown consistently as our core businesses have produced compounded annual sales increases of 15 percent. Unfortunately, our track record of generating solid earnings growth has not translated into our stock price. We know that has been disappointing for you, as it has for us. We believe that the market will reward us as we deliver on our long standing goal to grow our earnings per share at an average annual rate of 15 percent and provide a strong dividend. We are working hard to tell potential investors our story and know we’ll find ways to shout a little louder. We are confident that our business leadership and future growth will regain recognition over time.
This is our 45th year in business and our 45th year of profitability. While many things have changed since my father, John H. McConnell, started the Worthington Steel Company in 1955, we still focus on what we do best. Today, Worthington Steel is positioned as the hub of our Company, more strongly than at any time in the last 20 years. We are using a simple set of principles to guide our Company’s growth. We recognize the strength in our steel processing business and we will build on it by adding new, value-added processes. As we add new businesses to our Company, we will look for businesses that have a direct relationship to our core processing business, preferably the relationship would be the consumption of flat-rolled steel. In addition, we are targeting companies that are leaders in their industry and present clear independent opportunities for future growth.
These principles have been reflected in our acquisition and divestiture strategy over the past five years. From fiscal 1996 to fiscal 2000, we invested $1.2 billion in greenfield and rebuilt steel processing facilities, and made seven acquisitions. I am pleased to report that these capital investments were contributors to this year’s top and bottom-line growth. Dietrich, our metal framing business, saw operating income increase 70 percent and Decatur, our new steel processing facility in Alabama, reached the break-even point on an operating income basis. Our new facilities at Delta, Ohio and Spartan Steel Coating also made major contributions.
Foreground: John P. McConnell, Chairman and CEO, Worthington Industries Background: John S. Christie, President and COO, Worthington Industries
           
      We started fiscal 2000 with a new management structure at Worthington Steel, as well as a new leadership team on the corporate side. The new steel organization is designed to better align our manufacturing capacity to serve our customers and to organize the sales force geographically. While the structure continues to evolve, it has positioned us well to take advantage of opportunities created by a variety of customer needs. Purchasing and logistics have been centralized to maximize synergies, promote efficiency and reduce costs. Everything we are doing is aimed at increasing customer service, increasing our asset utilization and decreasing the cost of operations.
Moving forward, we will continue to concentrate on growing with the assets we have in the ground. We will also look for different ways to increase the steel processing and metal fabricating businesses by expanding our value-added processes while looking for geographic expansion opportunities.
Fiscal 2000 Highlights
New President and COO of the Company is named; John S. Christie begins overseeing Company operations and strategic planning on June 1, 1999
New management structure at Worthington Steel maximizes customer service, creates operational efficiencies and provides cost savings; 11 facilities and three joint ventures are organized along product lines with plants pooling resources
Worthington Steel becomes first company to buy steel via e-STEEL, an Internet-based, neutral marketplace for prime and secondary steel and the Company signs a strategic e-Commerce alliance with e-STEEL
Capital investments totaling $1.2 billion from fiscal 1996 to fiscal 2000 contribute to this year's top and bottom- line growth; our Decatur, Alabama steel facility reaches the break-even point on operating income and the Delta, Ohio steel facility and Spartan Steel Coating are major contributors
Stand-alone dry lubrication line begins operation at Monroe, Ohio steel facility; the line provides a new level of added value for customers who receive superior lubrication between steel and die for longer production runs at lower cost
Gerstenslager breaks ground for its Clyde, Ohio stamping facility for production of aftermarket body panels, including body side apertures, and roof and fender panels; the 150,000-square-foot facility will house stamping presses to provide more capacity for the growing needs of customers in the aftermarket and metal stamping industry
Cylinders is awarded Vendor of the Year by Char-Broil and the Company receives the Ohio Exporter of the Year award for Cylinder’s international operations and business strategy
The Company moves trading of its stock to the New York Stock Exchange, after having been qualified to make the
move to the world's premier equity exchange for a number of years; the move better fits the Company strategy moving forward
New brand identity strengthens the Company name across all business lines and takes advantage of the Worthington name in some of the newly acquired businesses
Joint venture TWB Company opens the first laser welded blank facility in Mexico for the automotive market; TWB will supply 100 percent of the laser welded blanks for inner door assemblies for the new Pontiac Aztec and the welded blank requirements for the next generation DaimlerChrysler Dodge Ram pickups
Annual dividend increases for the 32nd consecutive year and annual EPS from continuing operations is up 24 percent to $1.12 per share excluding the Rouge loss; annual sales increase 11 percent to $2 billion
The Year Ahead
Initially, we anticipate continued margin pressure from higher priced inventory, however, as the year progresses, we will benefit from declining material costs, improved utilization at new facilities and varied growth initiatives. So long as the economy remains at or near current levels, these factors will boost profitability as the year moves on.
We have a number of strategic growth initiatives targeted for this year which will have a strategic relationship back to our steel company and ideally be connected to the consumption of flat-rolled steel. We will seek out those opportunities that best fit our blueprint for growing the Company while building on our momentum.
As you review our annual report, I would like to call your attention to the men and women who embrace the Worthington Philosophy and work every day with and for our customers. They are the reason we are successful in innovation, in finding solutions and in keeping our relationships with our customers and in developing new ones. The employees of Worthington that you see in this annual report, and the countless other faces you don’t see, are committed to making this Company the best at what we do. I’m proud of them and all that they do.
Thank you for your continued support of Worthington Industries.
John P. McConnell
We have a positive outlook for fiscal 2001. We started out fiscal 2000 very strong and moderated throughout the year. This year will be the reverse.
     Chairman and CEO
      