   “A lot has changed for Worthington Industries over the last five years as we have shifted from a Company best known for its steel processing capabilities, to a more diversified metals manufacturing company.”
    GROWING BEYOND INDUSTRY
To All Worthington Industries Shareholders,
Our Company had an excellent fiscal 2013 as we delivered transformational growth and performance improvements across the businesses. Fiscal 2013 was also a great year for our shareholders. We made progress on our primary objective of increasing operating margins while decreasing the volatility of our earnings. We recorded earnings per share of $1.91 in fiscal 2013, the Company’s best ever after excluding restructuring and impairment charges.
The first corporate goal for our Company is to earn money for our shareholders and increase the value of their investment. In fiscal 2013, we delivered with:
• WOR stock price appreciation of 112%;
• $44 million in dividends, including the accelerated payments; and
• $30 million in repurchased shares.
A lot has changed for Worthington Industries over the last five years as we have shifted from a Company best known for its steel processing capabilities, to a more diversified metals manufacturing company. While maintaining a leadership position in flat rolled steel processing, we have created an expanding growth platform in Pressure Cylinders products for retail, industrial, alternative fuel and energy production and storage markets. We also added a custom-engineered cabs business serving the heavy mobile equipment market. Our equity income from joint ventures has strengthened, led by the excellent results from WAVE, our Worthington Armstrong joint venture. The majority of our other joint ventures in the construction and automotive end-markets were meaningful contributors in fiscal 2013.
 
 Transformational Progress Through Acquisitions and Organic Growth
We made a commitment in early 2008 to improve our Company, and
began our Transformation process. We have made great strides as we
are pushing that commitment to new levels by continuing our disciplined acquisition strategy, accelerating organic growth via product development and innovation and extending our transformation to enhance our profitability through operations, sales and supply chain efficiency.
Our disciplined approach to acquisitions is enabling us to leverage our core competency
as a diversified metals manufacturer. We have added 12 businesses in the past four years and these operations are expected to contribute more than $140 million of EBITDA in fiscal 2014. Several serve fast growing markets such as alternative fuels and energy production and storage. The two acquisitions completed in fiscal 2013 put our products at the well site in the growing oil and gas business. Westerman is Ohio-based and delivers products for
the Utica and Marcellus shale regions. Because the size and cost of transporting these tanks favors proximity to the well site, we made the strategic decision to acquire Kansas-based Palmer, to serve the robust drilling markets in the Great Plains region of the United States. Both Westerman and Palmer will contribute a full-year of results in fiscal 2014. We will continue to explore investment opportunities to capitalize on the shale gas boom, which we believe has a long way to run.
While Pressure Cylinders has been our most acquisitive business over the past four years
as we extend into high growth markets, it is also focused on organic growth in the retail product lines and in cryogenics. Cryogenics is a natural extension of our legacy high pressure cylinder capabilities and our more recent entry into the CNG (compressed natural gas) alternative fuel storage tank business. We anticipate launching a Cryogenics product by the middle of our fiscal 2014. We have also hired several experienced brand and innovation professionals to accelerate product development and innovation in our $370 million portfolio of branded products sold through retail channels and eventually across all of our businesses.
   
  “There is a new level of energy and excitement across our Company as a result of our focus on optimizing performance through transformation, our strategic approach to and effective integration of acquisitions, and organic growth and innovation as a new mind-set.”
The Transformation process has changed our Company forever. We are more metric
driven and accountable for our performance at all levels, resulting in a higher performing organization. However, we still have a long way to go to reach our goals. Specifically, we expect to see further gains in Pressure Cylinders now halfway through transforming their facilities, and improvements in Engineered Cabs where we have just begun. In our Steel Processing business, the Transformation process is mature and we are pursuing better
and more efficient ways to operate so that continuous improvement becomes part of our everyday work. In addition to starting the Transformation process, our Engineered Cabs business also started the new fiscal year with a new leadership team focused on optimizing their performance in safety, quality, delivery, and, of course, bottom-line contribution. While we have seen the Engineered Cabs business slow as a result of pullback by their top customer, this business should improve financially as the volumes return, and we expect to improve many other aspects as well.
2014 Outlook
There is a new level of energy and excitement across our Company as a result of our focus on optimizing performance through transformation, our strategic approach to and effective integration of acquisitions, and organic growth and innovation as a new mind-set. We remain optimistic as we anticipate a strengthening of the broader economy and in particular, the single-family and commercial construction markets. Automotive, where we have our largest concentration of volume, continues to show strength along with some improvement in other markets like agriculture. We are seeing strong growth in two of our newer markets, alternative fuel storage, and oil and gas storage. Still volumes in many of our markets remain below pre-recession levels, including automotive, where volumes are down 20% below the pre-recession peak. Despite the uneven recovery in some parts of the economy, we have produced excellent financial results.
Our strong balance sheet provides us with the ability to fund our future as we are well- positioned to make additional acquisitions, pay our dividend, invest in our businesses and buy-back outstanding shares. All of these are available to us and will be determined by our
   
 “Our people remain our most important asset as we build our talent for the future.”
 set criteria and desired timing. We see numerous growth opportunities and will continue to pursue markets we find attractive, as well as accelerate our innovation and product development efforts to drive organic growth.
Our people remain our most important asset as we build our talent for the future. We have a strong and skilled management team in place that is leading change, driving results and creating excellent momentum. We are developing high performers in the organization
and are beginning a robust recruiting and development effort to ensure that we have the top talent available to us as we position the Company into new and exciting areas. We
are growing our capability to create, develop and market new products. We see attractive growth opportunities in CNG and liquefied propane gas (LPG) fuel tanks, upstream energy production tanks, as well as agriculture and consumer products. Our technical expertise used for the benefit of our customers and delivery of the products they require are paramount to our success and we are excelling in these areas.
I am very proud of the team here at Worthington Industries and thank our employees for their hard work and focus. Thank you, as shareholders, for your continued loyalty to our Company. We value your investment and hope you are excited about the future because we see great opportunities ahead.
Sincerely,
John P. McConnell, Chairman and CEO
    