 WILLIAM R. BERKLEY
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
   2010 was an excellent year. While the insurance cycle flattened out and prices generally ceased their decline, we did not see the improvement in rate levels that we had anticipated during the fourth quarter. In spite of that, we generated a return of 12.5% on shareholders’ equity and increased book value per share by just over 14.3%. We continue to manage the Company to optimize our risk- adjusted return and believe, given the current pricing levels, the Company continues to perform well in the existing market conditions. We are confident that the analytics of today’s insurance industry economics will dictate a near-term positive change in the pricing cycle.
The property casualty business is a long-term business. Its very nature is contrary to the way current business models are oriented. While flexibility and responsiveness are required in all businesses, including ours, the general pricing cycle of the property casualty business, peak to peak or trough to trough, is seven to ten years. It takes time to build a well-tested model in this business. An outstanding company must be focused. It must have underwriting discipline and maintain a strong balance sheet in order to optimize performance in the good years and still deliver more than satisfactory results in the less profitable parts of the cycle. Long-term attainment of such performance requires discipline
5

Chairman’s Letter
Our Company has a long-term perspective. We are constantly examining our business and strategy in terms of risk, all the while searching for attractive opportunities.
in establishing adequate loss reserves as well as maintaining a quality investment portfolio. The concept of understanding and managing risk, however and wherever it can be found, will always be the trademark skill of an outstanding property casualty company.
Our Company has a long-term perspective on our business, one that we have been continually refining for 44 years. We are constantly examining our business and strategy in terms of risk,
all the while searching for attractive opportunities. Risk, for an insurance company, cannot be exclusively a relative decision. For example, you would never make a decision, no matter how good the possibilities of success or how large the potential profit, if the outcome could be under any circumstances the inability of the company to continue. Thus, we are always examining the absolute maximum loss that we can sustain in any scenario. We make our pricing and business decisions primarily based on the probable loss. But, we never accept a risk where the absolute maximum loss is such that it would disturb our ability to continue in business the next day. Controlling risk of all types is the start of our management process.
In examining our investments, we also make decisions focused on risk, always considering what
we think might be the worst possible outcome. Thus, other than U.S. government bonds, we
never invest more than 6% of our capital in the securities of a single issuer. We also continuously examine our portfolio in terms of its duration and liquidity. The duration of our portfolio is generally maintained to not be more than one year longer or one year shorter than the duration of our liabilities. And, we always maintain more than enough liquidity to meet any foreseeable, or in fact even the unforeseen, need for liquidity. The investment portfolio must also relate its risks to the risks in the insurance business. We must be cognizant of investing money in locations where we also
6

have large insurance exposures. Thus, we limit our investments in places with significant exposure to natural catastrophes. That is not to say we are not always searching for outstanding investment opportunities. They must, however, have a risk profile that is appropriate for an insurance company. We do not want our investment policy to dictate our insurance strategy.
Our Company provides a structure and a vision to bring people together who have knowledge and product expertise. We combine that with our capacity to provide the appropriate channels of distribution to reach the customer. Ultimately, as a consequence of expertise and strong customer relationships, we can deliver better value to our insureds by providing them with the customized coverages they need, nothing superfluous, but what they require. When we do this well, it allows us to make an acceptable profit margin, while delivering value to the consumer.
Our success is built on consistent performance on a daily basis with respect to every aspect of our business. The skills required to compete in the property casualty business require such performance. The challenge is to operate this way in a constantly changing environment. We are in a world where the pace of everything is changing at an increasing rate. Economic activity is more volatile than ever, global affairs are certainly less predictable, and the analytics for writing and pricing insurance are more and more complicated. Retrospective pricing tools can no longer provide acceptable metrics. The tools generally used in the property casualty industry are like looking in the rearview mirror. We need to be looking out the front windshield of the car, not looking backward. It would, however, be equally foolish to attempt to blindly use a mathematical model and ignore the expertise, experience and judgment which give our Company its competitive advantage in attempting to underwrite business. We need to combine our experience and judgment with predictive modeling and blend our knowledge of the past with the various possibilities for the future. Our performance can continue to excel only as long as we have this balance using technology, analytics and people. It is management’s responsibility to make sure we get the blend right.
The property casualty business is a very complicated business. It is such because of the enormous number of estimates involved in every phase of the process of managing and accounting for the business. Many of these estimates will take years before we find out the ultimate correct number. In our business, accurate estimates are a critical part of the entire management process.
Each year, we select loss ratios and estimate development of losses from prior years and adjust reserves to reflect this information. Success at estimating future outcomes accurately is, therefore, a cornerstone in determining any investor’s confidence when examining an insurance company’s financial statements. It goes without saying that people are generally more optimistic in good times and generally more pessimistic in bad times. This behavior exacerbates the cyclical swings in
7

Chairman’s Letter
 91.3% Combined Ratio
Five-Year Average
financial reports of many property casualty companies. We believe it is important to be cautious in estimating the reported financial results so that they best reflect the Company’s true current state of affairs. We consistently examine the information available, recognizing that it is constantly changing and, thus, one’s best judgments today may in fact be different than our best judgments yesterday. We are always re-evaluating our data to make sure that it reflects the most current information.
We believe our Company consistently makes cautious, but prudent, judgments, constantly reviewing them in a timely way to ensure that our financial statements reflect the current state
of knowledge. Our business continues to perform well and we believe our estimates for prior
years’ losses are appropriate. Our business continues to evolve, always changing to reflect the opportunities and strategic shifts, which allows us to be responsive to the constantly changing world. Today, we are a more international company with nearly 15% of our business coming from outside the U.S. We expect this part of our business to grow more rapidly in 2011 than our U.S. business. We also are slightly less casualty focused now than we were several years ago with casualty business down to under 80% of our premium volume, from over 85% a few years ago. These are small directional changes we make every day as we fine tune our enterprise to work towards optimizing our risk-adjusted return.
We built our strategy first and foremost around the management of risk but, secondly, we built our business around utilizing expertise in select markets. Everything W. R. Berkley Corporation does
is focused on an area where we believe we have or can develop a competitive advantage. That competitive advantage is derived from the expertise of our employees in a particular line of business or our knowledge of a particular locale or region of the United States or some other country where we think we have deep knowledge and experience.
We search for areas where the business opportunities created by expertise will help us derive greater profitability while at the same time delivering more value to our customers. We also search for industries where we believe knowledge and expertise can help our customers obtain better or
   8

Our success is built on consistent performance on a daily basis with respect to every aspect
of our business. We have always been prepared to write any business presented to us which offers adequate risk-adjusted returns.
more focused protection while still allowing us to make an adequate profit margin, with special focus on industries whose macro growth offers expanding global opportunities.
We are optimistic about the future. We have always been prepared to write any and all business presented to us which we believe offers us adequate risk-adjusted returns. Our relationships with our distribution partners have never been better. We are optimistic that these relationships will give us substantial new opportunities to expand our business in the future. We have organized ourselves in an extraordinarily flexible manner. Each of our new Specialty units offers us great opportunities for dramatic growth. We have built more bench strength on our management team and we are globally well positioned to take advantage of whatever opportunities present themselves. The capital necessary to take advantage of any of these opportunities is on hand or available to us.
We could not have gotten to this enviable position without the support of our customers, our producers, our employees, and our officers and directors. We owe each of these groups a thank you for their support and dedication to our enterprise.
Sincerely,
WILLIAM R. BERKLEY
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 9
