TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
  W.R. Berkley Corporation had a record year by all accounts. Net income,
total revenues, premiums written and underwriting profit all reached new highs.
Our excellent results reflect the strategic deci- sions we have made in recent years to consoli- date operations and focus on our most profitable lines of business. We benefited as well from higher insurance prices and improved terms and conditions.
At a time of opportunity in the marketplace,
the property casualty insurance industry’s over-
all capacity was constricted by widespread bal-
ance sheet problems. We managed these issues
more effectively than our competitors and, con-
sequently, were able to utilize our capital and
human resources to the fullest. Because of the
positive impact of our strategic decisions, we
were able to take full advantage of the profitable
new business available to us in 2002. Our financial results reflect the Company’s success:
• Pretax income was a record $259 million.
• Net income was a record $175 million, or $3.31 per share.
• Net premiums written from continuing business advanced 62% to a new high of $2.7 billion as a result of higher premium rates and a modest increase in policy count.
• Return on common stockholders’ equity was 18.5%, exceeding our 15% target.
• Cash flow from operations was $771 million, up from $210 million in 2001.
Our performance was strong across all business areas. All four of our domestic operating segments contributed to the Company’s growth, delivering sharply higher premium volumes and operating earnings:
• The specialty segment increased its gross premiums written by 54%. Segment pre-tax operating income nearly quadrupled.
WILLIAM R. BERKLEY
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
5

CHAIRMAN’S LETTER Continued
 • The alternative markets segment posted a 106% increase in gross premiums written. Pre-tax operat- ing income nearly doubled.
• In the reinsurance segment, gross premiums written more than doubled, led by a 144% increase in gross premiums written for facultative reinsurance. The segment delivered solidly positive operating earnings versus a loss in 2001.
• The regional segment increased its gross premiums written by 36%. Pre-tax operating income nearly tripled, and the segment reduced its combined ratio to 91.5%.
The international segment, by far the smallest of our five groups, had a difficult year because of the economic crisis in Argentina. We are optimistic that operating results in this segment will improve in 2003.
Price Increases and Underwriting Results
Insurance market conditions began to improve more than two years ago following an extended period of aggressive industry price competition and declining rates. We began to increase rates ahead of many of our competitors, starting with price increases in our commercial transportation business in the fourth quarter of 2000.
This first opportunity arose when several commercial transportation insurance carriers withdrew from the business, allowing prices to move quite suddenly to an adequate level.
By 2001, nearly all segments of the property casualty insurance market were showing significant price strengthening. Consequently, during that year we were able to effect substantial rate increases in our specialty areas and somewhat more modest increases in our regional business. During 2002, as the market continued to harden, we raised rates by even greater amounts. In addition to charging higher rates, we have been able to modify policy terms and conditions to limit and better define our exposures, thereby reducing our expected loss costs.
Prior to 2001, insurance prices had been falling by 6% to 7% a year for nearly a decade. Even with recent price increases, it is likely the market will continue to strengthen during 2003 and into 2004. Prices are only now nearing the levels of the late 1980s.
In many insurance lines, prices are still not high enough to generate adequate industry profit margins. In fact, the industry lost money on underwriting in 2002, as reflected in an industry combined ratio estimated at 106%. Any ratio above 100% represents an underwriting loss. Although underwriting losses are typically offset by investment profits, current financial market conditions have changed the economics of the industry considerably. Record low interest rates and falling equity prices have cut into the industry’s investment returns, forcing many insurers to price risk more appropriately or face the possibility of going out of business. A recent study suggested that the industry’s combined ratio must
  $1.6
$1.7
$2.2 $1.8
Gross Premiums Written
Dollars in Billions
$3.2
   1998 1999
2000 2001 2002
 6 W. R. BERKLEY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

drop below 95% before overall industry profitability, including investment profits, reaches a minimum satisfactory level.
Because of our strong balance sheet and strategic focus on niche markets, we have done extremely well, outperforming the industry and generating an underwriting profit in 2002. Our GAAP combined ratio for continuing operations was 94.6% in the year, down from 109.2% in 2001.
Our improved underwriting results not only contributed to 2002 earnings, but also provide a base for future earnings growth. Each financial year is a blend of underwriting results from the current year and prior years. Since premiums are not fully earned until the fifth quarter after business is written in primary insurance lines and the tenth quarter in reinsurance lines, our 2002 underwriting performance will continue to benefit earnings in 2003 and 2004. Similarly, the impact of our pricing in 2003 and 2004 will extend into subsequent years.
Contraction of Industry Capacity
Even as prices have risen, property casualty insurance industry capacity has declined in spite of new entrants into the business, resulting in less competition and creating unusual opportunities for a well-capitalized insurer like Berkley.
Although there was an excess of industry capacity chasing too little business four years ago, that sit- uation has changed dramatically. As of the end of the third quarter of 2002, the
latest period for which figures are available, the industry’s capital base had been
reduced to $273 billion from a peak of $336 billion in June 1999. This $63 billion
decrease signifies a substantial loss in industry underwriting capacity. In our view, it is likely that the industry’s capital base is, in fact, currently overstated by more than $50 billion because of inadequate loss reserves, making the prospective loss of capacity even greater. Approximately one-half of the industry’s capital is related to commercial lines business. However, substantially more than one-half of the decline in capital is related to commercial lines. Thus, the industry’s commer- cial lines capacity has suffered a disproportionate reduction.
Industry contraction has occurred because of significant problems on both the asset and liability sides of many insurers’ balance sheets. On the asset side, the industry has incurred sizable investment losses from bond defaults, including WorldCom and Enron, as well as from lower equity prices. On the liability side, the industry faces asbestos liability problems and has paid huge losses from the World Trade Center tragedy. In addition, the same corporate scandals that created asset problems — that is, WorldCom, Enron and others — have resulted in a rash of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance claims, hurting the liability side.
Each of our four domestic segments delivered sharply higher returns.
 $1.6
Total Revenues
Dollars in Billions
  $1.7
1999 Alternative Markets
$1.8
2000
$2.6 $1.9
2001 2002
                     1998
    Specialty
Reinsurance Regional
International Discontinued
 7

We had an excellent year, generating record financial results.
We have avoided nearly all these problems — which is one reason why we are doing so well today. We had minimal defaults on our fixed income holdings in 2002. We have limited exposure to asbestos losses. We write directors’ and officers’ liability coverage for small-to-mid-sized companies, not for the large corporations that are generating the current rash of high-profile liability claims.
Equally important, we have protected our balance sheet through our cautious reserving practices. At a time when industry capacity has decreased, the policyholders’ surplus of our consolidated insur- ance subsidiaries increased to $1,275 million at the end of 2002 from $928 million a year earlier, boosting our capacity to write well-priced new business. Although one can never be certain of the appropriate amount of loss reserves, since they are based on estimated future claims, we believe
our reserves are adequate and are based on a prudent view of the world. The ratio of paid to incurred claims is a key measure of how fully current reserves are being established. A lower ratio indicates
a stronger reserve position. In 2002, our paid-to-incurred ratio was 81%, far better than the
industry average.
Ultimately, trusting relationships are critical to success in any business, but especially so in the insurance business. Agents, brokers and customers select a company based not only on price, but also on their belief that the insurer will meet its obligations in an uncertain future. Our producers and cus- tomers know that Berkley has the financial resources and integrity to perform in an appropriate manner and deliver on our promises. Our companies regularly have maintained A or better A.M. Best Co. ratings over the last 25 years. These ratings are a sign of strength and stability for our agents and policyholders not only in good times, but even more importantly in difficult and uncertain times.
Positioning the Company for Profitable Growth
Since 1999, in addition to examining our reserves and adding to them in what we consider to be a timely manner, we have addressed various other structural and financial matters in order to maintain the financial integrity of our enterprise. These actions have included:
• The consolidation of the regional business from ten units to four in 1999 to sharpen the segment’s competitive focus, reduce expenses and gain scale;
• The restructuring of our reinsurance business in 2000 to refocus its competitive position and better leverage our capital, and the repositioning of our treaty reinsurance business toward specialty-type business written in the form of casualty excess of loss treaties;
• Our withdrawal from personal lines business in the regional segment beginning in 2001 because of limited profit opportunities;
• The closing of the unprofitable alternative markets division of our reinsurance segment in 2001; and
• The expansion of our facultative reinsurance business, in which we have consistently earned excellent returns.
We had an under- writing profit with a combined ratio of 94.6%.
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER Continued
8 W. R. BERKLEY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

By acting on the issues before they became serious problems, we entered 2002 well positioned to take advantage of an improving market. Moreover, through these actions, your Company today, more than ever, is focused on niche markets in which we can apply our expertise to generate excellent finan- cial results. In 2002, of our 22 domestic business units, all but two had an underwriting profit, the lone exceptions being our treaty reinsurance and surety operations.
We were reasonably disciplined in the soft phase of the insurance market cycle, with the result that our written premiums did not grow significantly. However, as market conditions have improved, we have shifted into an expansive mode.
To take full advantage of current market opportunities and reduce our external reinsurance costs, for the past two years we have been retaining more premium and ceding less to reinsurers.
In addition, we have raised $483 million in equity capital through three public offerings since early 2001 and recently raised approximately $200 million in a senior debt offering. In doing so, we continue to build a strong, well-structured balance sheet. We are investing this additional capital not only in existing operations, but also in ventures in which our financial strength, reliability and expertise allow us to develop new niche positions.
We also formed Berkley Medical Excess Underwriters, LLC to participate in the rapidly hardening medical malpractice market. We believe that contractions and withdrawals by other medical malpractice carriers have created an unusual opportunity to provide rational long-term capacity to a narrow seg- ment of this market — that is, medical malpractice excess insurance and reinsurance coverage and services to hospitals and hospital associations. This new unit spent 2002 building its organization and establishing relationships with producers, and is expected to write significant busi-
ness in 2003.
In 2002, we purchased a 20.1% interest in Kiln plc, one of the leading managing agencies in the Lloyd’s insurance market in London. We have had different business relationships with Kiln since 1974. More recently, as we spent time examining the current state of the London market, we saw an opportunity to enter into quota share reinsurance contracts with two Lloyd’s syndicates managed by Kiln and with a syndicate managed by MAP Capital Limited. Together, these arrangements gave us $171 million of net business in 2002, mainly in short-tail classes of insurance.
We are forming a United Kingdom authorized insurance company to write domestic U. K. casualty risks. It is anticipated that the company will commence operation in the third quarter of 2003. The formation of the company is subject to certain approvals, including the approval of the U. K. Financial Services Authority.
Late in the year, we formed B F Re Underwriters, LLC to underwrite casualty facultative insurance on a direct basis. The new unit complements our existing unit, Facultative ReSources, Inc., which writes coverage through intermediaries.
 We expect insurance prices to continue to strengthen in 2003.
 Paid to Incurred Claims
W. R. Berkley Versus Industry 101% 101%
 99% 83%
1998
103% 81%
2001 2002
86% 91%
1999 2000
84% 92%
          2002 industry ratio is estimated
9

Our quota share reinsurance contracts at Lloyd’s produced $171 million of net premiums written.
Strengthening Management
We are fortunate to have outstanding people who are fully capable of optimizing our results.
In August 2002, Philip J. Ablove joined our Board of Directors, filling a vacancy. We welcome the
experience and insight that he brings to the Company.
We had several key management promotions since last year. W. Robert Berkley, Jr., a Senior Vice
President and Director, was named head of our specialty insurance operations. Fernando Correa Urquiza was promoted to President of Berkley International, LLC, our international joint venture. Edward A. Thomas, who was a Senior Vice President, became a consultant to the Company. Kenneth R. Hopkins became President and Chief Operating Officer of Berkley Risk Administrators Company, LLC, while Mark C. Tansey, previously that unit’s President and Chief Executive Officer, became its Chairman and continued as its Chief Executive Officer.
We are pleased that several experienced, talented individuals joined us in new ventures or opera- tions. John S. Diem became President of Berkley Underwriting Partners, LLC. Daniel L. Avery joined us as President of B F Re Underwriters, LLC. Robert D. Stone became Managing Director of our newly formed private equity investment management subsidiary, with primary responsibility for developing this private equity investment portfolio. Luie C. Dy Buncio joined us as Chief Executive Officer of our Philippine operations. Stuart Wright will head our new United Kingdom insurance company.
Corporate Governance
Corporate governance is one of the central issues facing corporations and their shareholders. The pas- sage of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act last summer imposed new federal standards on corporate directors and managements. In our view, some of the arbitrary tensions created by Sarbanes-Oxley will not necessarily result in improved corporate performance.
However, corporate governance is not something new or trendy at Berkley. We have always been clear in our philosophy and commitment in managing the Company for the benefit of shareholders with a high level of accountability. Outside independent directors have always constituted the majority of our board, and we never have had more than two inside directors. The Audit and Compensation Committees of the Board consist now, and have always consisted, exclusively of outside non-executive directors who are independent. Executive compensation and the granting of options are linked to long-term perfor- mance. Our Board recognizes that it has a fiduciary responsibility for the long-term viability of the Company, not just for short-term results.
We believe we are responsible first and foremost to our owners. We are also responsible to other constituents, including employees, customers and society. We are intent on having a corporation that
Corporate governance is not something new or trendy at Berkley.
10
W. R. BERKLEY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER Continued

reaches its maximum potential and, through its actions, maintains the trust of all its constituencies.
Outlook for 2003
We are enthusiastic about the Company’s prospects in 2003 and beyond. The current hardening cycle of the property casualty insurance market has yet to show any signs of nearing an end. In our view, insurance prices are likely to continue to increase throughout 2003 and well into 2004, reversing the price erosion that occurred in the 1990s.
We believe Berkley is unusually well positioned to take advantage of the current strong market. At a time when the ability of many property casualty insurers to write new business is being hurt by unre- solved problems of the past, we believe we have an extraordinary opportunity to grow. We not only have the capital, but also the people, relationships and reputation to build our business and prosper.
I wish to thank our employees, brokers and agents, who work as partners to serve our customers and create value for our shareholders. I also wish to thank our shareholders for their patience during the difficult years of the insurance industry cycle.
The teamwork and commitment of our people have enabled Berkley to become one of the most suc- cessful, innovative and fastest growing property casualty insurance companies in America. We are commit- ted to the continued delivery of outstanding results, with accountability and the highest ethical standards.
Sincerely,
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 20, 2003
 We are enthusiastic about the Company’s prospects.
  William R. Berkley
11
