                Chairman’s
Letter
  Left to Right: W. Robert Berkley, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer William R. Berkley, Executive Chairman
To Our Shareholders:
2015 was a good year by almost every measure. We reported an 11% after-tax return on equity, driven by a 93.7% combined ratio and positive investment returns. We started six new businesses or divisions and added some outstanding people to our team. After 49 years, we successfully completed a seamless CEO transition.
However, in a year with such a great list of accomplishments, we still did not achieve our targeted return, in part because the realization of investment gains is not consistent from year to year. The timing of realized gains will cause the annual variability of returns to continue, but the amount of gains is likely to enhance results and assist us in meeting our long-term targets.
Our business model is designed to achieve long-term risk-adjusted returns of 15% after-tax. We are constantly adjusting our model to adapt to the ever- changing environment and maintain an optimal balance of leverage, underwriting profitability and investment returns.
W. R. Berkley Corporation 2015 Annual Report
 5

 6
                 14%
10 Year Average Return on Shareholders’ Equity
Underwriting profitability remains the core focus of our Company, and today, it is the driving force in our success. With a targeted combined ratio in the low 90s, we are able to generate excellent underwriting results. The challenge in the current environment is attaining satisfactory investment returns.
As interest rates declined in recent years, it became difficult to maintain a high-quality portfolio with a duration that reflects the average life
of our liabilities, and still obtain adequate yields. The variables under our control are the quality, duration and liquidity of the fixed-income portfolio. We were neither prepared to reduce the quality of our portfolio, nor were we willing to extend the duration since that could exacerbate our potential exposure to inflation. Thus we felt we had two alternatives. The first was to marginally reduce short-term liquidity by buying securities that might not provide immediate liquidity, but were of the highest quality. The second was to expand our investments in private equity, limited partnerships and real estate to improve returns. We have experience in all of these areas, and they have delivered excellent returns over many years.
Investments in these areas now represent an amount equal to approximately half of our shareholders’ equity. So far, this strategy has proven to be rewarding. Although the income is not reported in as consistent a manner as income from bonds, the internal rate of return is well above the 3-4% we would have received from fixed-income securities, and we have not sacrificed quality or increased risk. In addition, because accounting rules require us to carry many of these investments under the equity method, there is a significant amount of unrealized gains embedded in our portfolio that is not recognized on our balance sheet. The single most visible investment of this type is Health Equity (HQY), which we took public in 2014. If we were to sell our interest in any of these projects in any given year, our ROE would be positively impacted.
In general, 2015 benefited from a lack of catastrophic losses and a continued low level of inflation. The domestic property casualty industry had one of its best years in the past twenty. Yet, several large insurers recorded meaningful reserve charges, while consolidation continued among both midsize and small companies. Additionally, several global players continued rearranging the deck

                 chairs to find their optimal position. This type of environment provides tremendous opportunities for a stable enterprise – and it is the type of environment in which the Company has excelled.
Much of the Company’s long-term success is a reflection of our recognition that the property casualty business is a long-term business. Short-term profitability can be misleading, and at times, may even be inaccurate, especially in an environment with less predictability than usual. We are required to price our product before we know the actual cost, so the quality of our earnings is a reflection of the accuracy of our loss cost estimates. Implicit in these estimates are assumptions about inflation and other variables. We have a rigorous process for establishing accurate reserves.
In managing our business each day, we attempt to examine not just the profitability, but also the inherent risk and volatility or predictability of the business we underwrite. All returns are not created equal, and one needs to be conscious of the risk embedded in achieving those returns. We believe increased risk, including volatility, requires us to obtain higher returns.
We avoid entering businesses where the return might be extremely attractive for one year and negative in the subsequent year. Our preference is to expand where the marginal returns are equal to or greater than our existing return.
As such, we recognize that growth is a desirable goal, but not axiomatic with success. As responsible stewards of our shareholders’ capital, we are diligent in evaluating the best times and places to grow. This drives decisions regarding whether to use capital or return it to shareholders in the form of stock buybacks or dividends. We do not believe the size of an enterprise in and of itself should be the driving force in measuring success.
Our strategy seems quite simple; however, it is based on real economics, not necessarily on accounting. Thus, as we grow our business, the choice is often to
Our focus on long-term risk-adjusted returns has enabled us to deliver on our fundamental objective of building book value per share and creating shareholder value for 49 years.
W. R. Berkley Corporation 2015 Annual Report
 7

 8
                 We will still succeed by differentiating ourselves with the best underwriters, claims professionals and policies that meet the real or perceived needs of our customers.
build from within. Acquisitions often times have a more immediate impact on reported earnings, but inherently bring about questions of balance sheet
risk and cultural fit. We are constantly on the lookout for new specialty opportunities that allow us to decommoditize the product. Projects that require expertise and attract customers who are willing to pay a premium to the commodity-based price in order to obtain a better designed product or a better quality of service are particularly attractive. Having more satisfied customers leads to a more profitable business. When you build such an enterprise, costs generally result in modest losses for the first few years of the start-up. But the real economic return is far greater than would be achieved from an acquisition. Of our 51 operating units, we started all but seven.
We continue to invest in such start-up ventures and the current year was no exception. We started six new companies or divisions and we have several new ventures on the horizon. While building in a controlled way drives up our expenses in the short run, it creates internal growth for the future and long- term value.
Our focus on long-term risk-adjusted returns has enabled us to deliver on our fundamental objective of building book value per share and creating shareholder value for 49 years. In 2015, we executed a smooth CEO transition. The board implemented a plan over five years ago to create a seamless transition for shareholders, employees and customers. Over that time, Rob has taken on increasing responsibilities for our operations and will continue to do so for virtually the entire Company. As executive chairman, I will remain fully engaged in the Company’s activities, focusing however on its strategy and investment activities.
As we look to the future, Rob and I see structural changes on the horizon that present challenges to the fundamental methodology of delivering risk amelioration products to the ultimate customer. In addition, expertise

                 continues to be in short supply in all areas of the property casualty business.
As an industry, the property casualty business has not attracted its share of talented young people. This continues to be a challenge in part because the very nature of the industry is not exciting for young people who want to be given responsibility at a rapid pace. In the parts of the business where we participate, it takes time to gain experience and develop expertise. We continue to actively support insurance education.
In the context of this environment, rating agencies and regulators work to protect insurance buyers. They have attempted to keep up with changing times by paying attention to evolving capital models and implementing more robust evaluation frameworks. However, as the nature and source of capital evolves from permanent, dedicated capital owned and controlled by the insurance company to more temporary third-party capital, we are faced with new and greater uncertainties. Insurers not only need to be able to pay their claims, but they need to be willing to pay them. The unforeseen event that no one expected or modeled could call that willingness into serious question, as the separation of the insurer and capital could present unanticipated challenges.
At the same time, the distribution system is evolving. Customers are gradually relying more on automated systems to select the company they use and the coverages they buy. However, the property casualty industry, which is a cornerstone to financial stability in our economy, has historically been a slow moving business. Change comes slowly. Even in the most commoditized and easily understood parts of our industry, customers have been very slow to accept online policy origination and issuance. As technology becomes second nature to our customers, the pace of this change will accelerate, and a greater number of economic decisions will be based on numerical analysis.
4Unfortunately, although the numerical analysis may give us the best price for a specific coverage, it doesn’t always give us the best type of coverage. There are times when the subtleties of knowledge provided by an agent or broker – a human being – can add substantial value.
4%
Five Yea
Book Value Per Share
The combination of these changing forms of capital and new entrants into the business with lower-cost automated distribution might result in less satisfied customers. But the cornerstone issues of providing protection against loss and peace of mind will remain.
r Growth
in
W. R. Berkley Corporation 2015 Annual Report
 9

                 10
 We continue to believe that expertise combined with capital, delivered with good advice, is the best way to deliver value to most customers.
Even as these changes occur, we will still succeed by differentiating ourselves with the best underwriters, claims professionals and policies that meet the real or perceived needs of our customers. We have been successful in doing this for nearly five decades. We have the skills and foresight to adapt our competitive advantages to the changing world in a way that is most relevant to our customers and creates the most value for our shareholders.
The more uncertainty that exists and the more financial concerns that arise, the more valuable it is to have a dependable insurance company at your side. We provide that service through our distribution partners and our employees.
We continue to believe that expertise combined with capital, delivered with good advice, is the best way to deliver value to most customers.
Our Company has been built to last with a culture and focus that ensures we will fully meet our responsibilities to all of our constituencies. The past 49 years have been extraordinary. Ultimately, the support of a large number of people – investors, mentors, colleagues, customers and even regulators – has helped us get from the starting line to where we are today. We tell people we are a large, publicly-owned, “family” Company. We take our values seriously. We try to do what is right based on our judgment and our assessment of the facts and the truth as we perceive it. We expect the future to be even brighter and believe that it offers more opportunities today than ever before. We hope you continue with us on our journey. On a personal basis, I would like to especially thank our board of directors and the many long-term shareholders that have entrusted us with their capital. Our success would not have been possible without the commitment and dedication of our employees, and I sincerely thank all of them.
William R. Berkley
Executive Chairman
 