   [ DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS: ]
Fiscal 2005 was a year of significant progress for The Warnaco Group.
We capitalized on the strengths of our global brands, reached out to new customers, expanded our share of existing markets, broadened our direct to consumer position, built a world-class sourcing infrastructure and added to our talent base. We increased our net revenues by 5.6%, to $1.5 billion and increased net income by 22%, to $52 million.
We ended the year with a solid balance sheet, a portfolio of powerful brands positioned for further growth and—with a significant acquisition that closed in early 2006—a plat- form to take our Calvin Klein® businesses to the next level in the global marketplace.
Growing Our Brands In 2005, we focused on attracting new customers while continuing to deliver on existing customers’ expectations. I’m pleased to report that we were successful, as evidenced by our strengthened position in the marketplace.
We expanded our worldwide Calvin Klein underwear business with well-received new product offerings, including Perfectly Fit, which targets a fuller-figured woman. We also continued to build our direct to consumer business by
opening nearly 50 freestanding Calvin Klein shops, and adding numerous “shop in shops” in specialty and depart- ment stores.
We revitalized the Warner’s® brand and built momen- tum by bringing new trend-right merchandise to the market- place. Retailers and consumers responded favorably, with consistent sell-throughs above the department averages at many of our key accounts.
With the introduction of the Signature Support line, we refocused our Olga® brand on the full figure market, and on mid-tier distribution. At our Lejaby® division, we introduced new designs and extended the brand into new categories and new geographies.
One of our primary strategies has been to grow brands by diversifying their distribution channels, which was best reflected at our Chaps® division. Revenues increased more than 25%, as mid-tier accounts were added while business with many of our existing accounts grew. Chaps also bene- fited from a series of new product offerings and improvements in design and quality.
At our Swimwear group, Speedo® continued to be the world’s dominant swimwear brand and enhanced its reputa- tion as an innovative leader with new offerings and successful
1

  A note from Non-Executive Chairman Charles R. Perrin
In 2005, Warnaco’s Board of Directors continued its mission of building shareholder value while at the same time focusing on “best practice” corporate governance. Your Board is comprised of business leaders from diverse backgrounds ranging from consumer products to interactive media, advertising to financial services and, of course, apparel and
retail, and it is this diversity that best allows the Board to address and contribute to all aspects of Warnaco’s business.
In 2005, the Board met 10 times, and the committees of the Board collectively met 25 times, demonstrating our com- mitment to the Company and its success. No more was this evident than in the Board’s participation in the development of the Company’s strategic plan, which led to the successful acquisition of the Calvin Klein jeans and accessories businesses in
Europe and Asia - the Company’s number one strategic priority identified at those sessions.
 marketing. Our designer swimwear brands, including Anne Cole® and Nautica®, also remained at the top of the NPD rankings.
We are looking forward to contributions from our Calvin Klein, Michael Kors® and Op® swimwear products that began shipping at the end of the year. We are moving the Op brand into better department and specialty stores, and we have accelerated our plan to transform it from a pure licensing model to one that is vertically integrated and oper- ated directly in core categories.
Reflecting our commitment to extend our product lines, expand internationally, diversify our distribution channels and build a stronger retail platform, we recently acquired the Calvin Klein jeans and accessories business in Europe and Asia and the CK Calvin Klein “bridge” sports- wear and accessories business in Europe. The acquisition complements our core competencies and opens doors to significant new growth opportunities. It will allow us to leverage the existing Calvin Klein underwear international infrastructure with jeanswear, sportswear and accessories in Europe and Asia.
Improving Our Operations In 2005, we focused on increasing our margins as well as our sales. In that context,
we launched company-wide initiatives to support more prof- itable growth in Fiscal 2006 and beyond. For example, we successfully recruited strong sourcing leadership in New York and Asia and built a global team based in Hong Kong, with professionals dedicated to the socially responsible development of our products in manufacturing centers of excellence around the world.
These supply chain initiatives should help generate higher gross margins by improving our fulfillment rates and reducing costs.
2006 Priorities Looking to the immediate future, we have a clear set of priorities.
We will drive sales and profit growth in each of our operating Groups—Intimate Apparel, Sportswear and Swimwear—with expanded product offerings and innovative marketing across a global platform.
We will take advantage of the momentum created by our Intimate Apparel brands to increase sales and improve margins in new and traditional markets, and we will grow our Sportswear sales by adding new products and categories. In Swimwear, we will introduce an exciting new marketing campaign for Speedo, and we expect to see added revenues from the launches of our new swimwear brands.
2

 As in years past, in 2005 we also continued to build our Board, adding another independent director. Donald Seeley, formerly the CFO of True North Communications and today the director of the Applied Management Program at the University of Arizona, not only brings strong financial skills to our Board and Audit Committee but also the consumer-centric focus that is the bedrock of the advertising world and critical to Warnaco’s success and relevance.
In 2006 and beyond, we will continue to focus on building and maintaining “best practice” corporate governance and rep- resenting the interests of our fellow shareholders. As always, we welcome communications from you at Board@Warnaco.com.
 We are already integrating the acquired Calvin Klein businesses with our existing European and Asian operations to take advantage of synergies and the resulting economies of scale. By combining them all under one roof, we are creating a powerful global brand that will generate revenues in excess of $900 million and increase our international sales from 28% to approximately 40% in Fiscal 2006. The acquired businesses will make significant contributions, from both wholesale sales and direct to consumer operations.
We are also continuing to develop our international sourcing platform. With more efficient purchasing and limited use of third party agents, we expect to begin realizing significant benefits in 2006.
One World, One Warnaco Warnaco is changing in important ways that may not be obvious to the casual observer. As we grow internationally and continue to diversify our product offerings, we are creating “One World of Warnaco.” What was a collection of 19 different autonomous brands a few years ago is now a Company composed of three operating Groups, working together across one corporate platform, with shared services that include finance, sourcing, supply chain management, human resources, marketing, information technology, e-commerce and physical distribution.
Achieving “One Warnaco” means much more than increasing operational efficiencies. The importance of our people as drivers of our success cannot be underestimated. We are building a global corporate culture that recognizes the contributions of all our associates; a culture that appre- ciates personal contributions to superior product and per- formance; and promotes the values of diversity and respect in the workplace.
Warnaco will continue to grow and change. With the support of more than 10,000 Warnaco associates worldwide, an experienced management team, a distinguished Board of Directors, a portfolio of powerful brands, and a clear sense of direction, we are poised to grow our businesses and are excited about our future.
Sincerely,
JOSEPH R. GROMEK
President and Chief Executive Officer
 3
