 DETERMINATION
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
For Warnaco, 2004 was a year of solid accomplishment. We expanded our diverse brand portfolio through organic growth, the addition of new licenses and the strategic acquisition of Ocean Pacific Apparel Corp. We successfully executed our global expansion initiatives for Calvin Klein® underwear. We enhanced brand awareness by increasing our marketing expenditures and capitalizing on events such as the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. We strengthened our senior management team by recruiting several world- class professionals. At the same time, we delivered productivity and profitability improvements by making prudent investments in our infrastructure.
As a result of these strategic initiatives, we recorded improved performance in our operating groups. This performance enabled us to report net revenues of $1.42 billion; to achieve improvements in gross margin and operating margin in excess of our targets; and to achieve net income of $42.5 million, or $0.93 per diluted share, compared with a loss in the prior year. The market recognized our progress and our strong momentum with a 34 percent increase in our share price, building on last year’s 39 percent share price appreciation.
Credit for our 2004 accomplishments belongs to the more than 10,000 Warnaco associates around the world. Over the past year, this team has worked tirelessly to improve our business, meet market challenges and execute our strategies for growth. Their success in these efforts has advanced our goal of transforming Warnaco into a world-class operation that can deliver sustained growth in sales and profits.
Fueling Organic Growth
Driving organic growth is central to Warnaco’s formula for success. In 2003, we identified several organic growth opportunities and in 2004 we capitalized on them, strengthening our Company in the process.
We successfully expanded the Chaps® brand, adding a full collection of denim to the product line. We also introduced Chaps sportswear and denim products to an expanded channel of distribution, while maintaining our existing distribution channels of department stores and independent retailers. In 2005, we are focused on increasing our penetration in these distribution channels by expanding key classification businesses, including swimwear, outerwear and casual trousers. We continue to believe Chaps represents one of our largest revenue growth opportunities.
2004 ANNUAL REPORT

We also built on the exceptional momentum of Calvin Klein underwear by continuing to execute a three-pronged growth strategy—namely, product extension, geographic expansion and a retail initiative. Our efforts included launching exciting new products, aggressively entering new markets in Asia and Europe, and continuing to drive our profitable wholesale and retail global expansion. At the end of 2004, there were 75 Calvin Klein underwear retail stores worldwide. We expect to add 50 new stores during 2005. Our ownership of Calvin Klein underwear provides us with a powerful global growth platform, and we believe that the brand also has the potential to generate incremental revenue and profit.
We continued to excel in the swimwear segment, taking measures to ensure that we continue to be the leading swimwear marketer in the U.S. We capitalized on the exposure our Speedo® brand received at the 2004 Summer Olympics by extending the Speedo product line from the water, to the beach and onto the land, with the introduction of two new brands engineered by Speedo, Axcelerate activewear and Axcelerate underwear, both of which will ship to our retail partners in 2005. We further expanded our swim business by adding Michael Kors® and Calvin Klein swimwear licenses to our Designer swimwear portfolio. Additionally, in August, we acquired Ocean Pacific Apparel Corp. Op, a global California beach/surf lifestyle brand, provides us with significant long-term growth opportunities. We believe there is tremendous potential to transform Op® from a pure licensing model, to a model that enables us to vertically integrate and directly operate certain apparel categories within our core competencies while also licensing non-core categories.
  A NOTE FROM NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN CHARLES R. PERRIN
Your Board is a proud part of the Warnaco team—one that is focused on building shareholder value and upholding our obligation to represent the interests of all Warnaco stakeholders in a prudent and responsible manner. We view our corporate governance, management recruitment and development, and strategic planning duties as vital to the long-term success of the Company. In 2004, we continued to demonstrate this, with the Board meeting 11 times, and our committees meeting a total of 28 times. Among other initiatives, we administered the annual incentive compensation plan for management, extended our CEO’s employment contract, and completed extensive performance evaluations of the Board and individual committees. In 2005, we will continue to conduct Board and committee evaluations, and we will also assess our individual directors.
2 THE WARNACO GROUP, INC.
 
Driving Improved Profitability
In 2004, we focused our efforts on two businesses that presented opportunities for margin improvement, namely Calvin Klein jeans and intimate apparel.
In our Calvin Klein jeans division, we created new trend-right products, and we realized critical operational efficiencies. As a result, the division delivered double-digit operating margins along with a significant improvement in profitability, well ahead of our three-year targets. We believe we are now poised to resume revenue growth, and we have identified several key areas for continued development. With this in mind, we have launched several exciting new products, including CK 39TM, a premium denim collection, and Choice Calvin Klein®, a young contemporary offering.
In our core intimate apparel business, which is comprised of our Warner’s®, Olga®, and Body Nancy GanzTM brands, we addressed several challenges. We recruited new leadership, narrowed and improved our product offerings, and “right sized” our infrastructure. We also shifted to a fully outsourced operating model in North America. We are encouraged by the early results of these initiatives and optimistic about our prospects for the future.
Enhancing Our Leadership
We strengthened our management team in 2004, recruiting several world-class professionals to our organization. Among others, Frank Tworecke, President of Sportswear, and Helen McCluskey, President
   We also strengthened our ranks in 2004, with the addition of Cheryl Nido Turpin. The former President of The Limited stores, Cheryl brings valuable in-depth experience in both retail and apparel to our Board. We are committed to continuing to build our Board, and in 2005, we will evaluate qualified candidates who can further improve our ability to govern your Company effectively.
Charles R. Perrin
Non-Executive Chairman
2004 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 Joseph R. Gromek
President and Chief Executive Officer
of Intimate Apparel, joined Warnaco during the year. These highly skilled and experienced individuals have both already had a significant impact on their respective businesses. We believe that we now have the management structure and team in place to support our initiatives and plans for the future.
Moving Forward
We are proud of our accomplishments in 2004 and pleased with the strong momentum they have generated for our Company. We have a compelling portfolio of brands, a sound operating model, a solid infrastructure, and a disciplined and professional leadership team that is committed to driving further improvements in revenue and profit.
As we move forward I would like to thank our many constituents for their support. This includes the hard work of our associates, the endorsement of our customers, the counsel of the members of our Board, and the loyalty of our many valued shareholders. We are confident that the best is yet to come for Warnaco, and we look forward to sharing our continued success with you in the months and years ahead.
 Joseph R. Gromek
President and Chief Executive Officer
4 THE WARNACO GROUP, INC.
 