       1997 1998 1999 2000 2001
106
126
112 102
    146
Q&A with Jim Rubright
What was Rock-Tenn’s most signifi- cant achievement in 2001?
I believe the fact that we were able to continue our strong capital investment program and still reduce debt by $49 million and pay $10 million in dividends shows the significant financial strength of this company and that we can generate substantial free cash flow.
There are many specific achievements that contributed to the results of 2001, some of which we detail in this report, but they all
James A. Rubright
our commitment to high performance. Our culture is not for everyone. We have lost good people, but our culture has energized so many people and attracted so many more to our company who thrive on our culture that we are a much stronger company today than we were before. We are a home to peo- ple who are committed to working for a great company and who will do all they
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
can to make Rock-Tenn just that.
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
Satisfy our customers completely. Invest for competitive advan- tage. Empower action and change. Commit to high performance. Simple but powerful fundamentals that are driving our results.
Last year we announced our commitment to high performance and told you that we saw encouraging evidence of improve- ment ahead for Rock-Tenn. At the time
we published our 2000 annual report, the signs of the economic downturn were all around us, and we may have appeared opti- mistic. Nonetheless, in 2001 we made our first down payment on our commitment. During a year when all of our markets faced serious downturns, the U.S. entered a reces- sion and we and our competitors struggled with the effects of decreasing volumes and intense pressure on margins, Rock-Tenn increased core earnings per share (excluding plant closing costs) by 15%. We also sig- nificantly increased cash flow to continue our capital expenditure program, repay
$49 million in debt and pay our sharehold- ers $10 million in dividends. These results encourage us to stay with our strategy
in 2002.
evidence one trait imbedded in our culture – we are relentless. Relentless in the pursuit of customer satisfaction, relentless in the pursuit of product and process innovation, relentless about lowering our costs and relentless in
This year, with the recession in full swing, we are committed to doing even better.
In this report we will trace the reasons we improved in 2001 and mark the initiatives that we believe will lead to even better results in 2002.
in earnings power. Within our Packaging Products Segment, the Folding Carton Division is Rock-Tenn’s largest business, with over $600 million in sales. Sales in 2001 were up 1% even though we closed four plants and consolidated the business into other, more efficient operations. To achieve this sales increase in the face of declining market conditions, we needed to retain almost all of our existing business despite these plant closings and deliver some strong new sales – and we did it.
Operating Cash Flow
Relentless Efforts Provide Results
Packaging Products Segment Logs Significant Improvement
Rock-Tenn’s commitment to performance means commitment to increasing the value of our shares. That means growth
Rock-Tenn 2001 Annual Report
pg. 5
(in millions of dollars)

     1997 1998 1999 2000 2001
142
   181 180
174
181
     1997
1998
1999 2000 2001
80
  116
114 101
108
      pg. 6
Rock-Tenn 2001 Annual Report pg. 7
EBITDA
Rock-Tenn’s relentless performance this past year was also evident in our plastic
Operating Income
Within the Specialty Paperboard Division, we had our challenges during 2001, with two areas of our business adversely affecting our performance. In our laminated paper- board products converting business, very weak demand for ready-to-assemble furni- ture components and for book covers led to poor operating results for these converting operations, as well as adversely affecting our specialty mills through lower demand for
Excluding plant closing and other one-time costs (in millions of dollars)
Excluding plant closing and other one-time costs (in millions of dollars)
Can Rock-Tenn continue to increase earnings in 2002?
Many of the operating improvements and capital investments we made in 2001 will gain traction in 2002. We also should see continuing growth at Alliance and in the Folding Carton Division’s results. With all of these drivers in place, our employees should be able to produce even better results in 2002.
Do you think investing in your- selves is still the best strategy?
We will invest in ourselves to achieve competitive advantage and be a market leader in
all of our businesses. Take that as a given. However, I think we have achieved the financial capacity to take advantage of more of the opportunities that may arise in the future. I see us being more outwardly focused on growth opportunities over time as the improvements we have made at Rock-Tenn gain momentum.
Doing so in a much more efficient operating environment drove folding carton operating income up 61% in 2001, approaching our near-term goal of a return on sales of 5% across this business.
packaging business. Earnings grew signifi- cantly as we completed the transformation of this business to a low-cost leader in the high-end, custom thermoformed plastics market. Our Plastic Packaging Division continued to grow during fiscal 2001 to $77 million in annual sales. This increase reflects the continued focus of this team
on identifying specific customer market needs and meeting them with high-value custom packaging products. This includes the successful DuraFreshTM rigid case ready tray line, which continues to attract new business from meat, poultry and seafood processors. In January of fiscal 2002, our expanded capacity will be 400 million trays per year, up from 300 million per year.
further consolidated operations by eliminat- ing one Midwestern plant, which we believe will lead to stronger results in 2002.
to customers in the Southeast. While our sales and profits declined somewhat during fiscal 2001, reflecting general conditions
in the corrugated packaging industry as a whole, we continue to earn attractive returns in this business and are evaluating oppor- tunities to expand these operations during fiscal 2002.
This improving performance reflects the success of the consolidation program we implemented over the past two years. We have reduced the number of plants from 21 to 17 at a one-time cash cost of $13.5 million. The remaining folding carton plants provide expanded capabilities to serve the needs of both national and regional customers across the United States and Canada.
Merchandising Displays and Corrugated Packaging Segment: Alliance Growth
Still Strong
Our focus on opportunities to expand our merchandising and display business led
Our folding carton customer base includes over 1,100 customers with our top 10 cus- tomers accounting for less than 30% of total folding carton sales. We feel that we are now positioned to grow in the folding car- ton business as opportunities arise, and we plan to invest approximately $10 million to add high-speed capacity in two of our fold- ing carton plants during fiscal 2002.
While we are pleased with the perform- ance of these two divisions, the results of our RTS Packaging joint venture with Sonoco were unsatisfactory. Volumes declined 10% primarily due to our failure to retain the business of one major glass producer with whom we have had a long- term contract. At the end of the year we
Our coated paperboard mills produced very good results in an extremely difficult market- place in 2001. In the face of weak demand for coated boxboard and intense price pressure, our Coated Paperboard Division actually increased operating income 24% to $37 million. Intense focus on operating excel- lence and product quality and a favorable cost environment for recycled fiber com- bined to produce these exceptional results.
to another year of growth at Alliance. In 2001, our sales grew 19% with a comparable increase in earnings as the Alliance team continued to consolidate their market lead- ership position. Alliance capitalizes on the shift of promotional dollars into direct-to- consumer, in-store advertising. Alliance’s Concept-to-Consumer® strategy has proven to be highly attractive to consumer prod- ucts companies as they continue to seek more service from single-source vendors. Our sales at Alliance increased from
$153 million to $181 million during fiscal 2001. We are excited about the prospects
of continued expansion in 2002 as Alliance continues to find new avenues for meeting the growing market-driven needs of con- sumer products companies.
Paperboard Segment: Mixed Results
Our Corrugated Packaging Division continues to provide outstanding service

     1997 1998 1999 2000 2001
87 82
      92 95
     1997 1998 1999 2000 2001
1,114
1,297
1,313 1,463
1,442
73
           pg. 8
Rock-Tenn 2001 Annual Report
pg. 9
Capital Expenditures
Over the past year, we have undertaken a number of initiatives that will support our culture of relentless performance. For fiscal 2002, we have instituted a new financial measure for all of our decision-making based on the concept of return over capital costs. Stated simply, we assess a financial
Net Sales
(in millions of dollars)
(in millions of dollars)
Do you think any changes in Rock- Tenn’s culture are needed?
Our culture is our most important asset. As long as we stay committed to empowering our employees in a decentralized environment and relentlessly pursuing high performance, we will continue to retain and attract employees who will deliver superior results.
James A. Rubright
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
paperboard. In December 2000, we idled the No.1 paper machine at our Lynchburg Mill, which helped increase operating rates at our other specialty mills to 96% for the fiscal year. However, the costs of idling this machine, as well as higher than expected start-up costs at the rebuilt No. 2 machine, which we have contributed to the Seven Hills joint venture, significantly reduced
the operating income for our specialty
mills. During fiscal 2002 we expect to
bring our Seven Hills joint venture with Lafarge Corporation up to full production. When production for Lafarge fully ramps up during 2002, we will produce over 70,000 tons per year of gypsum paperboard liner for Lafarge’s United States gypsum wall- board plants. We expect this venture to be accretive to earnings in fiscal 2002.
charge on all of our operations for the assets they employ, and measure performance by comparing operating income to the capital charge. We believe this new measure will foster much greater long-term accountability all down the line for the decisions we make in allocating capital expenditures and invest- ing in our business.
During fiscal 2001 we also instituted the Six Sigma quality and process improvement program as a company-wide initiative. We currently have 12 black belts in training
and will add 12 more in 2002. Each black belt will spend two years exclusively devoted to quality and process improvement projects. This is a very significant commitment of people and money for our company that we believe will produce breakthrough gains in quality, productivity and process effectiveness.
Randy Sexton Retires from Board
New Initiatives for 2002
will execute consistently with a relentless pursuit of improvement, and create a cul- ture of high performance and innovation to maximize our return on invested capital and create market leaders. We made progress on all fronts in 2001, but much remains to be done in 2002, and we all look forward to the opportunities ahead for further progress this year.
During the past fiscal year, we also began an ongoing process of systematically asking our customers how satisfied they are with our products and services. The results of this initiative will give us an objective yardstick to measure our performance. Even in its early days we have gathered a wealth of data to improve our performance. Our goal is to satisfy our customers completely, every time, and become our customers’ unquestioned supplier of choice. We are so committed to this measure of customer satisfaction that we have added it to financial performance and safety performance as the measures for our management incentive bonus plans. We are committed to continuously improving our customer satisfaction.
In 2002 We Will Stay With Our Strategy
At our January shareholders’ meet- ing, Randy Sexton will retire as a director of Rock-Tenn Company. Randy has been a director since 1967 and throughout that time has been a highly valued advisor, thoughtful contributor to our deci- sions and a good friend. We all thank Randy for his great service to Rock-Tenn Company.
Our results in fiscal 2001 confirm our com- mitment to our strategy for 2002. As we said last year – our strategy is very straight- forward. We will invest in ourselves for competitive advantage and growth. We
I want to thank Rock-Tenn’s employees for their relentless efforts during a difficult economic time and for proving that this company has what it takes to be great. I look forward to working with all of you
to make that goal a reality.
Sincerely,
