                                 Dear Shareholders:
In 2012 we demonstrated how well our business could perform in our first full year of operations
after completing the Smurfit-Stone acquisition and confirmed our belief that our global, low-cost contain- erboard and paperboard assets would perform well across economic cycles. While the U.S. economy continued its anemic recovery and Europe’s economy turned sharply downward in the late fall and early winter, worldwide demand for containerboard contin- ued to increase - by an expected 2.7 percent in 2012 following a 3 percent increase in 2011.
After the seasonally slow winter months, the strength in demand for U.S. virgin containerboard exports contributed to a domestic environment char- acterized by high mill operating rates and very tight containerboard inventory levels. With these conditions continuing through the summer, RockTenn announced a $50 per ton increase in domestic containerboard pricing, and Pulp & Paper Week published the $50
per ton increase in September. With containerboard inventory levels at 32-year lows for the month of October, we are implementing the related box price increase on our North American box production.
 Senior Leadership Team
(left to right)
Paul W. Stecher
Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer
George W. Turner
Senior Vice President - Six Sigma
Richard E. Steed
Executive Vice President - Specialty Paperboard Products
John L. O’Neal
Senior Vice President - Supply Chain and Specialty Products
Jeffrey W. Chalovich
Senior Vice President and General Manager - Corrugated Container
Robert B. McIntosh
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Jennifer Graham-Johnson
Executive Vice President - Human Resources
James A. Rubright
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Michael E. Kiepura
President - Consumer Packaging and Recycling
2

                                 RockTenn | 2012 Annual Report
                         With flat domestic containerboard demand and cyclically low export containerboard and pulp pricing, RockTenn generated $518 million, or $7.18 per share
in free cash flow, that we applied to dividends, debt repayment, pension contributions in excess of pension expense and two accretive corrugated acquisitions. Although we have little visibility to significant near- term change in the domestic and global economic picture, we are forecasting that in 2013 we will increase our free cash flow used for those purposes by 25 percent to approximately $650 to $675 million or about $9 per share.1
A characteristic of our businesses is that when some things are going against us, other things tend to move in our favor. Hence, our costs of recycled fiber and energy declined in 2012, partially offsetting the effect
of flat domestic demand and lower export pricing. Our blended average index pricing for recycled fiber declined throughout the year from $158 per ton in October 2011 to a low of $77 per ton in September 2012. In 2012 we
1 This and certain other statements in this letter are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. See “Cautionary Statements" set forth on page A-3 of Appendix A of this Annual Report for important limitations regarding forward-looking statements.
  Steven C. Voorhees
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer
James B. Porter III
President - Corrugated Packaging
Thomas M. Stigers
Senior Vice President and General Manager - Containerboard Mills
Craig A. Gunckel
Executive Vice President and General Manager - Merchandising Displays
Erik J. Deadwyler
Senior Vice President and General Manager - Recycling
Nina E. Butler
Senior Vice President and Senior Environmental Counsel
A. Stephen Meadows
Chief Accounting Officer
John D. Stakel
Senior Vice President and Treasurer
Gregory L. King
Senior Vice President - Procurement, Safety and Health
3

                                1.
4
 1. The Cullman, Ala., sheet plant joined the Company with the June 2012
Mid South Packaging, LLC acquisition.
2. The West Point, Va., mill produces white top linerboard, a RockTenn product that is considered the industry standard.
3. A state-of-the-art corrugator at the Murfreesboro, Tenn., box plant ensures RockTenn customers receive superior products.
4. The Solvay, N.Y., mill is one of North America’s lowest-cost recycled containerboard facilities.
    RockTenn’s Corrugated Packaging business
RockTenn’s Corrugated Packaging business is North America’s second- largest producer of containerboard and corrugated packaging with a 20 percent market share. The system, with 13 well-capitalized, low-cost mills and 109 converting facilities, is competitive with numerous opportunities to further reduce costs and optimize the system. RockTenn is well positioned in the industry, which is experiencing strong fundamentals in mill operating rates and inventory levels.
   
                                RockTenn | 2012 Annual Report
                            2.
  3.
consumed 4.1 million tons of recycled fiber in our mills. In addition, NYMEX natural gas pricing declined significantly, beginning the year at $3.76 per mmbtu and bottoming in May at $2.04 per mmbtu before increasing to $2.63 per mmbtu by September 2012. We purchased 29.7 million mmbtu in 2012.
Our corrugated packaging segment income of $364 million increased $122 million over 2011 reflecting a full year of operations after the Smurfit- Stone acquisition. Segment EBITDA was $782 million and segment EBITDA margins were 12.7 percent. Corrugated packaging segment margins were lower than RockTenn’s pre-acquisition, industry-leading margins. While we expect that we will be able to increase significantly the EBITDA margin contri- butions of the Smurfit-Stone operations we acquired, we also recognize that this will be a multi-year process. On the other hand, since the purchase price we agreed to pay represented 6.2 times our estimate of Smurfit-Stone’s post- bankruptcy, pre-acquisition EBITDA, we expected to produce strong free cash flow returns from the acquisition. This we accomplished - RockTenn gener- ated over $7 per share as I noted earlier - with the significant synergies and performance improvements we achieved contributing strongly to our results.
In fact, by the end of 2012, our annual run rate of synergies and perfor- mance improvements was at least $250 million, with significant running room ahead for further improvement. In 2012 we incurred about $60 million in cash costs to realize these synergies and performance improvements. We also recovered cash proceeds of $40 million, principally from the sale of closed plant sites, for a net cash outlay of $20 million, which is much better than we had anticipated.
    4.
 5
 
                                    We generated these cost savings and operating improvements from a broad range of initiatives. During 2012 we replaced Smurfit-Stone’s account- ing and financial systems and achieved related administrative cost savings. We continued to leverage purchasing and sourcing opportunities that have resulted in significant savings for our Company. We also moved critical corru- gated operations support functions from St. Louis and Chicago to Atlanta. This, however, resulted in the need to replace many more of the former Smurfit-Stone employees with new hires than we had initially expected, which brought associated start-up and training costs.
Our primary operating focus was to increase corrugated container sales and customer retention through improved performance and product quality. As we anticipated, container sales declined modestly compared to the indus- try immediately following the acquisition. By the fourth quarter of 2012, our focused efforts produced growth compared to the industry, a trend that has accelerated into the first quarter of 2013. We also exceeded our planned corrugated container plant closures by closing a total of 13 plants through the end of 2012. These closures play a necessary role in our overall plan to reduce our total converting system costs by upgrading our converting assets; training and improving the performance of our operating personnel; and creating a well-capitalized, high-performing box plant system. In July 2012, we named Jeff Chalovich head of our box plant system. Jeff joined RockTenn in 2008 with the Southern Container acquisition and brings to the system a long track record of great results. Jeff reorganized the box plant leadership and began making a number of key new hires and internal moves to address the needs and opportunities we identified as having the greatest long-term impact on the performance of our box plant system. This team has identified and begun working on a large number of projects that are significantly improving the overall performance of our box plant system - improvements that we believe will show great results in fiscal 2013.
 2.
   3.
   4.
6
 
  Investing for competitive advantage
A series of investments in the natural gas delivery infrastructure at the Stevenson, Ala., Fernandina Beach, Fla., and West Point and Hopewell, Va., mills scheduled from 2012 through 2014 is on track to recover project costs in less than one year. Averaging approximately 10 million BTUs per ton of containerboard produced, these investments drive significant savings. Natural gas provides fuel flexibility while lowering operating costs.
RockTenn’s investment in virgin mills through the 2011 Smurfit-Stone acquisition created a combined virgin and recycled mill system that is a key strategic asset for the Company. As virgin costs have been historically less volatile than recycled fiber costs, balancing the system provides manufacturing flexibility.
1. At the Stevenson, Ala., mill, a redundant natural gas feed system ensures a consistent supply, mini- mizing potential interruptions.
2., 3., 4. Virgin fiber sources at the West Point, Va., mill and recycled furnish at the Solvay, N.Y., mill are part of RockTenn’s balanced system that utilizes 55 percent virgin and 45 percent recycled fiber inputs.
  1.
                                  RockTenn | 2012 Annual Report
                          7

                                1.
8
   Innovation in processes and products
The corrugated packaging leadership team is working to optimize economies of scale by modeling a successful initiative in RockTenn’s Consumer Packaging business that creates standard work platforms to identify the best processes and drive productivity at all facilities.
RockTenn has long provided an array of proprietary, patented box products to customers. This year, new innovations include ComboPACTM, a patented, corrugated bulk bin that is 100 percent recyclable and ships flat to customers, and the next generation of Meta® Systems, which introduces a series of mandrel-formed boxes and trays.
  1., 2. Manufactured at the Cullman, Ala., sheet plant, the ComboPACTM design utilizes a complex folding system and an ultra-strong woven poly sleeve to hold up to 2,000 pounds of poultry.
3. The Conprinta machine at the Hebron, Ky., preprint plant, which prints 10-color, high-impact graphics with shorter set-up times, is one of only two in North America, both of which are owned by RockTenn.
4. The Meta® Systems two-piece shelf-ready designs deliver production, distribution and display efficiency to RockTenn customers.
      
                                RockTenn | 2012 Annual Report
                         RockTenn | 2012 Annual Report
                          2.
 3.
 A second major focus of our corrugated
segment operations in 2012 has been aggres-
sively addressing the capital maintenance needs
of our mill system and taking advantage of the many opportunities that exist for high-return modernizing and cost-reducing investments.
We spent $256 million on capital expenditures in our mill system in 2012 and realized significant benefits in improved and consistent product quality. We also completed the first of four projects to replace fuel oil with natural gas at the major acquired containerboard mills that did not have natural gas service. At $4 per mmbtu of natural gas, this first project at our Stevenson, Ala., mill will generate savings of $16 million per year. In 2013 we will complete three more projects at our Fernandina Beach, Fla., and Hopewell and West Point, Va., mills, which we expect to produce annual savings of $26 million on capital investments aggregating $26 million.
We also entered into an agreement that will end our long-term steam supply contract at our Solvay, N.Y., mill. This agreement provides $27 million in funding assistance and enables us to build a modern, natural gas-fired steam boiler. When we acquired Solvay in 2008, this coal-based steam contract provided an economic benefit to the mill that has since reversed, given the change in the relative cost of coal and natural gas, and the environ- mental cost of continuing to operate the coal-based power plant that provided our steam.
We also completed a series of major modifications and upgrades at our Hodge, La., mill. These projects have increased the total lightweight linerboard production capacity of the mill, now operating two high-capacity linerboard
 4.
  9
   
                                10
  RockTenn’s Consumer Packaging business
RockTenn’s Consumer Packaging business is North America’s second-largest producer of coated recycled board and folding cartons,
as well as the largest merchandising display manufacturer and paper recycler. The highly profitable Consumer Packaging business is consistently one of the industry’s top performers. This year, Johnson & Johnson awarded RockTenn the company’s Supplier Sustainability Award.
 1. Employees perform stringent quality inspec- tions at the Dallas, Texas, coated paperboard mill. Already the system’s lowest-cost mill, the facility is further reducing costs follow- ing a 2012 capital investment to enable the receipt of loose fibers.
2. Conover, N.C., folding carton plant employees earned the Carolina Star safety program cer- tification following an 18-month collaborative partnership with OSHA.
3. The Demopolis, Ala., bleached paperboard mill set yearly production records on both the SBS board machine and the pulp dryer that rep- resent increases of approximately 10 percent from the original 2005 acquisition analysis.
  2.
      
                                RockTenn | 2012 Annual Report
                          machines and allowing the retirement of two older paper machines, which previously produced 255,000 tons per year of kraft paper and corrugated medium. While we have had a difficult startup at the mill, by mid-December we will be realizing most of the expected benefits of the project and will have created a much stronger and more productive lightweight linerboard mill.
In July 2012, we named Tom Stigers head of our corrugated mill system. Tom had previously produced outstanding results leading our coated paper- board mills. Tom and the new leadership team he has assembled have a long list of strategic investments in our containerboard mill system that will continue our progress in upgrading and modernizing our infrastructure, reduc- ing our production costs, and, if we choose to do so, increasing our overall production capacity. Through our investments and the conversion of kraft paper and medium production to linerboard at Hodge - as well as other operating improvements - we have increased our linerboard capacity
by approximately 200,000 tons per year, but we have largely offset those increases by the closure of our 176,000 tons per year Matane, Quebec, medium mill, which has improved our liner-medium balance while reducing our average cost of manufacturing.
We plan to invest $450 million in capital in 2013, of which $328 million will be in our corrugated segment, with amounts beyond annual capital maintenance focused on high-return, cost-reducing projects and further modernization and upgrades. Today we operate a large containerboard system with an average cost in the second quartile on the North American cost curve. We believe we have excellent opportunities and well-developed plans to move our total system cost further left on that cost curve. With the
 1.
  3.
 11
 
                                   investments that we are making to realize our synergies and performance improvements and the improving North American corrugated packaging busi- ness, we are targeting segment EBITDA percentage margins in the high teens.
Although much of our investor focus was on our corrugated segment and the integration of our Smurfit-Stone acquisition, our consumer packaging segment posted outstanding results in 2012. Consumer segment earnings increased 26 percent to $347 million in 2012 as Performance Excellence, Sales Excellence and Lean Six Sigma operating initiatives continued to position our converting plants and mills to capitalize on the favorable cost environment. Applying these methods and tools to increase employee engagement and supporting them with capital has produced remarkable results. In fact, over the last five years our co-workers in our folding carton plants have increased their productivity by 6.4 percent per year (measured by volume of converted products per co-worker). Our results also benefitted significantly from the lower recycled fiber and natural gas costs I mentioned earlier, which combined reduced consumer segment operating costs by $28 million or 1.5 percent
over 2011. Segment EBITDA margins increased to 17.3 percent for the year. Customer satisfaction within the segment - which we measure annually across all of our businesses - continued at very high, value accreting levels across our consumer packaging segment.
Consumer segment revenue increased 8 percent, driven primarily by higher sales of promotional displays from a full year of sales generated by the Smurfit-Stone display plants acquired in May 2011. The integration of these plants and sales and design teams significantly strengthened the market- leading position of our display business, leading to higher earnings in 2012 and providing opportunities for sales increases and further system cost reductions that we plan to achieve in 2013 and beyond.
Our recycling sales declined over the course of the year with lower prevailing market prices for recycled fiber, which compressed plant operating
 2.
  3.
12
 
                                RockTenn | 2012
             Annual Report
             13
1.
   Continuous improvement through the Performance Excellence System
RockTenn’s folding carton business focuses on optimization and standardization to drive perfor- mance improvements. Through the Performance Excellence System, which is driven by employee engagement, zero loss and standard work practices, employees relentlessly pursue continu- ous improvement and have increased their productivity by a compounded 6.4 percent since 2008.
 1., 2. Employees at the Waxahachie, Texas, and Conover, N.C., folding carton plants joined eight other facilities participating in the Perfor- mance Excellence System rollout.
3. Since moving the folding carton plant in Marion, N.C., to a state- of-the-art facility, the team has expanded its customer base and realized double-digit sales growth.
     
                                1.
14
    
                                RockTenn | 2012 Annual Report
                          Solutions to satisfy every customer, every time
RockTenn’s Merchandising Displays business provides industry-leading innovation and execution at very low costs. Its network of manufac- turing plants, fulfillment facilities, and sales and design offices partners with customers to provide innovative, full-service design expertise from CONCEPT TO CHECKOUT.®
 1. RockTenn’s Merchandising Displays business uses the latest technology to create cost-effective solutions that increase customer sales.
2. At the 2012 Shopper Marketing Expo, RockTenn won 16 Design of the Times awards - more than any other supplier. The COVERGIRL® mascara display is just one of the winning displays.
and brokerage margins. Recycled segment earnings declined by $7.7 million over 2011 despite the acquisition of the 31 Smurfit-Stone recycling plants, as the combination of lower margins and relatively high fixed costs in the acquired operations resulted in reduced earnings. Our first post-acquisition focus on the recycled business was to optimize recycled fiber acquisition and supply to our containerboard and paperboard mills, as well as to integrate remarketing of double-lined kraft and other plant wastes. We completed these actions in the first half of 2012 and although effective, the benefits of these initiatives were reported mainly in the corrugated segment, not the recycled segment.
In July 2012, we named Erik Deadwyler the leader of Recycling. Erik had led the RockTenn recycling operations prior to the Smurfit-Stone acquisition. During September and October, Erik implemented a reorganization of the recycling operations that removed about $8 million per year in fixed overhead costs by reducing and redeploying staffing, and announcing the closure or exiting of six underperforming and non-strategic recycling plants. We plan further cost improvement and margin enhancement by implementing the RockTenn recycling business model across the much larger former Smurfit- Stone recycling system during the course of 2013.
As part of our ongoing improvement efforts, we also published our first Sustainability Report in 2012 that outlined our approach to sustainability and measured our progress toward achieving our 2020 goals. Our commitment to
2.
   15
    
                                1.
16
       
                                RockTenn | 2012 Annual Report
                         Sustainability: always a part of RockTenn’s business model
RockTenn has always produced paper-based packaging from recycled paperboard. The Company’s core business activities have been founded on recycling products that create economic value by reusing products otherwise bound for waste streams. The Company practices a compre- hensive, transparent approach to sustainability to minimize its impact on the environment.
  1. RockTenn’s Recycling business manages more than eight million tons of paper fiber annually with approximately four million tons entering the Company’s mill system.
2. RockTenn published its first Sustainability Report defining six goals for 2020 along with case studies and two-year progress metrics.
acting in a sustainable manner is not new - in fact, sustainability has always been at the core of RockTenn’s operating philosophy. Every other year we plan to publish a comprehensive report that addresses our dedication to people, performance and the environment. The current report is available for down- load from our Company website at www.rocktenn.com.
I would like to take this opportunity to offer my thanks and best wishes to two of our retiring directors, Robert Currey and Ralph Hake. Robert has served on RockTenn’s board since 1989 and Ralph Hake joined as a director with the Smurfit-Stone acquisition in 2011. Their sound judgment and guid- ance have contributed greatly to RockTenn’s continued growth. I am also saddened to note the loss of Jim Young, a RockTenn director since 2003, who passed away in February 2012. His absence is felt by all who had the pleasure of working with him.
I also want to express my thanks to the 26,000 co-workers at RockTenn who contribute to our progress by doing the right thing for our Company and our customers every day. I am privileged to be one of them.
James A. Rubright
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
2.
    17
   