3
 Letter to Shareholders
 RockTenn | 2010 Annual Report
 Letter to Shareholders
RockTenn’s 10,400 co-workers produced another year of industry leading margins as we continued to gain share in our markets
and advance operational excellence across our businesses.
 Our strong margins and the low maintenance capital expenditure require- ments of our largely recycled mill system again generated strong free cash flow returns to our shareholders – a 14.6% return to shareholders who bought our shares on the last day of the preceding fiscal year. We ended the fiscal year with our mill backlogs at historic highs and the expectation that we will not take any economic downtime in our paperboard mills and containerboard mills for the foreseeable future.
We have announced price increases on all paperboard grades that would lead to higher realized pricing over the course of fiscal 2011. All of which gives us confi- dence that our earnings per share will continue to grow in fiscal 2011.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
James A. Rubright

4
 Letter to Shareholders
                 In last year’s letter I noted that whenever the economy regained its footing we would see a steep escalation in recycled fiber costs, our largest single input cost. The combination of the beginning of the recovery, the expiration of black liquor tax credits (causing virgin manufacturers to shift back to a normal furnish mix of virgin and recycled fiber) and seasonally low fiber generation, all occurring at the same time, resulted in a very steep recy- cled fiber price spike, peaking at $165 per ton Chicago OCC in March 2010. Even so, RockTenn’s adjusted earnings per share stayed roughly on pace with fiscal 2009 when recycled fiber prices averaged $57 per ton less. Why? We were able to raise prices enough that with our increased production and operating improvements, we more than offset the higher price of
recycled fiber. In fact, our $610 per ton average net selling price for all grades
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010 was $62 higher than the average selling price in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. The net effect was that the fiber price spike passed through, and while earnings for several quarters suffered by comparison to 2009, the full year earnings did not.
As our shareholders who have followed RockTenn for some time know – we measure our success by our ability to generate strong cash flows, specifically our free cash flow return on market equity. Our belief is that we can – and our commitment to our shareholders
is that we will – deliver free cash flow returns nicely in excess of 10% over the course of each full business cycle. As I mentioned, our free cash flow return on

                   Letter to Shareholders
 5
 ROBOTIC WORK CELLS AT CLAREMONT FOLDING
Robotic work cells palletize folding carton cases safely and efficiently. RockTenn investments in applied technology reduce production costs and promote safe operations,
in this case by reducing the risk of repetitive motion injuries caused by palletizing finished carton cases.

    6
Merchandising Displays’ :Dotrix Modular wide-web, high-speed printing enables on the fly, fast changeovers and short economical runs.
   The Winston-Salem Merchandising Displays design team collaborates in all aspects of the creative thought process to reduce development cycle times.
 Letter to Shareholders
                 beginning market equity was 14.6% for fiscal 2010. Our average free cash flow return on beginning market equity for the last five fiscal years has been 17%. We achieve these returns with a laser focus
on the critical success factors for our busi- nesses. First, low cost wins! We achieve low cost by investing in our assets and
our co-workers for competitive advantage and by optimizing and standardizing our processes to our one best way of doing everything we do. Second, we differenti- ate ourselves in our marketplace by unmatched customer satisfaction, to make RockTenn the supplier of choice at any given price point (a critical advantage in

                 7
 INVESTING FOR COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE
Merchandising Displays’ Winston-Salem manufacturing facility employs state-of-the-art graphics capabilities for digital, offset and flexographic printing under one roof. Pictured here is Merchandising Displays’ new 56-inch Heidelberg digital offset press added in 2010.
 our competitive businesses). We achieve our outstanding customer satisfaction through reliability, consistent quality, innovation and reducing our customers’ risks and with co-workers who our customers consistently tell us do what- ever it takes to meet their needs. And third, we maintain our competitive
advantage through our commitment
to operational excellence and continuous improvement.
These operating principles optimize our absolute returns. To optimize our return on equity, we adhere to a disciplined capital philosophy that we believe best

                 8
 EXCEPTIONAL PRODUCT QUALITY
RockTenn is the largest U.S. producer of quality take-out packaging for a wide variety of establishments including fine dining restaurants and leading grocers. RockTenn’s extremely popular and fast growing Bio-Pak® paperboard take-out containers keep food hot or cold in one-piece pails that are microwavable, leak and grease resistant and great looking.

9
 Letter to Shareholders
                 balances sufficient leverage to increase returns to equity and a sufficiently conser- vative capital structure that minimizes risk and preserves our flexibility to take advantage of opportunities that may arise. We believe our most efficient capital struc- ture lies between 2.0 and 3.0 times debt to EBITDA – we are currently at 2.3 times, excluding black liquor tax credit benefits. We are willing to stretch that boundary for great opportunities. Our pro forma lever- age after our Gulf States and Southern Container acquisitions was 4.3 times and 4.2 times, but in both cases we believed the acquisitions would deleverage quickly; and they did, bringing our leverage back below 3.0 times in short order after closing each acquisition. Given our current capital posi- tion and the growth of our earnings and
cash flow, we increased our dividend to an annual rate of $.80 per share from $.60 per share. We also bought back approxi- mately 75,000 shares of stock in the fourth quarter of 2010 as we began to manage our leverage ratio.
In 2010, each of our business segments adhered to the operating principles that
I described above and achieved outstand- ing results. I’ll outline some of the most significant operating achievements in
the next paragraphs.
Our Consumer Packaging segment earned record sales of $1,578 million and operat- ing income of $186 million, a 12% operating margin, excluding $28.8 million of alternative fuel mixture credits, as our mills took advantage of strong demand, and our folding carton plants continued
RockTenn | 2010 Annual Report

 10
 Letter to Shareholders
                 their dramatic improvements in opera- tional excellence. The operational improvements achieved in our folding carton operations over the past four years increased our income by $70 million in fiscal 2010, more than offsetting $30 mil- lion in increased materials, energy and labor costs, and increasing operating
margins from 3.2% to 7% in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2010.
Our Corrugated Packaging segment earned $140 million on sales of $801 million representing EBITDA and EBIT margins of 23% and 17%, again leading the industry by a wide margin. We shipped a record 956,000 tons of containerboard from our

                 RockTenn | 2010 Annual Report
11
 UNMATCHED CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
Since 2001, RockTenn has consistently measured customer satisfaction through surveys conducted by nationally recognized experts. RTS Packaging, LLC, North America’s largest partition producer and RockTenn’s joint venture with Sonoco Products Company, has scored above 9.0 for the last four years, earning the highest scores our independent experts have ever recorded for a manufacturing company. In 2010, the RTS team achieved an all-time high customer satisfaction score of 9.6 on a scale of 10.
 Solvay and St. Paul containerboard mills. Our box plants did a great job of passing through the two containerboard price increases (totaling $110 per ton in 2010) and solidified their customer base. And our industry leading graphics corrugated operations continued to increase their sales of high impact graphic pre-print
products. Sales of graphic corrugated prod- ucts increased by 16% in 2010.
Our Merchandising Displays business faced a challenging environment at the beginning of the year as our consumer products customers reduced promotional display purchases and new product

12
 Letter to Shareholders
                 launches amid the recession. We also
saw that competition in our marketplace was becoming stronger as several rela- tively new competitors recognized the opportunity in merchandising displays and sought to capture market share with lower cost product offerings. Our chal- lenge was to significantly reduce our cost structure while simultaneously, if possible, preserving our product innovation and superior Concept To Checkout® display execution capabilities. Our team accom- plished both of these goals during the year and closed the year with record segment sales of $101.4 million in the fourth quar- ter, 22% higher than the prior year quarter, while earning 12.3% segment income margins, within our target return expecta- tions for this business. In addition, these achievements have increased the overall
value proposition of our display business providing a sound basis for sales and customer growth in 2011.
Our Specialty Paperboard segment also faced the prospect of escalating recycled fiber prices as 2010 began. They did an excellent job of raising prices to balance fiber costs while ramping up production as demand for tube and core stock increased and demand for beer glass partitions declined with the recession-related decline in bottled beer consumption. The net financial result was segment operating income in line with fiscal 2009. We support our specialty mills in our Southeastern marketplace with a recy- cled fiber collection and brokerage business, whose increased income largely offset the higher recycled fiber prices. We are in the process of expanding

                 RockTenn | 2010 Annual Report
 Letter to Shareholders
13
 LOW COST WINS!
Low cost operations are the central tenet of RockTenn’s business strategy. A new entry six years ago into an established market, Murfreesboro Corrugated typifies RockTenn’s superbly equipped very high output corrugated box plants. The plant shipped 1.2 billion square feet in 2010. Pictured here is
the plant’s 110-inch BHS Corrugator.

   14
In RockTenn folding carton plants, Cast & Cure® and MiraFoil® technologies replace metallized materials with highly reflective aluminum micro flakes applied to UV coated board, making
the carton recyclable.
     Marion Folding was the first RockTenn folding carton plant to achieve triple chain of custody (CoC) certification to the standards of the three leading global forestry certification bodies.
   Letter to Shareholders
                 this business by introducing single stream collection facilities in medium sized cities in the Southeast where we can be the first market entrant. We believe that we will realize nice returns on our investments in these new facilities while strengthening our collection business and broadening
the platform underlying our profitable fiber trading and brokerage business.
Sustainability is a foundational element of the RockTenn business strategy and has contributed to our success in manufactur- ing value-added products from recycled

                 RockTenn | 2010 Annual Report
 LONG-STANDING SUSTAINABILITY COMMITMENT
RockTenn continuously creates solutions to reduce waste, improve efficiencies and increase product sustainability.
At RockTenn’s Solvay 100% recycled fiber containerboard mill, a water treatment system cultivates anaerobic microorganisms that clean process water, reducing municipal treatment fees and generating sellable byproducts.
15
 and renewable materials. In 2010, we established the RockTenn Sustainability Council, which reports directly to me. Our co-workers have defined the key elements of our sustainability commit- ment. In January 2010, we published our Sustainability Policy and we will release our initial Corporate Sustainability
Report in early 2011. In 2010, RockTenn’s Corrugated Packaging operation attained “triple” chain of custody certification to standards set by Sustainable Forestry Initiative®, Forest Stewardship Council and the Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification for all box plants and mills. All Consumer Packaging coated

                       The RockTenn Pop-N-Shop® brand is a one-piece corrugated shipper/display that maintains structural integrity yet uses less material than typical two-piece trays. The patent-pending design has new technology that easily assembles, reduces risk of injury and lessens product damage
at retail locations.
  16
 PRODUCT AND PROCESS IMPROVEMENT
Teams of high-performance, data-driven employees create and deliver value every day at RockTenn with continuous innovation in our products and processes.
    Organized work areas, new quality measure- ment tools and a Lean Six Sigma Gemba board contributed to $600,000 in waste reduction at the Mooresville Corrugated box plant in 2010.

                 mill operations also achieved triple certifi- cation, and our goal is that our remaining mills and folding carton plants will do so as well in 2011.
We believe the strides we’ve taken to improve our business profile and perfor- mance have created a strong platform
to continue to generate industry leading margins and shareholder returns. We believe that with our continued laser focus on the critical success factors for our businesses, we can make RockTenn an even better, more respected and more profitable company in 2011 and beyond – and we are highly motivated to do just that.
After our January shareholders meeting, we will need to do so without the guid- ance and support of two of our directors who will retire from the board by reason
of the age limits in our by-laws. Stephen Anderson has served as our director for 34 years, since 1977; John Hopkins for 22 years, since 1989. Both of them have made countless invaluable contributions to our board and our leadership teams as our Company has grown and prospered over those years. On behalf of the many RockTenn co-workers past and present whose careers have benefitted from having Stephen and John on our board, I extend our heartfelt thanks and best wishes.
James A. Rubright
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
RockTenn | 2010 Annual Report
 Letter to Shareholders
    17
