 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
On behalf of nearly 9,000 passionate and hard-working Western Union employees and approximately 1,000,000 Agent front line associates, I am pleased to take this opportunity to reflect on our company’s progress in 2012 and share our vision for 2013 and beyond.
WESTERN UNION page 1
  Western Union moves money along more than 16,000 corridors. These corridors are combinations of send and receive destinations such as the U.S. to the Dominican Republic, Russia to Uzbekistan, Germany to Turkey, and UAE to Philippines. There are thousands more examples. Our global team is inspired and motivated by the stories of our custom- ers and the extraordinary impact of the money sent through our unmatched network in 200 countries and territories.
Let me give you some examples. In Vietnam, we deliver funds to people’s homes. Last spring we signed agents in Iraq who are enabling workers from Eastern Europe and Asia, who have come thousands of miles for jobs, to send money back home to fami- lies and loved ones.
In 2012 we celebrated our 20th anniversary in Poland. In a busy passageway under the streets of Warsaw, we have one of the smallest Agent retail shops you will ever see. You can spread out your arms and touch both ends of it. From this location, Western Union processes more than 1,500 transactions a month. We have loca- tions at train stations in Milan, on busy streets in Mumbai, and in remote villages in Tanzania. In rural El Salvador and Paraguay, consumers can receive inter- national remittances on their mobile phone accounts without having to leave home via our mobile money transfer service, which is now available in 15 countries.
We meet customers’ needs by bridging gaps in the financial services sector for consumers and businesses alike. We strive to enable our consumers to access our global network anytime, anywhere, any way they need—quickly and conveniently—to meet their financial needs and achieve their full potential.
Western Union is a global brand with extensive cus- tomer relationships, vast payment capabilities and local market expertise. We operate through a net- work of more than 500,000 Agent locations and 100,000 ATMs, with the capacity to move money in more than 120 currencies.
We have made considerable progress evolving into a multi-channel, multi-product company that will create opportunities for more consumers and businesses than ever before.
Our business is financially strong, and we con- tinued to generate strong cash flow in 2012. We experienced a third consecutive year of constant cur- rency revenue growth, and returned more than $1 bil- lion to shareholders through a combination of stock buybacks and dividends. Even as we invest for the future in 2013, we expect to generate and deploy high levels of cash flow for our shareholders.
While we faced challenges in our consumer money transfer business in 2012, we are taking actions that we believe position us well for future growth.
 
 We are implementing pricing investments to enhance our value proposition. And we are working to add Agent locations, expanding in Europe, Latin America and Asia, and paving the way to formalize money transfer services in markets such as newly opened Myanmar.
Western Union is strongly positioned to become a leading cross-border digital agent. We are increasing our investments in high-growth electronic channels to build a world-class customer experience. These efforts are paying off in rapid growth in digital, account based money transfer, and mobile. Online, westernunion.com money transfer transactions grew more than 40% in 2012, while transactions for elec- tronic account based money transfer through banks surged more than 50%.
We endeavor to make it possible for consumers to use prepaid cards to transfer and manage money, enabling us to penetrate additional markets with unmet needs such as travel and government pay- ments. We now offer prepaid cards and services in 12 countries, and we are continuing to expand into new countries and segments.
We see a long term opportunity in business- to-business payments. Western Union Business Solutions is expanding to new markets, reaching 30 countries in 2012, moving more than $80 billion in principal and serving approximately 100,000 clients. Business Solutions is increasing product offerings for small businesses, exporters, educational institu- tions and non-governmental organizations, enabling international commerce with personalized customer service, innovation and expertise.
Western Union Payments offers innovative solu- tions for billers and consumers. From walk-in payments at our Agent locations to electronic bill payments, including online and mobile, our payment capabilities aim to meet evolving consumer demands, while supporting billers to maximize their business efforts.
I believe our commitment to responsibility sets us apart. How we conduct our business is just as important as the business itself, and we endeavor to systematically build on our strengths, and address the areas where we have room to grow. We are very committed, for example, to implementing best-in- class programs for consumer protection, anti-money laundering and compliance, and corporate social responsibility.
We are connecting with our customers in new ways and rallying our Agents and employees around a shared social cause. We have seen that education is the surest path to a better future. That is why, in 2012, we launched Education for Better, our new three-year commitment to engage our key stake- holders in meeting global education goals.
The strategic actions we began to implement in 2012 position us well for the future. We are mak- ing adjustments to improve our core businesses as well as diversifying our product portfolio, and I strongly believe in our future. In 2013 we will con- tinue our transition, with a clear focus on returning our business to stronger revenue and profit growth in 2014 and 2015. Our key initiatives include strengthen- ing consumer money transfer, driving customer growth and usage in Western Union Business Solutions, and generating and deploying strong cash flow for shareholders.
Thank you for your investment and confidence in our work. Together with Western Union’s global team, I look forward to advancing our business in 2013 and beyond.
HIKMET ERSEK
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director April 17, 2013
WESTERN UNION page 2
  