               and focused strategic partnerships to make life better for consumers and better for businesses.
In order to make this vision become a reality, we have organized our business around three key growth areas:
  •   Global  Consumer  Financial  Services,  which  includes  our  consumer money transfer and bill payments businesses;
  •   Western Union Business Solutions, our business-to-business  payments offering; and
  •   Western  Union  Ventures,  which  includes  our  digital  and  stored value initiatives, with a focus on developing new products, services and partnerships.
Highlights
In 2011, Western Union delivered its highest revenue growth rate since 2008, generating revenue of $5.5 billion and $1.2 billion in cash flow from operations. We continue to emphasize shareholder value as we returned $1 billion to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases.
Despite some global economic challenges, we experienced solid growth in each of our Global Financial Services regions in 2011.  In Europe, specifically, we advanced our strategy of being closer to the consumer and optimizing our operating model by completing the Angelo Costa and Finint super-agent acquisitions.  Our focus is on accelerating network expansion to reach yet more consumers by expanding our global sales force and continuing to pursue new Agents and new Agent categories. Another important  growth  area  is  Account  Based  Money  Transfer  and  expanding the availability of our services through ATMs, which  we are achieving through our existing and new relationships with banks.
Continue reading letter >>
   fellow shareholders,
 I am very pleased to report that 2011 was a good year for Western Union with many strong accomplishments, both in business performance and positioning our company for future growth.
The Western Union you know is a company that moves cash around the world quickly and reliably through nearly half a million locations—from global banks to local corner stores—and connects people and places that others cannot.
This business—consumer money transfer—is a great business. It’s a growing and very profitable one and it will continue to be an important business. However, the Western Union you know is also evolving to capture additional market opportunities.
Our long-term aspiration—to be the premier financial service
provider for the underserved—means finding new products,
capabilities, technologies and partnerships to better serve not
only our current customers, but potentially two billion people with
400
unmet financial service needs. It also means meeting the evolving needs of underserved businesses—mostly small and medium
enterprises—to make cross-border payments, allowing them to grow, create jobs and better compete in the global economy.
Western Union is evolving and combining its existing assets—
including our preeminent brand and far and wide global network—
with the web, mobile infrastructure, stored value capabilities
100
500
300
200
0
 Agent Locations
                                   1
    
                                                            In Western Union Business Solutions, we completed the acquisition of Travelex Global Business Payments (TGBP), which now makes Western Union one of the leading non-bank providers of cross-border payment services for small and medium-sized businesses.
With the TGBP acquisition, our focus is to complete the inte- gration and grow the business. Small business customers who want speed, accuracy and transparency in their cross-border payments are often underserved by providers. We believe the Business Solutions value proposition offers superior customer service and feature-rich capabilities, and has meaningful growth opportunities.
In Western Union Ventures, our electronic channels business continued to advance in 2011 with 35 percent revenue growth, demonstrating that combining our retail network with digital send and receive options—web, mobile and stored value—is helping to meet consumer needs in the marketplace. We opened a digital office in San Francisco and are investing in technology and people to improve the consumer experience in our digital offering. We believe this improved infrastructure will allow Western Union to expand this business in the next several years.
Hikmet Ersek, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, The Western Union Company, at the closing bell of the New York Stock Exchange.
   Partner of Choice
Also in 2011, we signed a global agreement with MasterCard to distribute prepaid cards by linking MasterCard’s processing network with Western Union’s distribution network—a truly powerful combination. Add to this our new or expanded part- nerships with Banco Bradesco, SA in Brazil, Banca Intesa Sanpaolo in Italy, and PayPoint in the United Kingdom and Romania for sending and receiving money transfers and Etisalat Group and Safaricom for mobile money transfer services and the emerging understanding of Western Union as a partner of choice becomes clear.
Focus on the Customer
As we move forward, Western Union is committed to continuing to develop its core business through an unrelenting focus on satisfying the needs of the customer. We will accomplish this through the dedication of our Agents and our 8,000 colleagues, who are key to the successful implementation of our plans.
With strong brand awareness, compliance capabilities, and a global Agent network, Western Union has the assets, capability and drive to be a truly customer-centric organization focused on the needs of the underserved.
I look forward to continuing to advance our business in 2012 and beyond for the mutual benefit of our customers, our communities, our Agents and our shareholders.
Hikmet Ersek
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
          2
Funds Returned to Shareholders ($ in millions)
share repurchases dividends
                                                      