LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
       truly a testament to the strength of our business model.
In 2009, Western Union continued to make solid progress in pursuing our strategic and financial objectives. We generated substantial cash flow and maintained strong margins, while positioning our company for continued growth by completing two acquisitions that enable us to enter new markets and attract new customers to our brand.
Revenue for 2009 was $5.1 billion, and we delivered $1.2 billion in cash flows from operations. We also raised our dividend and repurchased $400 million in stock.
   
These achievements come at a time of both challenge and opportunity. There are continuing economic difficulties around the globe, but we also see opportunities with new customers and market segments.
We are taking steps to position ourselves to take advantage of emerging opportunities over the long term by driving operational excellence, improving speed to market and creating financial flexibility to fund growth and support margins. To make this happen, our high-performance, global organization is at work extending our
We are taking advantage of marketplace
leadership position in cash money transfer and developing a world class experience for our consumers.
SETTING THE STAGE FOR GROWTH
During 2009 we successfully pursued a number of initiatives to help advance our three key strategic priorities – drive profitable growth in the core consumer-to-consumer money transfer business, which remains the heart of our company; develop innovative products and services in electronic channels that attract new customers; and expand our participation in the global business payments market.
   2

GROWING THE CORE
In our core consumer-to-consumer money transfer business, we expanded our distribution network in 2009 to more than 410,000 Agent locations in 200 countries and territories.
Our acquisition of the money transfer business of one of our largest Agents, FEXCO, enhances our core business operations and advances our ability to drive increased growth throughout Europe.
The Payment Services Directive in Europe will enable us to offer our
opportunities to expand our customer base.
services at new retail locations to consumers who will benefit from extended hours and greater convenience.
In North America, we are expanding our distribution and extending our brand to new customers through new Agent relationships with banks and their online distribution channels. We made significant progress by adding U.S. Bank and Fifth Third Bank, top-tier banks in the United States, and the continued acceleration of branch and online transactions at Scotiabank in Canada. Just over a year ago, banks were a very small part of our U.S. network. Today they
Westernunion.com allows people to send money online from a variety of countries.
  REVENUE
($ in billions)
                                               3

 Western Union’s mobile money transfer service allows people to send and receive money via their
cell phones in select countries.
represent more than 10% of our location distribution in the U.S. and Canada – a significant accomplishment.
Asia Pacific represents another growth opportunity. Relative to our global market share, we are under-represented in this region. During 2009, our strategic focus was on promoting our brand and increasing distribution throughout the region while leveraging our grassroots marketing program to help our business reach its full potential.
Focused marketing efforts also led to double-digit transaction growth
Mobile Money Transfer will offer
in intra-country transfers outside the U.S. last year. Although this intra- country business currently accounts for less than 2% of our total revenue, we see opportunities for future growth in several markets, including the United Kingdom and Indonesia.
ELECTRONIC CHANNELS: EXTENDING OUR REACH
We view our investments in electronic channels such as mobile money transfer, westernunion.com, account-based money transfer and prepaid programs, as important opportunities to provide existing and new customers a variety of innovative options to move money around the globe.
  CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS
($ in billions)
                             4

 We continue to view mobile – an emerging and complementary channel for money transfer – as a longer-term growth opportunity. We made considerable progress in implementing our mobile strategy in 2009, offering cross-border remittances to mobile phones in Kenya and the Philippines and enabling 10,000 Western Union Agent locations with cash-to-mobile service technology. Over the long term, we see the potential to transform the world’s nearly five billion mobile phones into virtual Western Union locations and are building key alliances today
consumers a new way to move money.
to be well positioned as the category evolves.
We continue to expand our online customer reach through
westernunion.com, which is now available in 18 countries. Our consumer data suggests that more than half of our online customers are either new to Western Union or have not used our retail service in the last 12 months. International transaction growth through this channel exceeded 40% in 2009.
Transactions from our account-based money transfer service through on-line banking systems increased more than 60% last year. Currently, 12 banks around the globe offer this service – Scotiabank in Canada,
   5

Garanti Bank in Turkey, Public Bank and CIMB in Malaysia among them. We have plans to expand this service in 2010.
Prepaid card programs provide us the opportunity to offer new services to our customers. Our reloadable prepaid offerings in the U.S. include our Prepaid Visa Gold card, MoneyWiseTM Visa® and Mastercard® programs. Consumers can add money to these cards in a variety of ways,includingloadingaWesternUnionMoneyTransfer® transaction directly onto a card. We are moving forward with a larger rollout of
Custom House has a reputation for
these cards in 2010 and are excited about this opportunity.
GROWING GLOBALLY WITH BUSINESS PAYMENTS
We believe there is great growth potential in serving small- and medium-sized businesses that make international payments to other businesses. We estimate that this business-to-business market generates global revenue at least as great as the consumer-to-consumer cross-border money transfer market.
Our acquisition of Custom House sets the stage for international expansion. Currently operating in seven countries, Custom House has a
                      6

reputation for exceptional customer service and reliability, providing foreign currency payment services to small- and medium-sized enterprises. We intend to grow this business by combining Western Union’s financial strength and global presence with Custom House’s proven business model.
Our U.S. bill payment business has been challenged by the economic and competitive environment, and we are taking steps to stabilize our position. Outside the U.S., Pago Fácil continues to perform well in
exceptional customer service.
Argentina, and we are expanding our biller base and distribution capability in Panama and Peru.
CAN ONE COMPANY MAKE A DIFFERENCE? YES!
A major highlight of 2009 was the launch of our successful yes! global brand campaign in many markets around the globe, sending a positive message about Western Union’s commitment to making a difference in our consumers’ lives.
More than a brand campaign, yes! encompasses who we are and what we stand for. The heart of yes! is about empowering our consumers
Custom House specializes in
cross-border business payments for small- and medium-sized businesses.
  7

to achieve their dreams. The campaign was launched in more than 50 languages and improved unaided brand awareness, as well as helping us gain efficiencies in our marketing spend. The campaign also drove uniformity of the Western Union brand image. In 2010, yes! will parallel our strategic growth priorities, going beyond money transfer to encompass the full portfolio of Western Union services.
GIVING BACK
Western Union is dedicated to enriching the lives of consumers around
The heart ofyes! is about empowering theworldthroughtheOurWorld,OurFamily® program,afive-year,
$50 million initiative. The Western Union Foundation helps fund programs that provide individuals, families and communities with access to better education and economic opportunity.
WHAT’S AHEAD?
It is clear 2010 will be another challenging year, and we are once again
taking action to achieve our short-term objectives while also moving forward with our strategic initiatives to drive future growth.
My heartfelt thanks and appreciation go out to our exceptional global
AGENT LOCATIONS
(in thousands)
                                                8

team of employees, whose passion and dedication to our business have enabled Western Union to succeed.
To support these priorities, we have made some changes to our organization, including the recent promotion of Hikmet Ersek to Chief Operating Officer. Hikmet is a proven leader in our company and he is focused on aligning our resources to help drive our business forward in 2010 and beyond.
With our globally recognized brand, unmatched network and financial
our consumers to achieve their dreams.
strength – along with the strategic investments we are making in our business – I am convinced that our company is well-positioned to benefit significantly when the global economy stabilizes and rebounds. We have an extraordinarily talented and committed global team of employees and – together – we are stepping up, thinking differently and providing for a successful future for Western Union.
CHRISTINA A. GOLD
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director The Western Union Company
                9
