  DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
For Western Union, 2014 was a year of continuing trans- formation. It was a year of evolving nearly every facet of our business—our technology, our services, our processes and our people.
And although transformation takes time, I’m proud to say that we are successfully adapting our business to focus on electronic methods for moving money, on providing services for small- and medium-sized enterprises with unmet needs, and on investing in a variety of initiatives to build our compliance programs.
“We continue to be a global leader in cross-border, cross-currency money transfers for consumers and businesses.”
Overall, we are pleased with our 2014 results. We returned to revenue growth in the consumer money transfer business, further expanded our online and account-based money transfer capabilities, and exceeded our expectations for profitability and earnings per share in 2014.
We continue to be a global leader in cross-border, cross- currency money transfers for consumers and businesses.
Evolving to Better Suit Customer Needs
All of the changes we’ve made and will make are in direct response to the needs of our customers. Not only are we trans- forming internally—we are transforming our relationships with our customers, forging a deep understanding of their needs.
We are soliciting feedback from our customers for just this purpose, conducting 12,000 interviews in 17 countries to under- stand how we can improve. Our key leaders are implementing changes that we hope will meet our customers’ needs.
Western Union has a long heritage, and we’ve always been a bit different than other companies. We serve different customers than traditional financial institutions. We invest in developing markets. We believe business operations can benefit society.
We’re proud to say that our transformation strategies are working. We’re executing on the core elements of our plan. And we are solidifying our position as a leader in providing innovative solutions, high service levels and multi-channel integration for cross-border, cross-currency money transfer.
Strengthening the Consumer Money Transfer Business
Last year we continued to expand the number of touchpoints across our business, with new retail agents and digital points of presence.
We signed a number of new agents, including the Bank of China and Angola Post, and launched service in the U.S. with Walgreens and Duane Reade.
We now have nearly 90 banks active with our account- based money transfer service, including Bank of Montreal in Canada. And, in November we announced that customers can send money in minutes directly from the U.S., U.K., France, Germany and Australia to select banks in India.
Our money transfer services are available to customers at more than 100,000 ATMs and self-service kiosks worldwide. We continue to offer access through mobile phones, and we now have 17 mobile-phone partners. And in the U.S., U.K. and Australia, customers can send money transfers via our mobile app.
In addition, we have westernunion.com online money transfer sites in 25 countries and payout capabilities in more than 200 countries and territories.
Revenue from the consumer-to-consumer segment increased 1 percent for the year, and C2C transactions were up 5 percent. Our electronic channels delivered strong growth, with revenue increasing 24% for the year.
   
Accelerating Growth in Business Solutions
In 2014, our Business Solutions division continued to increase our integrated product offerings. In addition, the number of businesses using our online applications to manage invoices continued to increase, which we believe will aid loyalty and retention over time.
We also saw strong growth in FX management products and strong options growth in Europe. In addition, our education service, which allows students and their parents to pay tuition in a variety of currencies to some of the world’s leading universities, saw double-digit growth.
The business experienced good improvement in the second half of 2014 after being negatively impacted in the middle of the year by a lack of foreign-exchange volatility, contributing to a 3 percent revenue increase in the segment for 2014.
Business Solutions offers cross-border payments in more than 30 countries, and represented 7 percent of our overall revenue in 2014.
“We also returned $753 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends in 2014.”
Generating Strong Cash Flow For Shareholders
One of the things we’re most proud of is our ability to con- sistently generate strong cash flow. In the face of continuing investment in compliance and other strategic investments, the company generated more than $1 billion of cash flow from operating activities.
We also returned $753 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends in 2014.
A Commitment to Giving Back
Western Union is a purpose-driven company. Through our Social Ventures work, we seek to drive both business and social value by leveraging all of our assets, including:
• ProductssuchasNGOGlobalPay,whichhelpsNGOsquickly deliver funds to the people and places that need them most—often following a natural disaster;
• Operations that protect and empower consumers;
• Cause-marketing efforts such as our “Education for Better” program, which has helped us connect with our customers in new ways; and
• PhilanthropyandvolunteerismviatheeffortsoftheWestern Union Foundation.
Since its inception, The Western Union Foundation has given more than $100 million to 2,739 nongovernmental organizations in more than 135 countries and territories.
This “Education for Better” commitment represents more than 250 grants in partnership with The Western Union Company, employees, Western Union Agents, other business partners and consumers—benefiting students, teachers and schools in 53 countries via more than 160 organizations.
An Eye on the Horizon
Thirty times a second, people come to Western Union with a need—to help a relative, to fund an education, to increase inventory, to pay a bill.
Western Union connects all of them with opportunities and access few other companies can match.
Our transformational strategy and plans for innovation—put in place a few years ago—are delivering good results, and we are pleased with the business performance we delivered in 2014.
But we haven’t reached our destination yet. We must stay the course and continue to transform our approach to our process- es, technology and workforce. Now is the time to execute.
Our business has great potential, and we have many strengths to build upon: a money transfer “engine” that connects the digital and physical worlds. An extensive network with hundreds of thousands of “touchpoints” at retail, ATMs and kiosks. Compliance and regulatory capabilities that allow us to operate in a complex, multi-jurisdictional environment.
We believe in the power of Western Union. We believe in our future. And, most importantly, we believe the best is yet to come.
HIKMET ERSEK
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
April 1, 2015
    