    To our Shareholders and the Worldwide Wrigley Team:
In 2007, the Wrigley Company achieved an ambitious aspiration...we surpassed $5 billion in annual sales, delivering $5.4 billion in sales for the fiscal year. While this achieve- ment was an important milestone for the company and our associates, the fact that we more than doubled our sales since 2000 is just one indicator of our progress. Over that same time period, we strategically expanded the scope of our global product portfolio and production capabilities, fostered a more dynamic, innovative culture and developed a talented, high-performance internal team that today numbers 16,400 associates worldwide. Since 2000, we also increased our net income from $329 million to $632 million and, excluding one-time items, consistently delivered
9–11 percent annual growth in earnings per share.1 With this overall global performance, we continued to create strong shareholder value.
Delivering this aspirational growth is a major accomplishment, and I am very proud of and inspired by the entire Wrigley team who made this happen. But even more inspiring is the team’s focus on “what’s next?” While we recognize and celebrate our accomplishments, this is an organization that is most excited by the possibilities of the future. Our future has never been brighter.
William Wrigley, Jr.
Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board
We are in a remarkable category. There is rising demand, heightened consumer interest in innovation, healthy margins and long-term growth potential. As a company, we contribute to this growth by driving innovation in flavors, formats, packaging and benefits. We use only high-quality ingredients and pay attention to detail in every step of the production process because we know quality matters and wins in
the marketplace. We have an industry-leading team full of passion and character that has delivered consistent revenue and earnings growth, robust cash flows and long-term
value creation.
These dynamics – a growing category and a company with the capabilities and the culture to capture that growth – are a powerful combination.
The Confectionery Category –
A World of Opportunity
First, some observations about the global confectionery category. Based on global reports,* confectionery sales are showing an 8 percent growth rate and have reached almost $137 billion at retail. Looking forward, confectionery sales have one of the highest projected growth rates of all food categories. And while all confectionery subcategories are projected to continue growing over the next five years, the fastest-growing of all remains gum. Every major region of the world is contributing to that growth, particularly the develop- ing geographies of Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America.
1See Financial Highlights, page 2.
*Data from Euromonitor International as of 2006, the last full year for which statistics
are available at time of printing.
Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company 2007 Annual Report 3

“While we are the world’s largest gum company, we are also the fourth- largest confectionery company in the world.”
In less-developed countries, which collectively account for three-quarters of the world’s population, income is on
the rise in many areas. This translates to significant growth potential in demand for confections in these marketplaces, including Asia (where Chinese consumers alone spent more than $6 billion on confectionery in 2006) and Eastern Europe (where local consumers spent $12 billion) – geographies where Wrigley already enjoys a substantial presence.
Growth also continues in more developed countries. In the U.S., consumers spent more than $28 billion on confections in 2006, nearly a 5 percent increase over the previous year and a sum that represents one-fifth of all global spending on confections. Even with such high levels of consumption, there remains untapped potential to drive demand through innovation, dynamic marketing and retail execution.
The Wrigley Company –
Poised for Continued Growth
So, how is the Wrigley Company performing in this category? Wrigley has the scale of a global player, combined with the knowledge, expertise and the core competencies to compete and win in the diverse geographies of the world. Of the seven top countries in terms of confectionery sales at retail in 2007 – the United States, Great Britain, Germany, Japan, Russia, France and China – Wrigley is a top confectionery player in six of those countries and the industry leader in gum in five.
In addition to being well-positioned geographically, Wrigley also is competitively advantaged with a diverse portfolio
of quality confectionery brands. As previously noted, gum – where the Wrigley name has a heritage spanning more than a century – is the fastest growing confectionery sector. Over the past five years, the gum category has grown an aver- age of 4 percent annually in volume and 8 percent in sales – and we have performed even better than that. With our growing stable of sugarfree gums and our expansive scien- tific expertise and consistent investment in research and development, we believe Wrigley is well prepared to take advantage of continued strong growth in benefit-enhanced and premium-priced gum products.
While we are the world’s largest gum company, we also are the fourth-largest confectionery company in the world. We are a leader in mints and hard candies and we are building new capabilities in chocolate and other confectionery. Our diverse portfolio gives us many tools with which to compete aggressively in every geography and leverage our presence wherever we compete.
So what does that mean in terms of category leadership and delivering stockholder value? The strength of a company is not just its core capabilities, its assets and its profit potential – it is in the team that makes things happen, the culture that enables growth and the character of that company that sets
   4 Delivering Aspirational Growth

NET SALES
billions of dollars
EARNINGS PER SHARE
OPERATING CASH FLOW
millions of dollars
725 740 722 645
448 390 374
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07
                 2.4
2.1
2.7
3.1
       00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07
it apart and creates competitive advantages. These are the drivers of long-term growth. In my mind, there are several key characteristics of the Wrigley Company that differentiate us and make us more competitive:
• We are adaptable. Every marketplace is unique, so
we combine our global strength with a strategic, customized approach to individual geographies, and then we translate those learnings into effective, competitive “go-to-market” tactics.
• We are intuitive about the needs of our consumers and our retail customers. We lead trends and deliver the inno- vation and category management that helps us win with our stakeholders.
• Our resilience helps us weather periodic challenges and overcome obstacles – whether it is improving the way we work internally, the way we address opportunity with- in a geography or our competitive action plans.
• Some might describe us as quiet or understated, but I believe a more accurate portrayal is focused and intentional.
• We don’t just survive, we thrive. We are agile enough to anticipate challenges and opportunities in our competitive field, and we are patient in the execution of business strategies that will deliver growth for future generations.
And while we continue to evolve as an organization and achieve new levels of performance, these inherent charac- teristics, as well as our commitment to the core Wrigley values that bind our team, will not change. Doing the right things, and doing things right, are part of our culture – they represent the soul of our company – and they help set Wrigley apart from the rest of the field.
We hold ourselves accountable to the highest standards, whether it is ensuring quality in our manufacturing, pro- viding our associates with industry-leading training and coaching programs, proactively looking for ways to operate as an environmentally friendly business or contributing to our communities.
In fact, as a thanks to our consumers and our communities for supporting our growth and $5 billion sales achievement, the Wrigley Foundation will be making a special $5 million charitable donation focused on the most important issues that face our world today – the development of our youth and the conservation of our planet. We are partnering with two outstanding organizations, International Youth Foundation and Conservation International, to leverage these financial resources and make a difference in our world.
Our Wrigley culture and values, combined with our long- standing record of delivering on our long-term financial
4.2 3.6
4.7
5.4
dollars
1.42 1.58 1.16 1.29
2.28
1.75 1.83 1.90
1,004
    Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company 2007 Annual Report 5

“The best is yet to come for this company. And while we will have new challenges in the coming years – we are ready to take them on...”
objectives, are what create the most value for you. In 2007 that was reflected by delivering more than 11 percent in earnings growth, increasing dividends, reinvesting in our business and our brands and, of course, enjoying the increased value of our stock.1
Wrigley associates made that possible and remain the most important competitive advantage of our company. I am extremely pleased with the strong partnership between Bill Perez and me and the continued outstanding guidance and support from our Executive Leadership Team.
So, in closing, I want to thank our team of dedicated, talented people around the world for their tireless work on behalf of our organization, our Board of Directors for their strong
and thorough governance of the company and you, our shareholders, for your continued support.
The best is yet to come for this company. And while we will have new challenges in the coming years – we are ready to take them on and we are confident in our ability to rise to new heights as a confectionery leader.
Respectfully,
William Wrigley, Jr.
Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board
    1See Financial Highlights, page 2.
6 Delivering Aspirational Growth

 William D. Perez
President and
Chief Executive Officer
To our Shareholders and the Worldwide Wrigley Team:
I’m very proud of what the people of Wrigley accomplished in 2007. They not only broke through the $5 billion sales level, but also extended the Wrigley tradition of building the business for the long term while achieving excellent annual results. It was my first full year at Wrigley and I was inspired by the determination our people showed.
Financial Performance
That determination helped drive every dimension of our business. Our 2007 results reflect a company with great momentum.
• Top-line growth continued to be exceptionally strong at
15 percent; even excluding the positive benefit of currency, worldwide sales grew at a double-digit pace.
• Much of the currency tailwind was reinvested into brand building. Total brand support increased over 20 percent – the equivalent of 80 basis points as a percent of sales.
• A year ago, we told you that we had reached an inflection point in terms of declining gross margins; this has been realized in 2007, with gross margins improving slightly versus 2006.
• We began to see the fruits of our operating expense control efforts during the second half of the year, and in
the fourth quarter, operating expenses as a percent of sales were a full 60 basis points lower than the same period a year ago.
• All of this translated into an 11 percent increase in earnings per share – excluding one-time items, this marks the eighth consecutive year of delivering against our stated financial objective of 9–11 percent earnings per share growth over the long term.1
• Cash generated from operations increased almost 40 percent, reflecting our strong earnings growth, coupled with working capital improvements. This enabled us to return over $500 million to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases, while funding an acquisition and keeping our debt essentially flat at modest levels.
Managing our Business
As Bill Wrigley articulates in his letter, we have unique charac- teristics that truly differentiate us from other companies, and we see immense opportunity to achieve the goals that we set for ourselves and deliver the long-term results that our Wrigley shareholders have come to expect.
We have a clear strategic vision for our company as a diver- sified leader in the confectionery industry, and operate with
a desire to take big, tangible steps forward each day. While we will never compromise the long-term potential of our company, you can rest assured that we feel a sense of urgency to capitalize on the opportunities immediately before us.
1See Financial Highlights, page 2.
Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company 2007 Annual Report 7
   
 Mary Kay Haben
Group Vice President and Managing Director, North America
Igor Saveliev
Group Vice President and Managing Director, East and South Europe
Michael Wong
Group Vice President and Managing Director, Asia/Pacific
   That means we must continue to make major improvements in the fundamentals. In particular, we placed a strong priority on managing our supply chain dynamics as effectively as possible, and we made major strides in 2007, restruc- turing not only for better efficiency, but also to improve our ability to service retailers. As our global business continues to expand, we will increasingly capitalize on our scale advantages to manage our costs and support our profit- able business.
But we know we cannot save our way to the kind of long-term returns we are determined to generate – the key to driving top-line growth is building great brands with strong consumer demand in the marketplace. To do that, we must continue to build our existing major brands while tapping into new opportunities with innovation.
To make sure we are making the most of our brand invest- ments, we have begun to substantially enhance our marketing effectiveness. In addition to a $150 million increase in investment, we also increased the sophistication of our marketing mix – leveraging these resources more effectively through the new media and emerging marketing vehicles that are most relevant to today’s consumers. To support this consumer connection and increase our efficiency in allocating resources, we realigned our internal marketing organization to move decisions closer to the local market- place. We also capitalized on our scale by consolidating our agency relationships.
Innovation
8 Delivering Aspirational Growth
A few years ago, we made a strong commitment to innovation with our investment in our Global Innovation Center. In 2007, that investment continued to deliver returns with several significant advancements.
• The launch of our new “5” brand in the U.S. showed that we can execute with both excellence and speed. The brand is off to a great start, exceeding our original share and sales forecasts. Only six months after its national introduction, 5’s dollar velocity has made its Rain and Cobalt flavors the #1 and #3 ranked gum SKU in Food, Drug, Mass Merchan- diser and Convenience store channels. Dramatic consumer response to the brand has built a more than 5.7 percent dollar share, as reported by AC Nielsen.
• In addition to new brands, Wrigley’s innovation in packaging is increasing consumption of our brands. In Germany, the launch of a premium bottle package has helped fuel sales. In Poland, a new peg bag pouch has provided added value to consumers and is driving sales increases in this very strong, and maturing, Wrigley geography.
• Premier endorsements from trusted sources are building brand equity and making our brands even more attractive with consumers. Wrigley’s Extra, Eclipse and Orbit brands in the U.S. became the first chewing gum brands ever to earn the Seal of Acceptance from the American Dental Association. The seal, appearing on pack and in advertising, is highly influential in driving purchase intent among consumers.

 Surinder Kumar
Senior Vice President and Chief Innovation Officer
Dushan Petrovich
Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer
Martin Schlatter
Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
• The Wrigley Science Institute has funded significant independent research to explore new benefits of chewing gum – including weight management, increased alertness and concentration and stress reduction. With this research, we are giving consumers new reasons to chew Wrigley gum and building category consumption. In fact, on-air trainers on NBC’s “The Biggest Loser” are recommending Wrigley’s Extra as a great calorie management tool to par- ticipating contestants and the more than 8 million program viewers that tune in each week.
Overall, we continue to accelerate the pursuit of new, proprietary avenues of innovation in terms of ingredients, packaging, technologies and benefits.
Geographic Portfolio
We operate as a truly global company, doing business in more than 180 nations around the world. As a reflection of the substantial scale of our global operations, we added the heads of our geographic regions to our Executive Leadership Team, to better capitalize on the unique insights and oppor- tunities offered by Wrigley’s broad geographic base, as well as to further strengthen the connection between our overall strategy and its execution in the local marketplace.
As you know, our strategy calls for us to excel in the geogra- phies that will be essential to our long-term performance – China, Russia, India and the United States – which account for 44 percent of the world’s population and an increasing
percentage of its economic activity. Collectively, they offer a healthy balance of immediate growth opportunities and uniquely promising long-term development. We made major gains in China, Russia and India this year, and we are taking decisive steps we believe will put our U.S. operations on a trajectory that meets our expectations.
• China – This important marketplace is the fourth-largest economy in the world and Wrigley is China’s largest confectionery company. With our early commitment to this geography, we have built greater retail distribution than any other consumer product company – as reported by ACNielsen. The leading gum brand in China, Wrigley’s Doublemint, continues to resonate with consumers and expand consumption with new flavors and packaging innovations. Our revenue in China continued to grow dramati- cally and by expanding our production plant in Shanghai we further strengthened the economics of our business there.
• Russia – Our sales grew in double digits in Russia. Early in 2007, we fortified this existing business and extended into chocolate for the first time, with the acquisition of
A. Korkunov, one of Russia’s premier chocolate makers. The acquisition exceeded our performance expectations and delivered significant incremental growth. Wrigley Russia’s full range of confectionery offerings – including gum, hard candy, gummies, mints and chocolate – has established a strong foundation for future business expansion in this diverse and promising geography.
   Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company 2007 Annual Report 9

    • India – Net sales grew well in India, where our business is still very much in the early phases of development. Our Boomer brand is the largest bubble gum in the country and Orbit is leading the development of a dental care gum segment in India. We also took important steps in strength- ening our foundation there, improving our production economics by expanding our facility in Baddi.
• United States – While we are pleased with the enthusi- astic reception for “5” and the successful execution of a price increase, we are dissatisfied with our performance in the U.S. However, we understand the key factors driving the U.S. and we are executing a clear plan that we believe will reassert our business competitively.
In other important geographies, we drove strong results:
• In the United Kingdom, as we anticipated, one of our major confectionery competitors made a substantial effort to enter the gum segment. The UK Wrigley team increased revenues through innovation and brand building in the marketplace and blunted competitive share progress.
• In Germany and Poland net sales grew in double digits, an impressive acceleration in two important European geographies. Increased distribution, consumption-driving packaging innovation and solid performance from our existing brands delivered the gains.
Howard Malovany
Senior Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
Reuben Gamoran
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Peter Hempstead
Senior Vice President, Worldwide Strategy and New Business
• In Australia the retail chewing gum category has been ignited – more than doubling in growth versus the prior year – through Wrigley’s innovation and excellence in retail execution. Wrigley has also taken the lead in the mint category. Eclipse brand mints grew at a phenomenal double- digit rate in 2007.
Overall, the breadth and diversity of our geographic portfolio provides us with enviable scale and generates strong cash flow today, which in turn allows us to make investments in marketplaces with substantial long-term growth potential.
What Can You Expect in 2008?
• First of all, you can expect intensified focus on our share. While we have been pleased with our rate of sales growth, we feel we can accelerate our growth relative to the market- place in the future.
• We will continue to emphasize retail execution, particularly at the check out. Our sales organizations will be tailored to each geography and we will invest in areas including cate- gory management, consumer insights and effective retail coverage.
• Our newly realigned marketing organization will bring us closer to the consumer and our consumer insights, when leveraged with R&D capabilities will lead to more mean- ingful innovation.
10 Delivering Aspirational Growth

   • We will manage our P&L carefully; emphasis will continue to shift from volume to value. We will proactively manage gross margins through procurement efforts, cost reduction and judicious price increases, and we will tightly control non-sales-related operating expenses. We will make sure incremental funds find their way to the bottom line or additional brand building funding, consistent with our long- term strategy.
• We will take advantage of our unique strengths in Russia and China to continue to drive growth in these geographies that are so important to our future.
• We will continue to make improvements in our supply chain focusing on our global manufacturing operating efficiencies and superior customer service.
Most importantly, our year’s success will not constrain our belief in the opportunity and necessity for continuous improvement.
Wrigley and Winning
One of the reasons I joined Wrigley was because I saw that a commitment to winning was deeply ingrained in the culture.
That intense commitment was clear in my earliest conversa- tions with Bill Wrigley and it has become even clearer to me as I have engaged with our local teams around the world.
Over the past seven years, our team has focused on delivering an ambitious aspiration. In December, we surpassed that milestone because we demonstrated a very real commitment to stepping up our game each and every year, a commitment that we intend to continue to fulfill going forward as we set our sights on even more ambitious levels of achievement.
As we lean into 2008, I thank my Wrigley colleagues for their spirited commitment, and I thank our shareholders for their ongoing trust. We have a truly unique opportunity before us, and we are determined to turn that opportunity into reality.
Respectfully,
William D. Perez
President and Chief Executive Officer
 Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company 2007 Annual Report 11
