A MESSAGE FROM BILL WRIGLEY, JR.
To our Shareholders and the Worldwide Wrigley Team:
2006 was quite a year. We made significant changes to our operations and organizational structure, strengthened our global presence and delivered our financial plan, achieving sales of $4.7 billon. This is the seventh year in a row that we have delivered earnings per share growth in the 9-11% range1, while at the same time diversifying our business and investing for the future.
Why do we continue to modify and improve our historically successful business model? As I have said before, smart organizations anticipate the need for change ... and change ... before it becomes necessary.
One Team, One Focus ... Winning as a Global Confectionery Company
When I wrote my first letter to you as CEO in our 1999 Annual Report, I shared my vision for Wrigley and talked about a new era of “accelerated evolution and aggressive expansion” for our Company. Since then, we have worked as one team, fundamentally transforming our Company and our culture. If you ask our associates, they will tell you. While we remain true to our core values, we are more aggressive, we encourage measured risk, and we are more disciplined with the investment of our resources. We are focused on our consumers and delivering innovation to the marketplace, and we are collaborating and communicating better than ever.
As a result, since 2001, we have nearly doubled sales, grown share in key geographies, and increased earnings by a compounded annual rate of 10%1.We are delivering results that put us in the top tier of our industry. Among the leading consumer packaged goods companies, we rank in the top three for delivering operating income gains and operating margins, and we are one of only two companies that has consistently delivered double-digit sales growth and maintained gross margins of better than 50%.
“ Smart organizations anticipate the need for change ... and change... before it becomes necessary.”
What drives our consistent performance? It is the vitality of our core gum business, relentless innovation, as well as the power of our expansive global footprint. This rock-solid foundation provides Wrigley with the resources and marketplace strength to
3
  
   4
grow our core business, diversify our product line and build our portfolio of global brands organically and through acquisition. Today, we are not only the world’s largest gum company, we are the fourth largest confectionery company in the world – moving up two spots on this list in the last year alone. By expanding into confections in a substantial way, we enhance our ability to grow our business, strengthen our competitive position, and increase opportunities to build shareholder value.
Acceleration Through Acquisition
This past year marked the first full year of our ownership of the Altoids, Life Savers, Creme Savers and Sugus brands. We knew that the job before us was to rejuvenate great brands that had suffered from limited innovation and marketing support before we took them over, and we knew it would require focus and investment to reverse their course.
We successfully and quickly integrated them into our operations and field sales organization in 2005. In 2006, we streamlined their production, built back points of distribution, launched new innovations and invested significantly in brand support to drive consumer awareness and purchase.While some of these initiatives have taken longer to produce results than we would have liked, these brands are building momentum. In the U.S., Life Savers has been very responsive to new innovation and brand support and the Altoids mints business is trending in the right direction. In Asia, Sugus is delivering against its first
year plan in China and the brand has been launched successfully in Vietnam. Our plans for 2007 include additional new brand support and great innovation, which will continue to drive these brands and increase their contribution to the business.
Recently, we moved forward with an additional opportunity to diversify our business. In February 2007, we acquired an 80 percent interest in A. Korkunov, a privately held premium chocolate company in Russia, with the remaining 20 percent to be acquired over time. A. Korkunov – the company’s namesake product – is the top-selling brand in Russia’s highly competitive premium-boxed chocolate segment, and the company overall is the No. 2 player in that category.
“ We recognized early in 2006 that we had work to do in several key areas.”
We have always said we would enter the chocolate category if the right opportunity to create value for the Company and our shareholders came along – and this acquisition presents such an opportunity. It gives us increased competitive advantage in a strategic and strong Wrigley geography. It also provides us with a low-risk entry into chocolate and the chance to learn and innovate in the category – with the potential to apply these learnings to other geographies and benefit from the attractive growth and margin opportunities the premium chocolate segment has to offer.

            Making Changes for the Better
In addition to generating growth during the year, we recognized early in 2006 that we had work to do in several key areas. In supply chain, we needed to improve our customer service and address certain supply chain issues, particularly in the U.S. Our marketing approach needed to evolve to keep pace with the lives of our consumers. And, we needed to sharpen our focus on those business and geographic priorities that drive business results.
Also important was breaking down barriers to fast and effective decision making and commercialization of great ideas. As with many companies experiencing rapid growth, bureaucracy was creeping into our operations and interfering with the speed of our decision-making. We saw it. We stopped it, and we are now as nimble as we’ve ever been.
A fundamental component of our 2006 plan was sharpening our focus and aligning the entire Wrigley team on those areas of our business that will accelerate our ability to grow in 2007 and beyond.
Prioritizing our Key Geographies
While Wrigley does business in more than 180 countries, and we are growing sales in all regions, we are focusing on winning in those geographies where there is the largest population and greatest opportunity.
In the U.S., our largest marketplace, we have maintained a high level of share and are twice the size of our nearest competitor. While several competitive products were launched in 2006, the Wrigley business showed resilience and strength – in fact many of our brands continued to grow in a year of increased competition. While there is always a period of trial when a new product enters the marketplace, the true test is staying power. As the marketplace leader, we are committed to the long-term and will continue to benefit from overall category growth.
“In China, Russia and India, three priority geog- raphies for Wrigley, we are driving exceptional double-digit category growth rates.”
In China, Russia and India, three priority geographies for Wrigley, we are driving exceptional double-digit category growth rates. In China, we are the clear leader in the gum category and, despite increased competition, we have grown to become the #1 confectionery player in this country. In Russia, our gum share is three times as large as the next competitor – and innovation is driving consumption and growth in confections. In India, while operating off of a smaller base, we are increasing share with Boomer bubble gum and the fastest growing brand in the gum category, Orbit.
5
NET EARNINGS
NET SALES
billions of dollars 4.7 4.2
millions of dollars
5841 5451
‘01 ‘02 ‘03 ‘04 ‘05 ‘06
3.6 2.7
  493 402
446 363
3.1 2.4
‘01 ‘02 ‘03 ‘04 ‘05 ‘06
  
 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
  Net Earnings
Diluted EPS
Sales
Dividends Paid
Additions to Property, Plant and Equipment
Stockholders' Equity Return on Average Equity Stockholders of Record Dilutive Shares Outstanding
2006
$ 529,377 $ 1.90 $ 4,686,011 $ 276,021
$ 327,758 $ 2,388,092
23.0%
40,986 278,399
2005
$ 517,252 $ 1.83 $ 4,159,306 $ 241,669
$ 281,769 $ 2,214,422
23.5% 41,105 282,284
While these high population countries are growth engines for the business, we continue to drive our business in all geographies and focus resources on countries that are partic- ularly competitive, including Mexico and the U.K. We know that our historically high share will be challenged in the U.K. in 2007, but we are prepared and believe that with the right investment, the U.K. will continue to be one of our strongest marketplaces and we will continue to grow our business there.
Improving our Supply Chain and Customer Service
In 2006, we made significant operational and leadership changes in our supply chain organization. By better leveraging the strong talent of our Global Supply Chain Team and focusing our people and resources on the right things, we took a huge step forward in improving service to both our retail customers and our consumers. Changes in this important arena directly impact our overall speed, flexibility, efficiency and margins, and will support our continued growth and diversification in the future.
Strengthening our Brand Equity
By creating the new position of Chief Marketing Officer and reinvigorating our approach to marketing, we are adding new energy and strength to our brand-building efforts.We are making dynamic changes to how we connect with consumers, measure our results and build our global brands. We are leveraging new media channels and technology, while delivering more relevant creative content – recognizing the dramatically changing
In thousands of dollars and shares, except per share amounts and stockholders of record. For additional historical financial data see page 32.
(1)This discussion of net earnings is a "non-GAAP" financial measure.The Company believes this measure provides its shareholders with additional information about its underlying results and trends, as well as insight into management's view of operating results. Refer to the MD&A (page21) for further discussion of operating results in accordance with U.S. GAAP.The following table reconciles the "non-GAAP" net earnings to net earnings in accordance with U.S. GAAP:
 2006 2005
  Net earnings, excluding restructuring and stock option expense
Restructuring expense, net of tax (A)
Stock option expense, net of tax (B)
Earnings per share, as reported under U.S. GAAP
000's
$ 584,213 31,011 23,825
Per Share 000's
$ 2.10 $ 544,805
0.11 27,553 0.09 -
Per Share
$ 1.93 0.10 -
$1.83
 $ 1.90 $ 517,252 (A) Management has excluded restructuring expense as it is viewed as
nonrecurring costs incurred to improve production operations.
(B) Management has excluded stock option expense as it is due to a new accounting requirement in 2006 and not comparable to other periods.
$ 529,377

    lifestyles of our consumers. With this new approach, we are translating consumer insights into world-class marketing that is original, compelling and drives business growth.
Driving Innovation and High Performance
Innovation continues to be our lifeblood, and our ongoing investment in innovation paid dividends in 2006 with new commercialized products, flavors and packages, including items like Doublemint Twins mints, Eclipse Fusion, Dark Chocolate Dipped Altoids and our unique bottle packaging in China, France and the U.S.
We know that to win, we need powerful ideas with the capacity to captivate our consumers.We also must concentrate on those top-tier initiatives that have the greatest potential for growth, return on investment, and strategic impact on the business.
Expanding our Leadership Team
Finally, and perhaps most importantly, we continued to strengthen our Wrigley team through both development and promotion of Wrigley associates and the addition of top leadership talent, including Bill Perez as President and CEO of the Wrigley Company.
Bill Perez brings to our already strong leadership team solid CEO experience at two companies with outstanding brand portfolios – Nike and SC Johnson. He is perfectly suited for this new position and is a great fit with our Company and our culture. Bill is leading all operations, advancing our growth strategy, and driving results for our business.
In my full-time role as Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board, I will work closely with Bill to advance our long-term strategy, drive innovation, develop our talented Wrigley team and strengthen our high-performance culture. In fact, my new role is giving me an even greater opportunity to focus on key growth strategies that will set the course for our future.
I firmly believe that creating distinct and complementary roles for Bill Perez and me will drive our dynamic, global Company. We’ve already seen the benefits of dividing our leadership responsibilities over the past few months, and together, we are dedicated to building a stronger Company that is an even more powerful force in the global confections industry.
In summary, 2006 was a year of great progress. We delivered on our business strategy, and we produced healthy top-line growth and earnings per share in line with our long-term goals. We improved our processes, advanced innovation, built momentum in our acquired brands and successfully executed our growth plans. However, while we have no control over the stock market, I must admit that I was disappointed with the performance of Wrigley stock during the year. It did not, in my opinion, reflect our performance for the year, nor the fundamental strength, resilience and profitability of the Company.That said, we will not waver from our belief that investing in the business and making the right decisions for the long-term health and prosperity of the Company are the best ways to deliver shareholder value.We are confident that as our strategies continue to deliver results, our performance will be reflected positively in our share value.
7
  
  8
A Winning Team
Throughout the year, what I found most rewarding was the commitment and leadership of our people. In a year of great change and growth, the team has demonstrated resilience and remarkable energy.We are working together as one team with one focus – winning as a global confectionery company. Every Wrigley associate has contributed to our success and helped bring us closer to our aspirations. I admire and appreciate their extraordinary dedication.
“ In a year of great change, the team has demonstrated resilience and remarkable energy.”
I also would like to extend a special thanks to the teams at our Chicago Factory and L.A. Dreyfus operations in New Jersey – two facilities we closed in 2006. In the year and a half since we announced our intention to discontinue operations at these two facilities, these teams have demonstrated pride, integrity and commitment to a job well done during a time of personal challenge. It is with their help that we successfully transitioned production as of December. I am pleased that many of them have relocated to other U.S. facilities, where we know they will continue to contribute to our business. To all of the Chicago Factor y and L. A. Dreyfus associates and their families, I extend my sincere thanks and very best wishes.
Looking ahead, we have a powerful 2007 plan in place, with great new products, creative marketing, continued investment and an aggressive strategy to win in a competitive marketplace. We are already off to a fast start with the A. Korkunov acquisition and several new product introductions in the first quarter. I have tremendous confidence in our leadership team, and I anticipate another year of growth and momentum.
In closing, I want to thank our Board of Directors for their strong and thorough governance of the Company. I also want to express my appreciation to you, our shareholders, who value our honesty, integrity and long-term perspective on growth and investment ... and demonstrate your faith in our future by investing with us.
Withyoursupport,wewillcontinuetoleadthecategoryandreapthebenefitsofourhigh- level innovation, renewed focus, and continued investment in our brands and our people.
Sincerely,
William Wrigley, Jr.
Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board
 
  A MESSAGE FROM BILL PEREZ
To our Shareholders and the Worldwide Wrigley Team:
The business results for 2006 are a testament to the outstanding leadership of Bill Wrigley, Jr. and the Executive Leadership Team, as well as the passion demonstrated every day by associates throughout the Company. This is truly a great team and I am honored to now be part of it.
The first thing I wanted to do when I began in October was to meet as many people as possible and to listen and to learn. Over the last months, I have had the chance to visit with thousands of Wrigley associates on four continents, and I am impressed with the caliber of the people and their talent. This is a diverse, global team with a competitive spirit.
“ This is truly a great team and I am honored to now be part of it.”
And this winning attitude is important.The confectionery industry is highly competitive and dynamic. I have been very pleased to see how our organization has been able to anticipate the need for innovation and change while keeping focused on bringing in the numbers. During 2006, the Company integrated an acquisition in multiple countries, addressed significant competitive pressures, realigned our supply chain organization, introduced a new leadership model and never lost sight of sales and earnings targets.
My job is to make sure that we continue to build on this momentum, focus our energy and resources on big wins, deliver the numbers and continue to grow and develop our Wrigley team. Going into 2007, we have some great opportunities:
• Wrigley has a remarkably strong portfolio of brands that stand for quality and are loved by consumers around the world.
• We are expanding our horizons with entry into new confectionery categories that hold great potential for us.
• Our investment in innovation and global marketing platforms has accelerated the pace of new product development and we have an exciting pipeline of new products for 2007 and beyond.
9
  
  10
• We have strong local teams building Wrigley brands and consumption of our products around the globe, and in particular, in the world’s largest and fastest- growing geographies including China, India and Russia.
• We have extraordinary depth of retail product distribution around the world and solid relationships with global retailers across all channels of trade.
“ My job is to make sure that we continue to build on this momentum, focus our energy and resources on big wins, deliver the numbers and continue to grow and develop our Wrigley team. ”
In sum, we are well positioned in our key geographies and categories for future growth. That said, we also have some challenges:
• We are off to a great start in the confections segment and have achieved category leadership in a number of marketplaces in a relatively short period of time.However, this is still a young business for us and we must continue to nurture our confec- tionery businesses around the world.
• The growth and profitability of the gum category has not gone unnoticed by our competitors. We cannot allow our leadership in gum to mitigate our sense of urgency when it comes to driving our business.
• We must be at the leading edge in our marketing communication – not only delivering fresh and memorable creative content, but also maximizing the productivity of our substantial investment in brand support.
• We can also do a better job of leveraging our global presence and focusing efforts even more on big ideas that can be rolled out to our consumers globally or regionally – rather than country by country.
• Finally,weneedtocontinuetomakesmartchoicesaboutresourceallocation.Wrigley has built impressive infrastructure in innovation, sales, marketing and supply chain, and we must capitalize on these assets and control expenses to drive bottom-line results.
Wrigley has a powerful legacy as well as a vision, roadmap and strategy for growth as a total confectionery company. It is my pleasure to be working in partnership with Bill Wrigley, Jr., the Executive Leadership Team and Wrigley people around the world to advance this vision and deliver value to our consumers, our retail customers and our stockholders.
Respectfully,
William D. Perez
President and Chief Executive Officer
 