                                        to our stockholders
and the Worldwide Wrigley Team:
In 2005, the Wrigley Company delivered record performance while making strategic moves that will help put us in a position to deliver sustainable growth for decades to come. We assess the long-term impact of everything we do, whether it’s how we prioritize opportunities and investments, build enduring brands or evaluate results. At the same time, we execute with excellence and with a sense of urgency everyday to win in the marketplace and expand our presence in the broader confections arena.
This past year, we advanced several key initiatives that are enhancing our agility and flexibility while strengthen- ing our ability to deliver growth to future generations of stockholders. These initiatives included a successful acquisition, significant progress on restructuring our global supply chain organization and the opening of our new Wrigley Global Innovation Center.
We achieved these milestones in a year in which we delivered double-digit gains in volume and revenue growth, moving us above the $4 billion threshold in annual sales for the first time in the history of our Company. We also delivered a 10 percent increase in earnings per share, excluding restructuring charges associated with our supply chain realignment.
Building for the future while delivering excellence in the marketplace creates value for our consumers, our retail customers and our stockholders – and we remain committed to this strategy.
Building Brands with Staying Power
Growing our core gum business is our number one pri- ority, and Wrigley gum brands enjoyed strong growth in shipments and retail sales and increased point-of-sale presence around the world this year. We are equally encouraged by the consumer and retailer responses to our diversification into new confectionery segments including mints, sugarfree drops, lollipops and revitaliz- ing menthol candies.
Boomer, Pim Pom and Solano brands, purchased in April 2004, continued to add value and diversity to our confectionery portfolio this year. We are pleased with their contribution to date, and while these brands represent a relatively small portion of our overall business, they have contributed to the growth and diversity of our product lines in impor- tant geographies including India, China and Spain.
3

                                         The combined success of our existing gum and non-gum confections generated approximately half of our 16 per- cent volume gain this year. The other half of the increase came from our strategic acquisition of Altoids, Life Savers, Creme Savers, and Sugus brands, which closed at mid-year.
The addition of these brands has accelerated our growth, diversification and presence in confections and changed the face of our brand portfolio. Financing the acquisition with long-term debt also changed the face of our balance sheet. We were very pleased to secure long-term interest rates at near historic lows and demand for our bond offering demonstrated mar- ketplace confidence in our fiscal discipline and ability to return value on our investment.
• Business processes and systems supporting order taking, shipping and billing were fully inte- grated in an amazing fifty-one days following the close without any disruption to our retail and distribution partners.
• Within 90 days we began to sell Sugus candies in new geographies including Vietnam and Malaysia.
• In the six short months we’ve owned Altoids mints, the benefit of Wrigley’s sales and front-end expertise turned a slight retail sales decline in 2004 to a positive trend in 2005.
• Product innovation efforts began immediately, and before year’s end, we launched several exciting new candies including Creme Savers Tropicals,
“Innovation is the lifeblood of our Company – it impacts everything we do and helps us work faster and smarter.”
Integration of people, brands, facilities and processes is always a major undertaking. Our success to date, how- ever, reflects our growing experience and capabilities in acquisitions, our robust technical and business systems and the commitment and passion of our Wrigley team. I am proud to share with you some of the progress we have made thus far:
• Our first integrated national sales team meeting was held 30 days after closing the deal and helped facilitate a smooth transition at the retail level.
Life Savers Gummy Sours and Altoids Mango Sours. Early results for these items are on track, and we’re enthusiastic about their potential as part of our confectionery portfolio.
chewing gum
      1893
1975
 4
 
                    All brands represented are trademarks owned by the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company
2005
 chewing & bubble gum
       1991
                                         In its first 82 years, Wrigley made its mark with only four brands of chewing gum. Since then, the Wrigley portfolio of major brands and new confections has grown at an accelerating pace through both innovation and acquisition.
Wrigley confectionery portfolio
           5

                                        Wrigley's focus on delivering generational growth has accelerated earnings growth and stockholder returns since 1923, when the Company was first listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
 1923 1954 1985 2005
At Wrigley, our investments in brand support, innovation capabilities, sales and distribution infrastructure, and best-in-class merchandising have
   3.7%
4.4%
Earnings
Average annual increase for each multi-year period*
13.2% enabled us to build world-class brands for well over 100 years. We are confident that this long-standing strategy will help us maximize the potential of our
newly acquired brands.
Realigning to Support our Future
Our plans for continued expansion in confections necessi- tate the periodic review of our total business, including our processes, systems and structure.
To this end, we realigned our marketing and innovation teams around product benefit platforms in a way that enhances cross-functional and cross-regional collabora- tion. This has resulted in more rapid knowledge transfer of consumer needs, marketplace trends, and new opportunities for our business.
Additionally, in 2005, we completed a comprehensive assessment of our global supply chain network. This assessment resulted in a plan to increase the flexibility, efficiency and optimization of all of our manufacturing resources, and to enhance the integration of newly acquired production facilities. This plan also required us to make some very difficult decisions about the future of several Wrigley manufacturing facilities, in particular, the decision to close our Chicago chewing gum factory and the L.A. Dreyfus gum base operation in Edison, New Jersey.
1923 1954
1985 2005
 20.1%
  8.8%
10.1%
Total Stockholder Return
Average annual increase for each multi-year period*
*Periods represented: 1923-1954, 1954-1985 and 1985-2005 6

                                        Given the heritage of these plants and the remarkable contributions made by generations of our associates, I would like to take this opportunity to publicly thank our peo- ple at both locations for the gracious manner in which they have responded to our decisions. In the face of significant personal and professional change, these associates contin- ue to demonstrate a depth of character and resilience that makes me proud to be affiliated with them. Their actions and attitudes since the announcement will serve as a model of our values for generations to come.
our local business grows. Our ability to manufacture within the region will significantly advance our opportu- nities in Latin America, a geography where Wrigley has been underrepresented. Although competition has enjoyed a significant foothold in this marketplace, we have made solid progress this past year and now rep- resent just over 9 percent of retail gum sales in Mexico – an increase of 30 percent over the prior year.
All of these changes ultimately enable us to deliver products with more meaningful benefits and greater
“We are moving at an accelerated pace and, yet, our associates continue to amaze as they achieve new levels of success and personal development.”
While change such as this is always difficult, the Wrigley Company has worked diligently to manage this transition with the trust, dignity and respect that has been a hallmark of our organization. It’s important to note that this realignment is a reality of our growth and diversification within the confections category. While restructuring charges will have a short-term negative impact on earnings, this new structure will support our expanded scope and enable us to deliver value to the business and our stockholders in the years to come.
Another initiative that supports our long-term goals is the completion of our new factory in Silao, Mexico, which will supply the Latin American marketplace as
value to the consumer, improve retail trade relation- ships, and make us a more efficient, agile organization.
Building a Home for Creativity
and Inspiration
Innovation is the lifeblood of our Company – it impacts everything we do and helps us work faster and smarter. Our new Global Innovation Center (GIC) is a physical manifestation of our commitment to innovation and one of the outcomes of several years of accelerated investment.
The GIC is more than just new laboratories for research and development. It is a state-of-the-art
7

                                        8
facility that will help shape the future of our business. To our associates, it is a special place where our peo- ple can find inspiration, collaborate in a high- technology environment, exchange new ideas, and share knowledge.
Our investment in innovation has led to a dramatic increase in the percentage of our sales that come from new products over the last several years. But, in our view, the best measure of successful new prod- uct development is not the quantity but the quality. At Wrigley, building brands isn’t about rushing into the marketplace with as many concepts as possible. It’s about introducing quality products that delight con- sumers and can thrive for generations. We aren’t looking for the newest fad, but for products that will deliver superior quality and value to consumers and will become part of the fabric of everyday life around the world.
Competition is also healthy for Wrigley. As a leader, it sharpens our edge and fuels our drive to win...and we are winning. Looking at the big picture, this past year, we grew retail sales versus our primary com- petitor in three quarters of the 40 countries where we both compete. In the United States, our biggest single marketplace, we continue to increase our pres- ence and reach in retail gum sales with a business that is more than two and a half times the size of our nearest competitor.
Despite our strong worldwide presence, we are far from complacent. We track competitive movements with vigilance, and we are fast to adapt to consumer, retail and competitive trends with strategic responses to opportunities and challenges.
The key for us when executing in the marketplace is
“Healthy competition, new product news and increased brand support have helped drive growth in the overall gum category – the fastest-growing segment of confections.”
Competing Worldwide
The environment in which we do business has always been competitive. Healthy competition, new product news and increased brand support drive growth in the overall gum category – the fastest growing segment of confections.
to focus on healthy growth, building the equity of our brands and developing a lasting presence in every geography where we compete. We do not look for trendy gimmicks or quick fixes. Short-term strategies are not in the long-term interests of our company, our brands or our stockholders.
Our agility and far-reaching view of the business land-

                                        Through its successful acquisition in 2005, Wrigley added key brands that are rich in both heritage and consumer appeal.
scape applies not only to competitors, but to managing costs. Fluctuations in costs are a fact of life in busi- ness, and while no company is insulated from them, it is our responsibility to manage them as effectively as possible. We take pride in our successful track record of effectively managing economic swings that impact the price of ingredients, equipment, and resources without sacrificing quality or value.
We maximize the use of our resources through our enterprise-wide SAP platform. We employ cost-effec- tive purchasing programs for ingredients and packag- ing. We institute programs like “Lean Manufacturing” that empower our associates to improve processes and procedures in our Supply Chain organization. Programs like these help us deliver quality products at a low cost while delivering healthy margins and creat- ing competitive advantages.
Achieving healthy top-line growth while managing costs helps us win in the marketplace today, while building an enduring, profitable business for tomorrow.
Winning as a Team
We believe in setting ambitious goals... embracing change... taking measured risk... and challenging our- selves to remain driven and energized. That’s the Wrigley Way and our worldwide associates bring it to life every day. Our Executive Leadership Team focus- es on removing obstacles and providing the necessary tools to achieve our business goals, while helping each individual reach his or her true potential.
  ALTOIDS
More than 200 years ago, a London confectionery firm perfected a recipe for exceptionally strong peppermint oil lozenges. They were called Altoids, and for well over a century were promoted as a stomach calmative. Today, Altoids mints' irreverent, quirky personality has made Altoids Peppermint tins the #1 mint in the U.S.
LIFE SAVERS
Life Savers were invented in 1912 by a Cleveland chocolate maker who wanted a sweet product that wouldn't melt in the summer heat. He created a peppermint hard candy in the shape of a life preserver. Fruit flavors in the iconic 5 Flavor roll were introduced in 1936. Life Savers great-tasting flavors and unique candy-with-the-hole shape have established it as the #1 brand across non-chocolate candy and mints. The brand is now available in over 140 countries.
CREME SAVERS
The Creme Savers brand was launched
in 1998 as a distinctive, premium fruit &
creme swirled candy and it quickly became the #1 dairy hard candy brand. Today this delicious product combination continues to provide a uniquely irresistible experience to consumers and is available in 11 different flavor varieties.
SUGUS
Sugus, the "original chewy candy," was introduced in 1929 in Switzerland. Today the brand is sold in over a dozen countries; primarily in Europe and Asia. Sugus is
Wrigley's first chewy candy brand and comes in a variety of individually wrapped delicious fruit flavors.
       9

                                         Programs like our Leadership Academy help prepare our people to be strong Wrigley leaders who drive our business while enhancing our unique culture. Our marketing and sales colleges help associates in these roles develop skills and capabilities so that they can do more than execute their jobs – they can excel in them. Manager training teaches our associates how to create a positive and productive work environ- ment, while Legal Compliance training assures that we all have the knowledge we need to be protectors of our Company and our reputation. Team-building activities, including opportunities to volunteer in our communities and annual sponsorship of our Chicago- based Wrigley Start Early Run against child abuse, help bring us together as an organization and demon- strate our values.
We are moving at an accelerated pace and, yet, our associates continue to amaze as they achieve new levels of success and personal development. We are pleased that we have been able to provide an envi- ronment that fosters this advancement for our team and that our Company was recognized for the second consecutive year by FORTUNE’S “100 Best Places to Work” in the United States.
I’d like to extend my sincere gratitude to all of our global associates for their unwavering commitment to our growth objectives, as well as to the values that have made Wrigley such a unique place to work for over 100 years.
Continuing the Momentum
Since Wrigley first listed on the New York Stock Exchange in 1923, four generations of my family and Wrigley associates have worked together to deliver attractive results - including this year’s record performance. What has driven these results is our
clarity of vision, consistency in execution against our long-term business strategy, and our resilience and flexibility in addressing today’s trends and opportuni- ties in the marketplace.
You can see the result of our commitment in the generations of consumers who love Wrigley brands...generations of sales growth and profitabili- ty...and generations of investors who have passed their faith in us on to their children and grandchildren.
The accomplishments and investments of this year reflect Wrigley’s steadfast focus on the future and our ability to strengthen our position in today’s con- fections category. While our business is becoming increasingly complex and dynamic, our commitment to generational growth will continue to guide us as we make strategic decisions and investments that will create lasting value.
I’d like to extend my deep appreciation to our Board of Directors for their valuable counsel, contributions and insights this past year. They remain an integral part of our broader leadership team, and they drive us to even greater performance year after year.
Finally, I’d like to thank you – our stockholders – for your ongoing confidence in all of us at the Wrigley Company and for the trust and faith you place in us by investing in our future.
Sincerely,
William Wrigley, Jr.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  10
