Wm.                 Jr. Company OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT
WRIGLEY BUILDING • 410 N. MICHIGAN AVENUE • CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 60611 • TELEPHONE: 644-2121
To the Stockholders and Employees of the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company
Your Company, again in 1997, set new highs over prior years in sales and earnings. This accomplishment required the determination and hard work of the entire worldwide Wrigley Company team. Our overall results were driven primarily by our international companies, and earnings also had the benefit of increased tax credits — a portion of which will not be repeated in 1998.
Throughout Europe and Asia, 1997 was an exceptional year characterized by consistency in volume growth across nearly all of our key markets. In fact, of our top 25 international markets, 22 recorded increased sales revenues. These very positive results, however, were reduced by about 50% in consolidation due to the effect of a stronger U.S. dollar. By taking a slightly longer-term perspective, we see the importance of our international focus, as the size of our overseas business has nearly doubled in the five-year period ending in 1997.
In both our established and developing markets of Europe, Wrigley associates turned in strong sales performances for 1997. Consistent merchandising and advertising efforts, combined with innovative product initiatives, resulted in increased per capita consumption. A new concept for our sugarfree brands designed specifically for children was well-received in Europe. This concept was launched first in Germany, then across the central and eastern countries, and by year-end into Scandinavia.
Our substantial investment in people, manufacturing capacity, advertising and merchandising in Central and Eastern Europe returned healthy dividends. The volume increase for this region over the prior year would, on its own, rank as our sixth largest market. Spending levels to support manufacturing and marketing efforts will remain high in these developing markets, as we seek to raise per capita consumption levels further through greater awareness and expanded availability for our brands.
A similar story emerges in our Asia/Pacific Region. For the third consecutive year, this part of the world recorded the largest percentage volume increase for your Company. China was second only to Central and Eastern Europe in terms of its contribution to our overall 1997 volume increase.
Even though our facility in Guangzhou opened just five years ago, the rapid pace of our growth in the Chinese market required construction activity over the past year that more than doubled the size of this plant. Substantial progress was also made on the replacement factory now under construction in the Philippines, scheduled for completion a year from now.
While the financial turmoil in Southeast Asia has not yet materially affected our performance, a note of caution is necessary. The decline in value of local currencies and weakness in these economies will have an impact on our business. We are closely monitoring the situation in each of these markets and taking whatever steps are needed to minimize any negative financial impact.
Closer to home and encouraging to your Company are the improving trends in our North American business. As we began 1997, we faced substantial marketing challenges in both the sugar and sugarfree segments of our U.S. business and heightened competition in Canada.
Our first priority was to reverse the negative trend for U.S. sugarfree gum sales. Reformulated for even longer-lasting flavor, four improved flavors of Extra» Sugarfree Gum went into the pipeline during the first half of the year. When a sufficient level of distribution was achieved, our new advertising kicked in, and the combination of an improved product and advertising in support of the relaunch was positive. During the second half of 1997, our sugarfree gum sales turned around, and we enjoyed a significant increase compared to the same period in the prior year.

The need to increase our U.S. multipack price at the end of 1996 in the sugar gum segment — after holding prices steady for nearly nine years — led to a substantial volume decline as we entered 1997. We used the improved margins to step up our advertising, and indications in the second half of the year were that our sugar gum volume was recovering.
Our associates in Canada focused their efforts on rationalizing both product offerings and promotional sales. While these changes resulted in slightly lower 1997 volume, their financial performance improved, and they were able to increase their brand support. Going forward, our presence in the Canadian market is expected to be stronger.
Our markets of Mexico, the Caribbean and Central and South America recorded solid volume gains. These improved sales were especially welcome after two years of declining volume following the devaluation of the Mexican peso. We are maintaining our interest in these markets and intend to build volume through new distribution and merchandising programs.
Turning to our associates at Amurol Confections, their novelty gum category has long been marked by cyclical sales. And in 1997, they had to overcome the impact of a three-year sales decline. Through tight cost control measures, they achieved higher operating earnings over the prior year and improved their prospects for the coming year. They are also pressing forward with new concepts to reverse their sales trend.
This coming year will see the further expansion of our international organization. China, Russia and Central Europe have provided dramatic business growth in recent years and continue to hold a vast potential for your Company. Hiring and training activities around the world will remain at peak levels to achieve and maintain the market penetration needed in our emerging markets and to staff new and expanded manufacturing facilities.
Capital investments will continue at a high level into 1998. On top of our outlays for bricks and mortar, a significant part of our capital program is the equipment required to ensure that capacity keeps pace with demand. Some of this machinery is purchased; however, the critical equipment is designed and built in-house. In the case of this proprietary technology, our engineering and machine construction departments have produced more specialized equipment in the past three years than in the previous seven. These efforts, significant by themselves, are in addition to the design, project management and start-up of production projects around the world — all of which have come in on time and on or under budget, often in spite of adverse weather conditions, stretched logistics and occasional red tape.
Similar to most companies supported by computer technology, we are confronted with the Year 2000 challenge. This project, to ensure that all of our computer systems will function properly at the turn of the century and beyond, began sometime ago. While good progress has been made, our largest expenditures are estimated to occur in 1998, and we expect to be over this hurdle by the first part of 1999.
As we move another year closer to the 21st Century, plenty of opportunities and a few clouds remain on the horizon. With the support of our shareholders and all Wrigley Company employees, we expect to expand our business well into the new millennium. We enter 1998 relying on the same strengths that have sustained us for the past 107 years—top quality products, powerful advertising, aggressive merchandising, and top-notch people who know how to use these tools.
Sincerely,
William Wrigley
       