 To Our Stockholders and the Worldwide Wrigley Team:
In the dynamic environment of 2004, the Wrigley Company continued to do what it does best – understand consumer needs around the globe and address them with high quality, great-tasting, innovative and value-added confectionery products. By focusing on our strengths and executing with excellence against our long-term strategic plan, we once again delivered record shipments, sales and earnings. We not only grew our core chewing gum business, but we also increased our variety of confections – some developed internally and some acquired – to firmly establish us as a broader-based competitor in the overall confectionery marketplace.
 Additionally, we enjoyed a record-setting year in terms of new product activity, with more than four dozen product and packaging launches around the Wrigley world in 2004, as well as the successful introduction of a number of recently acquired Joyco brands into new countries. We secured nearly a dozen new patents last year, and approval is pending on several dozen more, positioning us to sustain a healthy level of innovation through 2005 and beyond.
During this past year, we also took some concrete steps to better align our organization with the internal mindset that we refer to as the Wrigley Confectionery Company. We instituted a new corporate structure under Ron Waters, our Chief Operating Officer, to enable us to more effectively reach our consumers, partner with our customers and challenge our competitors. First, we unified our global commercial operations, which has greatly facilitated consumer and customer knowledge transfer across regions. We also centralized our Supply Chain function around the world, so that our Manufacturing and Distribution operations could be more smoothly integrated with our Marketing and Innovation initiatives. Finally, we created a formal Strategy & Business Development group that has helped to sharpen and focus our strategic analytical and M&A capabilities, as
well as increase the breadth of our view and the depth of our plans for the future.
Complementing the operational and strategic organiza- tional changes has been the recent restructuring of our Marketing team. In our desire to develop and grow large global brands with locally sensitive and relevant executions of our strategic initiatives, we have realigned our global marketing structure from a geography-driven model to one centered on global benefit delivery platforms. We have a passion for getting to know our consumers and, as a result, have gained significant insights into their buying habits.Those insights led us to establish late last year a marketing system of collaborative, cross-regional teams organized around consumer benefits that now drive our business worldwide.
We believe that this new marketing structure will help us extend our ability to promote our products successfully, build solid relationships with customers, and win against competition. With these teams now in place, we will be able to further accelerate innovation and brand building around the Wrigley world.
All regions contributed to our success this past year. Across the U.S. and Canada, economies remained strong, and value-added products like Orbit®, Eclipse® and Excel®,
11
 
 with their innovative packaging, continued their robust growth – the latter two in both pellet gum and breath mint formats. In both countries, particularly Canada, we saw intensified competitive activity on store shelves and in the media. As a result, the confectionery segments in which we participate had above-average growth in 2004. In Mexico, we made some significant changes in the format and packaging of our leading chewing gum brands to better align our offerings with consumer preferences and make us more competitive in the marketplace. Our new and fast-growing business in Doublemint®, Juicy Fruit® and Winterfresh® pellets will help to ensure that our factory in Silao, Mexico, will have plenty of orders to fill when it begins operations during the second quarter of 2005.
For most of our EMEAI region (Europe, Middle East, Africa and India), the combination of modest growth and modest inflation kept economies on a fairly steady track, with some stronger performances recorded by countries in East and Central Europe. For Wrigley, sugar-free products – such as Orbit in Russia and Extra® in the U.K. – continue to drive our results in the region. In fact, we have taken the dental benefit marketing campaigns for our sugar-free offerings to the next level across a number of Western and Central European geographies by expanding the distribution of our dental candies and by launching our Dental Professional whitening gum products.
In Asia, there was no reoccurrence of the health scares of a year ago, and we saw the recovery of a number of local economies and sales of our brands, led by excellent growth of our business across China. Additionally, the combination of more aggressive competition and packaging innovations that focused on functionality, convenience and value sparked growth of the overall gum category in that region.
Our organic growth was and will continue to be a key element of our success. In 2004, however, we also grew by acquisition – completing one and initiating another.
 Net Earnings
millions of dollars
493
446
‘00 ‘01 ‘02 ‘03 ‘04
  402 363
329
    Cash Flow from Operating Activities millions of dollars
448
390
‘00 ‘01 ‘02 ‘03 ‘04
725
645
374
      Percent of Sales
from new products
  19%
12
Net Sales
billions of dollars
3.1 2.7
2.4
2.1
‘00 ‘01 ‘02 ‘03 ‘04
3.6
     
 These activities caught the attention of the media and the investment community because we had not been especially active in this area previously.The truth is that we have a wealth of talent and expertise that enable us to identify, analyze and integrate acquisitions successfully. Let me emphasize, however, that we are not in any way “hungry” for acquisitions. What we are is strategic and thorough in analyzing potential acquisitions; and if the fit, the timing and the growth potential are right, then we are capable of executing them with excellence.
We have been very pleased, for example, with the integration of the Joyco acquisition and the performance of its brands for us. Products from Joyco accounted for nearly half the sales gains we achieved across our EMEAI and Asia regions in the second half of 2004.
Overall, our plan for Joyco remains on track – from the unification of extensive sales forces in Spain and China to the bottom-line financial impact.
Based on our success to date, we see additional opportunities for expanding the geographic footprint of brands like Boomer® bubble gum, Pim Pom® lollipops and Solano® hard candies to new regions. Additionally, we are looking to increase the efficiency of the production and distribution of those brands, as well as create new and exciting confectionery offerings through the combined capabilities and technologies of Wrigley and Joyco.
We are also excited about the possibilities and potential of the Kraft acquisition; however, because that transaction is still undergoing regulatory review, there is little that I can say about it at present. What I can say is that we have a comprehensive preparation plan in place, so that once the acquisition is approved and closed, we will be ready to implement that plan immediately. Given the Wrigley track record of building great brands for the
long-term from scratch, our innovation, supply chain and commercial teams are more than ready to apply their talents to brands that are already strong and have quality pedigrees like Life Savers®, Crème Savers®, Altoids®, Trolli® and Sugus®.
While acquisitions may garner headlines, it is the more basic efforts – often behind the scenes and out of the spotlight – that pave the way for long-term business success. In my past few letters, I have noted our progress on our global SAP implementation, which we call WeB Esprit. I am pleased to report that this ambitious four-year initiative to fully integrate our worldwide business and finance systems and processes has been successfully completed and is already having a positive effect on our operations across six continents.
The common language and processes of SAP have increased communication, collaboration and efficiency throughout our supply chain. Despite the tremendous increase in the complexity of our product portfolio over the past year, we have been able to reduce our inventory levels as a percentage of sales.WeB Esprit has also helped shorten cycle and changeover times, which, in turn, have lowered costs. Additionally, in combination with the tighter alignment across Supply Chain, Marketing and Innovation, our new systems have made us more nimble and flexible in responding to the ebbs and flows of demand and other changes in the marketplace. Moreover, this new IT “backbone” is robust enough to support additional cutting-edge applications that will allow us to continue to build “best in class” processes for manufacturing, distribution, innovation, customer service, marketing and human resources.
Throughout the challenges we faced and the changes and the innovations we made last year, the heart and soul of the Wrigley Company remained alive and well. Nothing so dramatically affirmed our values as the tremendous outpouring of concern from Wrigley associates to the victims of the tsunami that devastated so many in South Asia and East Africa. Although direct
13

 impact on our operations was minimal, in true Wrigley fashion, thoughts and words were immediately translated into actions. From lunchroom collections by team members in the Munich regional office to the donation of a day’s pay by employees at our locations in India, support for the victims of this tragedy have poured out from our people around the world. The Company’s Foundation is making both direct and matching donations to the relief efforts, but it is the smaller, individual contributions and expressions of sympathy from our global associates that bring our values to life and confirm for me that the essence of who we are remains steadfast.
Among the guardians of our heart and soul is the Wrigley Board of Directors. Our Directors share their keen insights with us and do not hesitate to probe and challenge our decisions. Their commitment to the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company makes our business and our organization better. I would like to offer a special word of thanks to Penny Pritzker, who is leaving the Board this year after a decade of dedicated service to devote more time to managing her family businesses. In addition to being a steady hand through a period of tremendous growth and change, this past year she took on the challenge of chairing the Board’s Corporate Governance Committee – a significant responsibility, particularly in the wake of Sarbanes-Oxley. With Penny and her committee’s guidance and support as well as hard work by our Finance and Legal departments, we mastered the challenges presented by this legislation and, in the process, learned that we were ahead of the curve in compliance and disclosure controls. We will miss Penny as a wise counselor, and we thank her for all she has done for the Wrigley organization.
From the Board Room to the sales office to the factory floor, the people who work here make the Wrigley Company a very special place. I am proud to lead this organization and deeply appreciate the extraordinary efforts of our people, who consistently deliver strong
core business performance while simultaneously implementing strategic initiatives that will lay the foundation for our long-term, generational growth. During all of the organizational changes and initiatives that we have undertaken in recent years, we have been able to depend upon our Wrigley associates who have continually stepped up to new challenges without hesitation – taking on new responsibilities, relocating, learning new skills, and supporting or filling in for colleagues assigned to special projects.
As I’ve said before, at the
heart of any successful individual or organization is the ability to understand and relate to other people and the commitment to treat everyone with trust, dignity and respect.
I believe that one of my primary responsibilities is to preserve and nurture this unique culture of performance and caring as well as uphold the set of values that underpin our continued success.
I know I speak for the nearly 15,000 Wrigley associates when I say that I am confident that the best is yet to come. We very much appreciate the strong support of our shareholders and stakeholders around the world, and we promise to maintain our focus on delivering the value, the strong returns and the success that we have all come to expect from Wrigley.
Sincerely,
William Wrigley, Jr.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 14
