 To Our Shareholders and
the Worldwide Wrigley Team
YOUR COMPANY DELIVERED AN OUTSTANDING BUSINESS PERFORMANCE IN 2001, ACHIEVING DOUBLE-DIGIT GROWTH IN VOLUME, SALES AND EARNINGS. WE REMAINED FOCUSED AND ON TRACK IN SPITE OF A TURBULENT ENVIRONMENT AND THE UNEXPECTED TWISTS AND TURNS OF WORLD EVENTS. IN FACT, WE ACCELERATED OUR OVERALL PACE OF BUSINESS THIS PAST YEAR, LARGELY AS A RESULT OF THE DETERMINATION, IMAGINATION AND FLEXIBILITY OF WRIGLEY TEAM MEMBERS AROUND THE WORLD.
Those qualities were essential, especially in the wake of the tragedy of September 11. Despite our shock and sadness over what transpired on that dark day, some comfort can be taken from the seeds of hope that emerged from the ruins of the World Trade Center. Initially, I was struck by the tremendous capacity for kindness and heroism of those on the scene. As time passed, I was equally inspired by how the American
BILL WRIGLEY, JR.
  
 people in general, and our Wrigley team in particular, pulled together in a selfless manner to support one another and those in need.
The events of September 11 reminded us all of what is really important in life and just how fragile our very existence can be. These reflections seem to have made us all a little more appreciative of what we have and less likely to take our many gifts for granted. The inevitability of change in all aspects of our lives was also driven home. There is a continual need to accept and adapt to change, and we must make every effort to direct the changes we encounter toward positive outcomes.
The business goals that we set for ourselves heading into 2001 would have been ambitious even under the best of circumstances. The fact that we were able to achieve, and in many cases exceed, our key goals this past year, reflects both our teamwork and the unifying power of our corporate vision. That vision – Wrigley brands woven into the fabric of everyday life around the world – serves as a “touchstone” for everything we do.
Over the past year, our core chewing gum business has been invigorated across all regions. You have to look hard at the list of countries where we compete to find any in which we did not experience some kind of significant growth in 2001. The handful where we were down in profitability, tended to be up noticeably in volume, reflecting marketing and other investments being made for long-term business vitality.
One of the highlights of 2001 was our business in the United States, which enjoyed its most successful year in more than a decade. We also made significant progress across Latin America; with some new thinking and increased enthusiasm and resources, our shipments and sales in the region nearly doubled.
Our Wrigley associates in both Russia and China accelerated their business growth this past year. Record shipments in Russia completed our recovery from the ruble’s devaluation of three years ago, and China solidified its position as our second largest volume country in the world. These two significant and relative- ly newer markets continue to showcase the Company’s long-term strategic focus, and top a lengthy list of strong-performing businesses that led to excellent results across EMEAI, Asia and the Pacific in 2001.
A year ago in this letter, I emphasized the Company’s reinvigorated spirit of innovation. In 2001, we took the concepts that were developed, turned them into reality, and executed against them in the marketplace at an unprecedented rate. Countless times over recent months, I addressed various Wrigley audiences around the world with the words: “We have accomplished more in this area in the past twelve months than we have in the previous few years.” This acceleration is evident in terms of product development, process improvements and system implementations.
As the images running along the bottom of the following pages illustrate, the pace of our new product innovations has dramatically accelerated. We have seen the continued evolution of our sugarfree Airwaves® brand overseas and Alpine® in Canada. The addition of a throat-soothing, honey & lemon line extension to the original menthol-eucalyptus, vapor-release formulation of Airwaves led to impressive incremental growth. Additional product extensions – such as vitamin C enriched Airwaves and Alpine Cherry – are further extending the reach of these brands. This past year has also seen the successful introduction of a sugar-based variation of Airwaves – Cool AirTM – in our Asia region.
5

 In the United States, new product activity was at an all-time high in 2001. Orbit® – already our leading sugarfree brand across Europe – was launched in the U.S. market mid-year in peppermint and WintermintTM flavors. The gum’s great taste, tab format and unique envelope-style packaging have captured consumers’ attention and made Orbit one of the fastest-growing items in the chewing gum category.
Although their official launch dates were not until January 2002, U.S. customer demand led us to begin shipping some additional new items in the fourth quarter of 2001. Our Eclipse® pellet gum lineup has been extended with a peppermint flavor, and we have added a spearmint flavor for Orbit. Also beginning to appear on U.S. retail shelves is Orbit White® – the first product resulting from our licensing agreement with Procter & Gamble signed earlier in the year. Orbit White pellets combine Wrigley’s superior expertise in gum taste and texture formulation with the same tooth-whitening ingredient found in CrestTM Dual-Action WhiteningTM toothpaste. This unique, oral care chewing gum will be featured prominently at checkout lanes, but will also expand our distribution into the dental care aisle in collaboration with Procter & Gamble.
Orbit White is the first of several products to be produced at our new U.S. manufacturing facility – Wrigley Phoenix – that came to us as part of the acquisition of the chewing gum assets of Gum Tech this past summer. Through our increasingly sophisticated Supply Chain team, the new plant has been effectively integrated into our overall production network to help meet our growing capacity requirements.
This past summer, our Amurol Confections subsidiary added the first mints to our product lineup with the acquisition of the Velamints® brand. Marketing initiatives and branding refinements are underway to add to the momentum achieved in the marketplace by intense peppermint and chocolate Velamints during the second half of the year.
Our renewed focus on innovation and an increased cross-pollination of ideas have allowed us to tap into new sources of creativity across the organization. Not every new concept will work, but a good number of them will, and we are establishing a culture that allows us to use any setback as an opportunity for learning. For example, consumer trial levels for Surpass® antacid chewing gum from the newly formed Wrigley Healthcare Division have been below expectations so far. We underestimated the difficulty and longer-term nature of initiating a consumer behavior change – moving from familiar liquids and tablets to a chewing gum for the answer to heartburn. Consumer feedback confirms that people who try Surpass like the fast-acting, good-tasting and long-lasting heartburn relief the product delivers. We are now in the process of adjusting the marketing mix and taking other steps to increase consumer trial to give Surpass its best chance for success.
As we build for the future, it remains critical that we provide Wrigley associates around the world with the tools they need to effectively collaborate and win in the marketplace. To enable our people to drive our
           6
1998 1999 2000

 business forward at an accelerated pace, we are providing more of them with more business information through more channels than ever before. For example, we made significant progress in 2001 on our global process streamlining and SAP software implementation – WEB Esprit – as well as the ongoing evolution of our employee intranet portal – the Wrigley Worldwide Innovation Network or WIN.
This past year has clearly shown that life and business conditions can change quickly. We are contending with stronger and more aggressive competitors in several geographies, and we remain aware of the ongoing uncertainties surrounding various economies and currencies. However, despite the challenges and the unknowns, we face the future with more self-assurance than ever before. The sources of our confidence are the strength of our people and processes, our strategic plan and our overall depth of resources.
While not every year will feature the same number of initiatives as 2001, we have clearly set a new pace for ourselves in terms of business activity. At the same time, we have increased our capabilities, giving us the talent and the tools necessary to continue transforming our vision into reality, as well as the flexibility to turn the unexpected into opportunity.
In 2002, we will aggressively build on the success of this past year, and will do so in concert with our shared values and our continuing commitment to integrity. We appreciate your ongoing support as we work hard to deliver additional benefits to our consumers and create additional value for our shareholders, customers, business partners and Wrigley associates around the world.
Sincerely,
William Wrigley, Jr.
President and
Chief Executive Officer
   The introduction of major new brands and product benefits has accelerated over the last four years. At the same time, new flavors and product formats for many existing brands have been brought to consumers.
         2001
7
