 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS AND THE WORLDWIDE WRIGLEY TEAM:
Two thousand and two was a very successful year for your Company, as we achieved record levels of product shipments, sales and earnings worldwide. These gains were made against a backdrop of economic and political uncertainty in a number of geographies as well as a shifting competitive landscape within our industry.
It is during unsettled times like these that the clarity and consistency of our vision, mission, values and strategies are particularly important. Equally essential are the unique talents of our team and their ability to work together seamlessly to execute our plans in the global marketplace. All of this enables us to stand out against the competition and continue to build shareholder value.
There have been notable changes within the chewing gum business and the broader confectionery industry that will continue to impact the Wrigley Company. Acceleration of sales growth for chewing gum in recent years, largely due to our new product initiatives, has attracted attention and spurred activity. New players are entering our core business and various competitive brands have been changing hands. Notably, Cadbury has been adding chewing gum companies to its portfolio and within the last year, acquired Dandy (a Danish gum maker and our principal competitor in Russia) and agreed to purchase Adams confectionery (our nearest competitor in the United States).
Given the new field of play, it is more important than ever to reiterate the commitment present at every level of our organization to executing against our six core strategic choices:
– Boostingourcorebusiness
– Expanding our business into new geographies and distribution channels
 
 – Diversifyingclosetohome
– Maintainingafocusoninnovation
– Deliveringthehighestqualityatthelowestcost – Growinganddevelopingourpeople
Although all six remain critical, three played especially significant roles in 2002 – diversification, core business expansion and innovation – and so it is worthwhile to discuss them in more detail and to understand their importance for our continued success.
This past year, we executed against our strategic choice to “diversify close to home” by pursuing a business combination with Hershey Foods. While the Wrigley- Hershey transaction did not take place, it is important to share with you key considerations that speak to our merger and acquisition philosophy and how these principles will remain a steadfast component of our approach to similar opportunities in the future.
Our motivation was pure and simple – it was a unique opportunity that made good business sense on many levels, and we had the talent and resources to fully capitalize on it and deliver results. Our due diligence, our offer and our plans for the integrated organization were thorough, thoughtful, strategic, and extremely well- executed. Our detailed analysis reinforced the tremendous synergies, consumer growth opportunities and value creation inherent in the envisioned combination of our companies. Additionally, the many similarities in heritage, culture and values, and the complementary nature of the respective product lines, iconic brands and geographic strengths, made this potential transaction very attractive. As with any such bold business move, there was risk involved; but measured risk-taking is one of the Wrigley Company’s key values and is necessary to grow the business.
Going forward, we reaffirm our intention to pursue confectionery acquisitions around the world, while
 remaining dedicated to doing what is right for our business and for our stakeholders. We will be driven to create significant value, seeking a tight fit with our core competencies, our strategic long-term plan and our Company values and focusing on potential growth synergies as opposed to just cost synergies.
The path to our successful future will never be set in stone – we must remain flexible and continue to explore multiple strategies and parallel initiatives to give ourselves the best possibility of achieving robust, generational growth. Were we disappointed that the Wrigley-Hershey combination did not come together as planned? Absolutely. Did it prevent us from making substantial progress in 2002? Absolutely not. Even if the right acquisition opportunity does not present itself, we will move forward confident in the knowledge that our core business is healthy and growing, as evidenced by the significant organic growth generated by our internally developed line extensions and new confectionery items.
Turning to our core business expansion, a key competi- tive advantage for the Wrigley Company and central to our success is our portfolio of iconic brands, trusted by consumers around the world. Some have been around for more than a century, while others have yet to reach their first anniversary. Though different in form, taste and function, they are all grounded in deep consumer understanding and deliver quality, value and meaningful consumer benefits. This past year saw a significant increase in our already strong levels of marketing investment in our brands – both new and old – with impressive sales results.
In the U.S., three of our longest established brands – Wrigley’s Spearmint®, Doublemint® and Juicy Fruit® – were modified with improved formulas, updated packaging, and new marketing campaigns intended to grab people’s attention and satisfy the next generation of Wrigley consumers. Change of this magnitude is often difficult,
5

 and we recognize that it may be disconcerting for some longstanding consumers; however, ensuring the vitality of our brands requires their thoughtful evolution and renewal – a delicate blending of past, present and future.
These initiatives – along with our support of the vigorous growth of Orbit® and Eclipse® in the U.S., the continuing expansion of our international Airwaves brand franchise, and the introduction of a new product format with X•CiteTM – all reaffirm our commitment to our first strategic choice of “boosting the core chewing gum business.”
Finally, our focus on innovation – in our products, processes, and systems – is providing us with essential building blocks for future growth. In 2002, we
unveiled Eclipse FlashTM strips (fla-
vorful, dissolvable films for instant
fresh breath) and Orbit DropsTM
(sugar-free lozenges). In addition
to being innovative, they also sup-
port our strategic choice to
diversify our business “close to
home.” Bothoftheseconfectionery
expansions build upon our
existing expertise in flavor, oral
and dental benefits, imaginative packaging, wide- spread distribution, and effective advertising. These products are still in their relative infancy, but customer and consumer response to date has been very positive. Our internal development initiatives continue to add to our new product pipeline with innovative and attractive confectionary offerings for 2003 and beyond.
All of these opportunities and accomplishments are very exciting and bode well for Wrigley’s future, but they also make our business more complex. Our strategic path dictates the need for a robust technology infrastructure in order to remain a leader in the marketplace. Over the
 past year, we took some major steps forward in our ongoing implementation of global enterprise software, including the conversion of our operations in Western Europe and the Americas. As of this time, over 60% of the worldwide Wrigley organization is operating on a unified systems platform. This could not have been achieved without the tremendous effort and dedication of our people across a number of functions and regions who are single-minded in their determination to use technology to add value to what we offer our consumers, customers and associates.
The global integration of our operating and financial systems makes us a more power- ful manufacturer and an agile partner to both our suppliers and our customers. It will pro- vide us with more complete, higher quality data on a more timely basis. We will be in a bet- ter position to share data and learnings with our supply chain partners and to squeeze ineffi- ciencies out of the system. Easier access to consumer behavior insights will afford us the ability to respond to their needs in even more meaningful ways. Finally, our associates in manufactur- ing will achieve even greater productivity thanks to infor- mation and shared knowledge being placed at their fin-
gertips.
It is clear to me that 2002 was a milestone year for the Wrigley Company, and I firmly believe that our team of talented people, who bring their passion and commit- ment to work with them everyday, deserve the credit and our deepest gratitude for the impressive accomplish- ments of the past twelve months. From Chicago to Munich to Guangzhou – from the factory floor to the
                          6

 satellite offices to the Wrigley Building – every member of our team operates from the same foundation of ethics and shared values, with an emphasis on treating those with whom we interact with trust, dignity and respect. This year has tested our mettle, and Wrigley associates have answered the call with creativity, cooperation and dedication.
I would also like to acknowledge the strength and commitment of our Board of Directors. Their broad range of experience and expertise are brought to bear on our Company with enthusiasm and vigor. They take their corporate governance responsibilities seriously, and have made it their business to really know our business. As a result, they provide valuable perspectives and keen insights on growth opportunities and strategic direction, while helping to preserve the Company’s values.
Our future holds many opportunities for success on a variety of fronts, and we are committed to pursuing them vigorously. With your continued support, we will maintain our aggressive pace of operations and innovation to grow and expand our business, remain top of mind with consumers and customers, and create additional value for all our stakeholders around the world.
Sincerely,
William Wrigley, Jr.
President and
Chief Executive Officer
 Wrigley Values. In our pursuit of generational growth and prosperity for our stakeholders the entire Wrigley organization is committed to acting in a manner consistent with the shared values we hold paramount:
– We treat each other with trust, dignity and respect.
– We create an environment where people from diverse
cultures and backgrounds work together effectively.
– We support and have the courage to take measured risk.
– We act with a sense of urgency without sacrificing excellence.
– We foster a spirit of innovation in all areas of our business.
– We strive for effective communication that results in teamwork, shared knowledge and ideas.
– We make an extraordinary effort to attract, identify, recruit and retain the very best person for every job.
– We pursue lifelong learning and personal development.
– We encourage individual leadership, responsibility
and accountability.
– We demand of ourselves high standards of ethical behavior.
– We develop long-term relationships for mutual growth and profitability.
 