 DEAR SHAREHOLDER,
The actions we took
in 2010 enhanced our ability to return value to our shareholders through our long-term strategy to generate superior returns with sustainable land and forest solutions.
The most significant action involved electing Real Estate Investment
Trust status. You’ve already benefited from this decision through the $5.6 billion special dividend we paid in September.
In the future, you’ll benefit from our enhanced ability to operate and grow our core asset — the more than 6 million acres of valuable timberland we hold. We believe forests provide a source of sustainable products, green energy and carbon sequestration as well as a host of other solutions for challenges facing the world. No one is
better positioned than us to meet these needs through our holdings, our intellectual property and our people.
Our taxable REIT subsidiary, composed of Wood Products, Cellulose Fibers and Real Estate, generates cash flow to service our debt and help fund your dividend and our growth opportunities. Cellulose Fibers, which had a record year in 2010, broadens our exposure to global markets, while Wood Products and Real Estate offer substantial upside potential from their unique position to benefit
from a return to long-term housing-start trends.
Our commitment is to provide you with a dividend that is sustainable and that we can grow over time. In December, we announced a policy of paying a dividend ratio of 75 percent of funds available for distribution over the cycle. Given the continued challenges of the housing market, our announced quarterly dividend of 15 cents per share is likely
to represent nearly all of our 2011 funds available for distribution.
For 2011, we project only a modest increase
in single-family housing starts from 2010 levels. This will continue to put pressure on our Timberlands, Wood Products and Real Estate businesses.
Nonetheless, I expect improved performance from continued operational changes, cost efficiencies and improved relative competitiveness of our businesses. I expect positive cash flow from our Wood Products segment, while I expect our Real Estate segment to continue to deliver strong performance relative to its peers. Although our Timberlands business will continue to defer a portion of our harvest, we foresee a slight increase in logging activity, taking advantage of improved demand in Asian markets. Finally, Cellulose Fibers should maintain its strong operating performance.
2011 will be another challenging year, but I’m confident we’ll continue on the path to stronger results.
Dan Fulton
President and Chief Executive Officer
  