DEAR SHAREHOLDER:
As the long-awaited recovery in U.S. housing finally begins to take hold, Weyerhaeuser Company is taking full advantage of the upturn.
Our goal is to be the first choice for both investors and customers. Over the past few years, despite strong headwinds in housing, our businesses have tapped the ingenuity of our people to improve efficiency, lower cost, build customer relationships, and move quickly in response to shifting market demands. Our focused and strategic work has strengthened the foundation of our company, from which we intend to grow and flourish as housing returns to trend and the general economy improves.
Our most significant success story in 2012 was the tremendous improvement in our Wood Products business. This turnaround was not due to market recovery alone. More than half of the earnings generated by our Wood Products business came from operational improvements throughout the sector — large and small initiatives at all levels that added up to a significant and sustainable breakthrough in performance.
Our other three businesses — Timberlands, Real Estate and Cellulose Fibers — were also focused on driving operational excellence while taking advantage of any market opportunities that arose. Our Timberlands business capitalized on its unique position in the Asian export market. Our Real Estate companies saw stronger sales in the fourth quarter, which is further evidence that the housing recovery has teeth. And while fluff pulp markets weakened in 2012 from their high the previous year, the fundamentals for our Cellulose Fibers business continue to support our long-term strategy to grow with our global customers.
The proof of our company’s underlying strength is
not just in my words,
or in the numbers we report each quarter. As
an investor, you deserve
to see evidence of our
results in your own
pocketbook. This year,
our board of directors
signaled their confidence
in Weyerhaeuser
Company by raising our dividend by 13 percent. This action supports our long-held philosophy to set a dividend that
is sustainable and will grow over time. I’m very pleased that we were able to reward our investors with a total shareholder return of more than 50 percent in 2012.
As we look to the year ahead, our priority is to continue safely making money by pushing for continuous opera- tional improvement, managing cost, and responding quickly to market opportunities. While we certainly welcome a stronger housing market, we are not waiting for it or relying on it for our success. Now, more than ever, we are ready to run faster and harder than ever before.
I look forward to continuing to share the benefits of our hard work with you.
Dan Fulton
President and Chief Executive Officer
  