DEAR SHAREHOLDER,
I am confident in our ability to deliver significantly improved operating performance despite the unacceptable 2009 financial results and the continued challenges we see
as we enter 2010.
This confidence stems from what we did in 2009.
Perhaps the most significant were our actions to reduce costs to make us more competitive. These included cutting overhead costs by nearly $300 million through work such as redesigning our compensation and benefits packages for active and retired employees and reducing our headcount by 25 percent. We commit to maintaining this focus to further reduce costs.
Closely coupled with the need to reduce costs is our strong focus on generating cash and maintaining liquidity. Despite the challenges of 2009, we ended the year with $1.9 billion in cash and strong liquidity.
Three of our businesses currently are strongly dependent on the housing market. With the home building and remodel markets at record lows, we responded. In Timberlands, we deferred harvest levels by 33 percent compared with 2008 to preserve the long-term value
for shareholders. To balance demand with production, we took downtime across the Wood Products system. In our Real Estate business, we adjusted our land position, redesigned product lines and aggressively reduced costs. Although not directly affected by the housing market, our Cellulose Fibers leaders continued to improve the competitive position of the business
by reducing costs and improving mill efficiency.
But we did more than respond to current conditions;
we positioned ourselves for the future. For example,
our Wood Products business eliminated non-competitive mills to increase our efficiency and enhance our ability to capture the benefits of stronger market conditions. We also continued to invest in growth opportunities, such as our announced plans to build a new cellulose fibers processing plant in Gdansk, Poland.
We see other opportunities for growth. The world is demanding green solutions for energy and our forests provide significant possibilities with our biomass initiatives. Examples include our announced collaboration with Mitsubishi Corporation to explore the possibility of a strategic solid biofuel venture as well as our joint venture with Chevron to develop liquid fuel from biomass.
     Finally, we announced our intent to elect REIT status, a positive step in executing our overall strategic direction. The REIT structure best supports Weyerhaeuser’s commitment to maximizing our timberlands by allowing us to become a more tax efficient and more competitive owner, manager and buyer of timberlands. Our board has not determined the timing, but when we convert, Weyerhaeuser will become a unique, differentiated
REIT focused on delivering superior shareholder returns.
Challenges lie ahead as we enter 2010. Because of our work in 2009, however, I’m confident we will deliver significantly improved operating performance.
Dan Fulton
President and Chief Executive Officer
   