                  A Message to Our Shareholders
In 2004, U. S. Steel reported record earnings. For the year, we had net income of $1.091 billion on $14.1 bil- lion in revenues compared to a loss of $463 million on $9.5 billion in revenues in 2003.
Economic growth across all steel consuming regions of the world, including China, created an unprecedented demand for steel products, and as demand increased, steel prices followed, as did prices for most steelmaking raw materials. As a result of productivity improvements and asset expansion, U. S. Steel was in a position to reap the benefits of the strong market.
As the year began, we continued to concentrate on successfully integrating the National Steel assets and
U. S. Steel Balkan into our operations and to benefit as quickly as possible from the synergies the acquisitions gave us in the United States and Central Europe. Our progressive agreement with the United Steelworkers of America combined with our administrative transforma- tion process yielded a 30 percent productivity improve- ment across our domestic operations. Together with the synergies from our acquisitions, we achieved our repeatable $400 million cost savings objective ahead
of schedule. We ended the year with $1.0 billion in cash and $2.2 billion in liquidity.
Our financial performance gave us the flexibility to improve our capital structure, invest in our operations and provide a solid return to our shareholders – all part of our balanced, responsible approach to business. To strengthen our balance sheet, during 2004, we retired $560 million or about 30 percent of our debt, and made voluntary contributions of $295 million to our main pension plan and $30 million to our Voluntary Employee
Benefit Association trust for retiree Steelworker health- care obligations.
Capital expenditures for the year were $579 million. Domestically, our investments included improvements to two blast furnaces at Gary Works and one at Gran-
ite City Works and mining equipment for our iron ore operations in Minnesota. In Europe, at U. S. Steel Kosice (USSK), we invested in projects that reduce air emissions from the steelmaking facilities, a new air separation plant and a new line to manufacture electrical steel. We also accelerated work on refurbishing our steelmaking shop and our second blast furnace at U. S. Steel Balkan.
In 2004, the value of U. S. Steel common stock increased by 46 percent, and we are returning more capital to our shareholders. We recently announced a 60 percent in- crease in our quarterly common stock dividend to $0.08 per share. This substantial increase reflects our confi- dence in our financial outlook and our commitment to enhancing shareholder value. In taking this dividend action, we balanced other important considerations including higher capital spending requirements for our expanded asset base, maintaining financial flexibility to pursue strategic growth opportunities, and continuing to strengthen our financial position.
U. S. Steel has no deeper interest than that of the safety and health of our employees. Safety is at the top of our six key business drivers and is a core value for our com- pany and our people. In spite of our focus on safety, we had several serious work-related incidents in our opera- tions in 2004 and in the first quarter of this year. Three of these accidents took the lives of our co-workers. This
is unacceptable, and we are aggressively working to
      
                  eliminate all accidents in our facilities. Among the many measures we are taking, last July, we shut down each operating unit to conduct safety meetings with our em- ployees around the globe. Senior executives are making safety presentations and leading discussions with our employees in all of our operations. We have accelerated review of our critical safe job procedures to ensure that they clearly address all appropriate safety precautions, and we are addressing the human factor, which plays a role in a majority of accidents, by stressing personal ac- countability as well as responsibility for the safety of our co-workers. Management, the unions and our employ- ees are all engaged in the process of improving safety. We remain committed to achieving world-class safety performance throughout our operations. Our employ- ees deserve nothing less.
2004 was also a year of transition in the leadership of our company. Thomas J. Usher, who had served as chair- man and chief executive officer of our company since 1995, retired as CEO at the end of September, but con- tinues as non-executive chairman. The board elected John P. Surma, Jr. as CEO, effective October 1. We take succession seriously at U. S. Steel, and the decision to make the transition at this time reflected the board
of directors’ confidence in John and the entire leader- ship team. In addition, Roy G. Dorrance, vice chairman, retired at the end of September. Roy was an early advocate of building a culture of continuous improve- ment within the company, and his leadership allowed us to establish and maintain a strong position in domestic and international markets. We expected the transition to be seamless, and we believe our excellent performance in 2004 confirms that it was. We expect the momentum we achieved together to continue as we move forward.
Looking ahead, we believe market conditions will re- main favorable and 2005 should be another good year. We expect to ship more than 22 million tons of steel in 2005, up from 21.8 million tons in 2004.
Capital expenditures for 2005 are projected to be about $755 million, including the rebuild of our largest blast furnace, Gary Works No. 13, scheduled for the third quarter. Expenditures in Europe include initial outlays for a new hot-dip galvanizing line to support U. S. Steel’s European automotive strategy.
In 2005, we will continue to emphasize cost reduction and productivity improvement throughout the com- pany. To better motivate our non-represented employ- ees, we are implementing a new performance mea- surement program in which employee objectives are aligned with corporate objectives. Employee incentive compensation will also be more directly linked to our return on capital employed, thereby further aligning the focus of our organization with the interests of our shareholders.
We would like to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support of U. S. Steel and your confidence
in our company, and we thank our employees for the important role they have played in our success. We are proud of our 2004 performance, confident we have po- sitioned our company for continued profitable growth and optimistic about the future.
Thomas J. Usher, Chairman John P. Surma, President and of the Board of Directors Chief Executive Officer
      Thomas J. Usher, Chairman of the Board of Directors (left) John P. Surma, President and Chief Executive Officer (right)
  