   John P. Surma
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
 A Message from Our Chairman
Throughout 2012, United States Steel Corporation continued to deal with the challenges associated with an uneven and uncertain global economic recovery. Overall, steel demand remained below historical norms, but there was steady improvement in several of the markets we serve. There were also signs that other long-depressed markets may finally begin the journey toward recovery.
While the economic recovery process has been long, one fundamental has remained: Steel is essential to building, maintaining and advancing a modern society. Steel provides both the skeletal backbone and unique architectural attributes for buildings ranging from single-family homes to skyscrapers. Steel containers preserve the nutritional value of food in canned goods while protecting the contents from outside elements, all without the need for additives. Steel enables automakers to manufacture lighter-weight vehicles that achieve environmental improvements as well as occupant safety advances. Steel provides the strength and durability required by the equipment that performs the world’s construction, mining, agricultural and industrial activities in some of the most demanding environments. Steel is allowing energy companies to safely and responsibly extract resources once thought to be economically and technically impossible to develop. Steel does all of this and so much more because it is one of the most flexible materials known to mankind. Steel is also a highly sustainable material based on its complete life cycle. Steel is 100 percent recyclable and is the most recycled industrial material on our planet, allowing for the conservation of valuable resources. And steel production has, over time, become increasingly more energy efficient, contributing to significant reductions in our industry’s impact on our shared environment. Steel is a truly amazing, modern material both in terms of its capabilities today and its possibilities for the future, and U. S. Steel stands ready to meet our customers’ needs for high-quality, highly versatile steel products.
Looking back on our safety performance in 2012, our ongoing, focused efforts related to our key core value yielded further performance improvements. Hazard elimination was a central theme in 2012, and our work related to this aspect of our program led to additional progress in key statistical categories. Earlier this year, I was also pleased to award our new Chairman’s Safety Cup to Minnesota Ore Operations’ Keetac to honor their 2012 hazard elimination and injury reduction efforts. While it is important to mark the safety improvements we made in
1

  2012, it is equally important to remember that we experienced two work-related fatalities last year. These tragic events are sober reminders that despite our relentless improvement efforts and excellent overall results, we cannot and must not permit our sustained and focused attention on safety to lapse for even a moment.
In September, we successfully completed negotiations with the United Steelworkers on new three-year collective bargaining agreements that cover approximately 17,000 employees at our flat-rolled, tubular and iron ore mining facilities in the United States. These competitive agreements are in the best interests of our company, our employees and all of our stakeholders, and they were negotiated without any disruptions to our operations.
Last year, we completed or neared completion on several important capital investment projects. Construction of the new technologically and environmentally advanced coke battery and its associated quench tower at our Clairton Plant was completed in November. We anticipate that full production at an annualized rate of nearly one million tons will be achieved from this state-of-the-art facility before the end of the first quarter this year. In addition, construction on the first Carbonyx coke substitute module at Gary Works was completed and start-up began in late 2012. We anticipate that the second Carbonyx module will begin the start-up phase later this year. Both of these projects incorporate environmental performance improvements and are part of our long-term strategic efforts to improve our self-sufficiency in the production of this key raw material. Also at Gary Works, we completed an important project at our No. 14 Blast Furnace to improve yields and operating performance as well as enable us to significantly reduce coke consumption through increased use of natural gas and coal injection. In addition, work on the new Continuous Annealing Line at our PRO-TEC Coating Company joint venture is nearly complete. PRO-TEC is building
this $400 million, 500,000-ton-per-year line to produce the advanced high-strength steels the automotive industry is increasingly incorporating into new vehicle designs in order to meet more
stringent environmental and safety regulations.
   This automotive body structure display
at U. S. Steel’s Automotive Center in
Troy, Mich., demonstrates how using our most
advanced grades of steel reduces vehicle body
structure weight by twenty percent and enables the highest crash safety performance by doubling the average strengths of body-structure steels.
   2
 
 The Continuous Annealing Line Simulator at U. S. Steel’s Research and Technology Center in
Munhall, Pa., is used in the development of advanced high-strength steels (AHSS) for the automotive industry.
In December, we announced a new tubular services joint venture with Midland, Texas-based Butch Gilliam Enterprises. Patriot Premium Threading Services primarily serves energy industry customers in the Permian Basin. In addition to providing accessories and repair, technical and rig site services, the state-of-the-art facility will have the capability to thread our tubular products with all of our company’s proprietary connections, including the newly introduced USS-LIBERTY FJMTM.
This new joint venture, our ongoing investments in tubular products research
and development activities, and our continued efforts to modify our processes
where possible to enable increased use of competitively priced natural gas highlight
our company’s continuing belief that energy resource development in the United States
can play an even bigger role in our nation’s economic recovery and revitalization. America’s vast energy resources coupled with the energy industry’s technological expertise in extracting them in safe and environmentally responsible ways offers our country a unique, game- changing opportunity to restore its economic health at a time when it is desperately needed. U. S. Steel favors ongoing development of domestic energy resources and the economic and environmental benefits that can be broadly shared by many Americans, and we stand ready to continue providing the energy industry with high-quality, domestically made tubular products that will enable our customers to safely extract and transport these vital resources.
It is very important, however, that policymakers take steps to ensure these benefits are realized and not squandered. When competition and trade are fair, new investment and job creation will happen, as it did at our Lorain, Ohio, tubular operation when 100 full-time jobs were created upon completion of our new $100 million #6 Quench and Temper finishing facility in 2011. When trade is not fair, however, dumped and subsidized products find their way into domestic markets and too often put Americans out of work, including some of our employees in 2012. With a reliable, competitive energy supply and an assurance that existing trade laws will be enforced when a situation
A major capital investment, the technologically and environmentally advanced Clairton Plant C Battery was initially charged in November 2012, helping
to ensure the long-term viability of U. S. Steel’s Mon Valley Works.
   3

     High-tech robotic stations at Lorain Tubular Operations in Lorain, Ohio, apply thread protectors to finished pipe and help keep employees safe by reducing direct contact with the product.
warrants action, manufacturers like U. S. Steel will have greater confidence to reinvest in current facilities or build new ones, creating jobs that pay family-sustaining wages and provide good benefits. We will continue to advocate for enforcement of existing trade laws and action where needed to address unfairly traded flat-rolled and tubular steel products as well as other forms of market-distorting behavior, including currency manipulation and restrictions on key steelmaking raw materials.
As we look ahead to early 2013, we anticipate some improvements in our Flat-rolled, Europe and Tubular operating segments despite global economic conditions that continue to prove difficult. The extended impact of the euro zone debt crisis and the lingering effects fiscal uncertainty in the United States could have on business and consumer spending are just some of the challenges we face as we start the new year.
While economic uncertainty around the world remains, steel’s role in creating and advancing modern societies is undeniable, and because of that, I remain confident in our company’s ability to manage through the challenges we face and position ourselves to take advantage of future market opportunities. On behalf of our management team and more than 38,000 U. S. Steel employees around the world, I thank you for your continued support of our company.
Sincerely,
John P. Surma
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
 4
