                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION 2014 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 1
A Message from Our President and Chief Executive Officer
 One year ago, I closed my letter to you, our valued stockholders, with the following thought: The transformational journey to return U. S. Steel to its status as the iconic American company has begun. During 2014, we made remarkable progress that far exceeded our expectations. That progress certainly includes the $575 million in Carnegie Way benefits we achieved, but our transformation journey is about much more than a single dollar figure. It’s about creating real and sustainable value for all of our stakeholders, including customers, suppliers, employees, unions and stockholders
The Carnegie Way is creating a path to guide our company
back to sustainable profitability.
The Carnegie Way is our framework for who we want – and need – to be as a company and how we can get there. We remain in the early stages of this multiyear journey, but the progress we made in 2014 is a testament to how our employees around the world have embraced our
 like you. It’s about differentiating ourselves from our competition through the development of innovative products, processes and approaches to doing business. And it’s about creating a culture that is rooted in time-tested principles and committed to collaboration, accountability and results at
all levels, allowing United States Steel Corporation to
be viewed as an employer of choice among current and prospective employees.
transformation and how their enthusiasm and creativity are generating exciting new opportunities as our journey continues in 2015.
2014 – A Year in Review
I would like to begin our 2014 review with some reflections on safety. We continued to make progress in our safety journey thanks to the commitment and engagement of
our entire workforce. This progress includes matching
our previous record low for Global Days Away From Work Incidence Rate. Sadly, though, three of our colleagues lost their lives while working in our facilities last year. While we are proud of our improvements and our safety leadership in our industry, we will not be satisfied with just being good at safety. Good is never good enough when it comes to safety; we owe it to each other and our loved ones to be great. You can read about some important safety-related actions we took in 2014 and others that will occur in 2015 at the conclusion of this message.
Throughout 2014, we also demonstrated strong leadership in business matters as employees worked together to transform
our company’s financial performance through The Carnegie Way.
                                                                   
 2
 right to grow by assessing our entire business, changes companywide.
                   Our ultimate objective remains to earn an economic profit regardless of macroeconomic conditions and deliver above- market returns to our stockholders. We are focused on earning the
identifying and prioritizing key risks and projects designed to address them, pinpointing solutions to problems and taking action. Last year, those actions involved making difficult but necessary decisions. Our decisions to indefinitely idle tubular facilities in McKeesport, Pa., and Bellville, Texas, forgo a proposed expansion project at Keetac, halt investment in the carbon alloy facilities at Gary Works, and support the decision by U. S. Steel Canada’s board of directors to apply for relief from its creditors under Canada’s Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (CCAA) were not made easily or taken lightly. The same can be said for decisions in early 2015, due to declining energy prices and a surge of imports, to adjust operations throughout our operating system. Careful study led us to what we believe were the appropriate courses of action. We recognize that we still have difficult problems to solve in many areas, and we remain committed to finding the appropriate solutions in a timely manner.
Our employees’ understanding of our challenges and application of The Carnegie Way also played a critical role in our successful navigation through a series of unexpected events in the first half of 2014. Operational challenges coupled with various negative effects of severe winter weather significantly impacted our North American Flat- Rolled operations. We responded by adopting a “lost and found” management approach that combined collaboration, accountability and our Carnegie Way methodologies to find
improvements to offset lost opportunities. Our “lost and found” process not only helped us overcome our challenges in the short term, but it also led to sustainably beneficial
Another significant challenge occurred when the U.S. Department of Commerce issued a negative preliminary determination in February in our Oil Country Tubular Goods dumping trade case. Employees across our company rallied to our cause, and their efforts, coupled with strong support from the United Steelworkers, paid off in July with a reversal of the preliminary ruling, giving our company and American manufacturing a critical victory in the fight against unfairly traded imports. Work on this case will extend into 2015 due to ongoing appeals at the Court of International Trade and the World Trade Organization, but we will continue our fight in these venues and vigorously defend what we believe is
a just decision. This case has only reinforced our resolve
to proactively and robustly engage our elected officials to ensure that our rules-based system of laws remains strong and serves to maintain a transparent, fair and open market.
As the year advanced, The Carnegie Way gained momentum. Workstreams mobilized at more locations, and teams with more mature Carnegie Way cultures addressed increasingly complex challenges. We also introduced a tiered training experience to teach employees The Carnegie Way Method
– the systematic approach to our business that will drive
our transformation further. The Carnegie Way Method will enhance our employees’ capabilities, create an operational excellence mindset throughout our company and ensure that the changes we make become part of our DNA. More than
                                            
   UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION 2014 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 3
 The Carnegie Way also keeps us focused on our customers. We expect our commercial entities will do just that, creating a more profound, in-depth understanding of their needs.
1,300 employees experienced some aspect of the training in 2014. We expect a significant part of our workforce will complete the first tier of training by the end of 2015, and more targeted groups of employees will participate in the advanced tiers throughout the year.
Another key aspect of our transformation is the implementation of a reliability centered maintenance, or RCM, program at all of our operating facilities. RCM is a structured and disciplined approach to doing maintenance the right way at the right time. Anticipated benefits include improved facility reliability, product quality and delivery performance as well as reduced maintenance costs longer term. In addition, this proactive approach to maintenance has a proven record of improving workplace safety by reducing the likelihood of unplanned outages and by extension the exposure to potential hazards typically associated with them. RCM is exactly the kind of value-added work our company is doing more of every day in order to benefit all stakeholders and drive improved earnings power. While it will take time to fully implement RCM across our company, we started in 2014 and expect this disciplined program to reach all of our facilities by the end of 2015.
As 2014 drew to a close, we announced what we believe is the next logical – and important – step in our Carnegie Way transformation: Realignment within our North American Flat-Rolled, Tubular and U. S. Steel Europe reportable
segments to create a stronger focus on the customer, in addition to our operations. This realignment will not affect our reportable segments as they currently exist, but we expect it will help us achieve three strategic goals:
1) Collaborate better with customers to create and deliver smarter, more innovative solutions in order to be a more customer-centric global solutions provider;
2) Provide focus to Carnegie Way projects within the operating units, including RCM and quality, with a continued commitment to safety; and
3) Continue earning the right to grow by creating clearer, more focused and effective accountability.
We also announced the leaders of this realigned commercial and operating unit structure before year end. The team includes individuals who joined our company with proven track records of expertise in their market segments, leading transformation, cultivating strong customer relationships and fostering innovation. It also includes internal leaders whose business acumen and knowledge of our facilities, industry and customers will drive necessary improvements. This combination of experience and capabilities, coupled with
the skills and expertise exhibited by the rest of our executive team, provides the powerful support our company needs in order to accomplish our goals.
                                                             
   4
The Carnegie Way is our framework for who we want – and need – to be as a company and how we can get there.
 2015 – A Look Ahead
Each new year brings new challenges, and 2015 will surely be no different. Several macroeconomic trends are definite concerns, including softening market conditions impacting our operations, geopolitical issues, declining oil prices, and global overcapacity and a strengthening dollar that have already resulted in unprecedented surges ranging from 19 to 90 percent across all steel products imported to the United States compared to 2013 levels. While these are things we cannot control as a company, we must prepare for them – and The Carnegie Way makes that possible.
Ongoing improvements to our balance sheet put us in a better position to deal with challenges that come with difficult market conditions while giving us the ability to pursue critical projects and infrastructure upgrades in those instances. Among those upgrades is the addition of electric arc furnace (EAF) steelmaking to our operating footprint to increase our operational flexibility. In January 2015, our Board of Directors approved the construction of an EAF. We currently anticipate construction will begin this year and be completed in 2017.
Improved financial performance also allows us to support our increasing focus on innovation and technology,
which includes expanding our research and development capabilities to support the creation of high value-added steel
are just two of the solutions we continue to aggressively pursue, and we expect to share developments in these and other areas in 2015.
The Carnegie Way also keeps us focused on our customers. In today’s global economy and in our highly competitive industry, it is more important than ever to be aligned as closely as possible with our customers and to help them address their ever-changing market demands. We expect our commercial entities will do just that, creating a more profound, in-depth understanding of their needs that can result in better outcomes for both of us.
As well, The Carnegie Way has helped strengthen our relationships with our suppliers as we continue to collaborate with them to create sustainable value. I am encouraged by our efforts so far and believe, like our customer relationships, we will continue to make strong progress in 2015 that will be mutually beneficial.
Internally, we believe our realigned management structure will aid our efforts to become a high-performing organization focused on results, accountability and operational excellence. The structure will provide leaders with the increased focus necessary to drive successful execution of our business goals. It will also encourage the delegation of decision
                                        making to lower levels of our company, further enhancing our
 solutions. Advanced high-strength steels for our automotive
 employees’ capabilities.
  customers and premium connections for the energy industry
                 
                                                                 If we can accomplish these things, as well as further expand Carnegie Way workstream activities, increase awareness and use of The Carnegie Way Method, and aggressively implement our RCM program, in 2015 we can continue to make progress in closing the gap to achieving economic profit throughout the business cycle.
It is important to note that our achievements to date and the path on which we are headed are due largely to our employees’ creativity and commitment to our company and our common cause. Employees from every location that has been touched by The Carnegie Way are contributing great suggestions and focused efforts – from our plant floors and new “visual factory” installations to our business offices,
technical centers and everywhere in between. They are driving our transformation forward in ways and at a pace that is truly remarkable. Even more important is their belief in achieving success in a principled manner. Our transformation will ultimately be defined not just by “what” we achieve but by “how” we achieve it. Our employees understand that, as do our Board of Directors and executive leadership team. The Carnegie Way is creating a path to guide our company back to sustainable profitability, and our decisions will continue
to align with the principles and values that serve as the very foundation of our transformation.
We appreciate the support all of our valued stakeholders – including customers, suppliers, employees, unions and stockholders – have given us during the last year. Our progress to date and our ambitions for the future would not be possible without it, and we sincerely thank you.
Our collective desire to return this great company to the stature of business icon remains strong and unwavering, and we look forward to taking our next steps with you on the path
UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION 2014 ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K 5
  toward achieving that ambition.
     Sincerely,
                  Mario Longhi
    President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                           