                                         a message from our chairman
In 2006, we clearly demonstrated that safety and business performance go hand in hand. Safety is a core value and our company’s top priority. In a year when we set a new record for financial performance, we continued our quest to become a global leader in safety, not just among steel producers, but compared to leading global manufacturers. For the year, we reduced our global rate of recordable incidents by 30 percent, and we achieved a 26 percent reduction in our days away from work cases when compared to 2005. Our employees deserve the credit for our continued progress, and I thank them for making 2006 a much safer year.
In 2006, we reported record financial results and continued the dramatic improvement of our per- formance with the third consecutive year of strong operating and financial results. Net income in 2006 was $1,374 million, or $11.18 per diluted share, compared to 2005 net income of $910 million, or $7.00 per diluted share. Our financial performance allowed us to increase our returns to shareholders. We repurchased 7.3 million shares of common stock for $442 million and doubled our dividend rate to 20 cents per share, paying $69 million in common dividends during the year. Combined with the appreciation in the value of our stock, our total return to shareholders for 2006 reached 53 percent.
We also took several actions to strengthen our capital structure. We invested $612 million in our facilities and retired nearly $600 million of debt.
We made $190 million in voluntary contributions to our domestic benefit plans, and at year-end our defined benefit pension plans were over- funded by a net $210 million. We ended the year with more than $1.4 billion of cash and about $2.6 billion of total liquidity.
We believe that our performance in the fourth quarter, when we generated net income of $297 million while operating our U.S. steelmaking facilities at 67 percent of capability, clearly demonstrates our improved cost structure and the long-term benefit of strategic initiatives that have positioned our company to perform well through the cycles inherent in our business.
In 2006, the largest portion of our $612 million in capital spending was devoted to infrastructure improvements including the replacement of coke oven walls at our Clairton cokemaking facility near Pittsburgh. Market-driven projects included construction of our new automotive-quality gal- vanizing line at U. S. Steel Kosice, now in the startup phase, and improvements to our Midwest Plant’s 72-inch galvanizing line. We also invested in environmental improvements in the United States and Europe. Capital spending in 2007 is projected to be $750 million, which will again focus largely on rebuilding infrastructure and
will include cost reductions, environmental improvements and market-driven investments. Among our domestic projects are continued work on coke ovens at Clairton, mining equipment for our Minnesota Ore Operations and energy-related projects at Granite City. Our European projects include completion of the new galvanizing line in Slovakia, a blast furnace reline in Serbia and environmental projects at both operations.
ˆ

                                            We recently launched two strategic initiatives that should enable us to better manage increasing energy costs and environmental issues. Our Carbon Dioxide Reduction Team has been charged with developing and implementing a comprehensive, accurate approach to gathering carbon dioxide data from our operating facilities, which will enable us to better participate in public policy discussionsonglobalwarming.Wealsoestablished a Corporate Energy Management Policy and Steering Team, which is focusing on decreasing energy consumption, improving energy cost effi- ciency and reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
We continue to address workforce diversity, which is one of our company’s five core values. As our workforce evolves and we compete for the best available talent, we must establish an inclusive culture that values everyone and encourages each individual to attain his or her full potential. Hiring and retaining the best people is essential to a successful future for our company.
Later this year, we will publish our first Citizenship Report, which will focus on our core strategies and values as well as on what we are doing in the areas of corporate, economic, social and environ- mental responsibility. We have been a leader in many of these areas since our corporation was founded, and this report will shine a light on our accomplishments. My friend and colleague, Dan Sandman, who retired at the end of January 2007 as vice chairman of our board of directors and our chief legal and administrative officer, was the architect of this new report. A strong advocate of good corporate governance and sound ethical business practices, Dan will be remembered as
having served Marathon Oil, USX and U. S. Steel for more than 34 years with integrity, compassion and vision.
In 2003, U. S. Steel was perceived as struggling financially, and our stock traded as low as $9.61 per share. Our financial accomplishments over the past three years, however, have been extraordinary. In the period from 2004 through 2006, we averaged $1.6 billion of income from operations and
$1.1 billion of net income per year. By the end of 2006, we had decreased our debt by almost
$1 billion, increased stockholders’ equity by $3.2 billion and improved the funded status of our employee benefit plans by more than $750 million. We also rewarded our shareholders by increasing our quarterly dividend rate four times and repurchasing almost $700 million of common stock.
We look forward to another strong, safe and financially successful year in 2007, but how we do will ultimately depend upon the world economy and the supply/demand balance for our industry. How China manages its steelmaking overcapacity will be key.
We will aggressively defend our company against the effects of state-supported unfair trade, and we will continue our balanced and strategic approach to managing our company in the best interest of all our stakeholders.
We thank you for your support. Sincerely,
John P. Surma
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
 