                Chairman’s Message
In a year of dramatic change for steelmakers worldwide, U. S. Steel moved aggressively to strengthen the com- pany’s position as a global industry leader. We acquired the assets of two steel companies, one in the United
States and one in Serbia, increasing our global annual raw steelmaking capability by 50 percent, from 17.8 million tons to 26.8 million tons, strengthening our status as the nation’s number one steelmaker, and making us the sixth largest producer in the world. Corporate and plant initia- tives led to lower costs and increased productivity, and an innovative labor agreement with the United Steelworkers of America (USWA) provided us the flexibility to staff and operate our domestic facilities on a world-competitive basis.
The investment community responded favorably to
our efforts, and the price of U. S. Steel stock improved significantly. We continued to implement a good, solid business strategy, growing our value-added production capabilities, expanding our global business platform, and reducing costs. Our company had revenues of $9.5 billion in 2003 and generated a loss of $463 million, including a sizeable restructuring charge. Our return to our common shareholders for the year was 170 percent. While some
of the strategies that were implemented had significant up-front costs, they positioned U. S. Steel for long-term profitability across the cycles inherent in our business. We are committed to delivering a strong, sustained return on those investments and to continuing to reduce costs and improve our return on capital.
Looking back at 2003, several events stand out as key in helping to position U. S. Steel for the future. Early in the year, our leadership team was strengthened when John Surma was named president and chief operating officer; Gretchen Haggerty, executive vice president, treasurer and chief financial officer; and John Goodish, executive vice president of operations. Each of these individuals has demonstrated exceptional leadership skills and is commit- ted to making U. S. Steel a world-class competitor.
In May, U. S. Steel completed the acquisition of the assets of National Steel, strengthening our position in domestic flat-rolled markets and creating synergies that led to cost reductions. With our combined capabilities, we were able to eliminate costs associated with redundant operations and administrative activities, extend production runs, and ship more cost effectively. The company also realized an immediate increase in our share of key value-added mar- kets, including automotive, tin products, and construction.
At the same time, U. S. Steel and the USWA reached a five-year labor agreement that enabled the National ac- quisition to take place and furthered our mutual interests by paving the way for changes that will make us more competitive over the long-term. The agreement, which covers both U. S. Steel and former National employees, laid the foundation for a workforce restructuring aimed
at achieving a 20 percent productivity improvement and cost-sharing mechanisms for employee and retiree health- care expenses.
Also in May, U. S. Steel launched the Administrative Pro- cess Transformation project, with the goal of creating an overall administrative process that is globally cost com- petitive. To date, we have achieved a 20 percent increase in productivity among our non-represented workforce and are well on our way to creating an organizational structure and process that will reduce costs and facilitate continu- ous improvement.
In September, we expanded our global business platform by acquiring Serbian steelmaker Sartid a.d. and its related subsidiaries. Now called U. S. Steel Balkan, this newest member of the U. S. Steel family has an annual raw steel design production capability of 2.4 million net tons and complements our operations at U. S. Steel Kosice in the Slovak Republic. Together, these facilities give us a European annual raw steel capability of 7.4 million
net tons and access to markets with excellent growth potential.
   
                Although the Section 201 steel tariffs were lifted in Sep- tember, current economic conditions are improving. The decline in the value of the dollar, the dramatic increase in the cost of shipping, and the strong demand for steel in China have slowed imports to the United States. Fewer imports and increased demand have had a positive effect on steel pricing. China’s continued demand for steel and raw materials is expected to keep import levels down
and the price of raw materials up throughout 2004. As a vertically integrated steelmaker with our own domestic supplies of iron ore and coke and limited requirements for scrap, the current economic climate improves U. S. Steel’s competitive cost position.
Throughout the year, a number of business decisions were made to sharpen the focus on our core businesses. The company sold coal seam gas interests in Alabama; com- pleted the sale of our coal mining assets; finalized a trade of our plate business for a pickling operation; and made the decision to shut down Straightline Source.
U. S. Steel received two significant honors in 2003. In April, we were named the 2002 General Motors Sup- plier of the Year for Flat Steel Products. In presenting the award, GM said that our “performance and contributions have been critical in helping GM to become the industry’s low-cost producer of high-quality vehicles.” At a ceremo- ny in October in Washington, DC, we received the Secre- tary of State’s 2003 Award for Corporate Excellence from Secretary of State Colin Powell. The award recognized us for our outstanding corporate citizenship, innovation, and exemplary international business practices in the Slovak Republic and for exhibiting the qualities of conscience, character, and integrity. Both of these awards reflect honor on the men and women who earned them.
As part of our commitment to environmental steward- ship, U. S. Steel reached an historic agreement with the Black Warrior-Cahaba Rivers Land Trust in Alabama. The agreement puts 753 acres of land and more than 20 miles
Thomas J. Usher
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
of waterway under the Trust’s protection and provides
$1 million to support recreational development in the area. The company believes this transaction not only protects an important ecosystem, but also improves the quality of life and economic viability of the community.
By involving employees at all levels of the company,
U. S. Steel continues to make noteworthy improvements to safety programs and processes. As a result of our ef- forts, in 2003, total OSHA recordable rates improved by 16 percent across our domestic operations, and serious injuries requiring days away from work improved by 38 percent. Although we are pleased with this progress, we expect even greater improvement in 2004. U. S. Steel is benchmarking world-class safety performers as the com- pany looks to integrate new initiatives to ensure that all of our employees go home safely to their families at the end of every day.
Looking forward, U. S. Steel believes the strengthening economy will continue to create increased demand for steel. Our order books are strong through the first quarter of 2004; the company is producing at near capacity; and we are implementing price increases across all of our product lines as the market dictates.
The company also expects to see additional consolida- tion within the steel industry, both domestically and internationally. And with total liquidity in excess of
$1 billion at year-end 2003, we have the financial strength to participate in further consolidation activity. We will do so, however, only when we are absolutely convinced that such action is in the long-term best interest of U. S. Steel and our stakeholders.
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
         John P. Surma
President and
Chief Operating Officer
       