 A Message From Our
Chairman
Several years ago, United States Steel Corporation established a very aggressive goal—to become a global leader in safety, not just among steel companies, but compared to other leading manu- facturers. Statistics show that safety leaders also tend to be the best in terms of productivity, quality, reliability and financial performance. As a result
of this commitment, in 2005, we made dramatic improvements in our safety performance. Our global OSHA recordable case rate improved by
42 percent, and we achieved a 65 percent reduction in days away from work cases. Our employees deserve the credit for this improvement, which has been facilitated by ongoing cooperation with union leadership, both in the United States and Europe.
Our 2005 earnings were the second highest on record, with net income of $910 million on $14.0 billion in revenues, compared to net income of $1.1 billion on $14.0 billion in revenues in 2004.
Our ability to perform well despite several major blast furnace rebuilds and lower domestic flat-rolled shipments can be attributed to a number of factors, including continued strong performance from our European operations, our strong tubular results due to booming energy markets, our excellent domestic raw materials position, and our flexibility in operating our expanded domestic flat-rolled operations. Our flat-rolled, tubular and European
business segments each generated more than $500 million in income from operations for the year.
Our domestic flat-rolled operations, with five
steel producing locations, have given us increased flexibility to adjust production—in some cases by moving forward or extending maintenance sched- ules—to match the needs of the market and to avoid excessive inventory. This flexibility was critical in the major rebuild of our largest blast furnace, Gary Works No. 14, formerly No. 13. We took the furnace offline in May, completely rebuilt it, restarted it in late January and began producing iron at a rate of 8,000 to 9,000 tons per day in February. The new furnace is expected to have a campaign life of 20 years.
In Europe, we are increasingly moving into the high-value added markets. At U. S. Steel Kosice (USSK), we broke ground for a new hot-dip galvanizing line, which is expected to come on line in 2007. With an annual capability of 350,000 metric tons, the new facility will serve the growing demand for high quality coated sheet products in the Central European automotive and construction industries. We also restarted U. S. Steel Balkan’s (USSB) long- idled second blast furnace after a major rebuild. In addition, we rebuilt our No. 2 blast furnace at USSK. With its restart in October, we became fully operational in Europe for the first time since acquiring USSB at the end of 2003.
  2005 Annual Report 1
  
 We have a number of major initiatives under way focused on improving our reliability while reducing costs. In addition to the major blast furnace projects, in 2005, we implemented a global procurement initiative to achieve economies of scale while working with fewer business partners. We rolled out our processed products initiative, which centralizes and standardizes the movement and tracking of domestic flat-rolled products shipped to processors. Other major initiatives are in progress to improve supply chain and materials management.
In 2005, we also introduced two important human resources initiatives. Our diversity program will advance company-wide diversity and inclusion strategies aimed at attracting and retaining the best talent for our company. Our new performance and rewards program more closely links employee per- formance with company performance. The program emphasizes performance against corporate, department and individual objectives, and takes into account safety performance and return on capital employed to determine short-term incentives. The program is competitive with those of other major companies, enabling us to continue to recruit and retain the talent we need.
In July 2005, we announced that our Board of Directors had approved the repurchase of up to eight million shares of our common stock, and we repurchased 5.8 million shares under this program for a total cost of $254 million. In January 2006, this program was replenished to eight million shares.
As we begin 2006, markets remain strong for our major business segments, and several major infra- structure projects are now complete. We have talented and dedicated employees focused on our core values and key strategies to build on the progress of the previous two years. We believe our stock buy-back program along with the doubling of our common stock dividend in 2005 demonstrates our optimism for the future of our company and our commitment to improving shareholder value.
John P. Surma
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
   United States Steel Corporation 2
 