James J. Howard
Chairman of the Board
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
Although we’ve been operating as a merged corporation for only six months, we can confidently predict that for Xcel Energy, the sky’s the limit. Our optimism is based in part on the fact that we’ve already met many of the commitments we made going into the merger.
We promised to complete the transaction in a timely fashion, and we accomplished it on schedule. We promised to deliver solid earnings as a stand-alone corporation, and we met our earnings target. We prom- ised to achieve merger savings of $1.1 billion over 10 years, and we increased our goal to $1.4 billion. We promised to aggressively grow our subsidiary, NRG Energy, and it’s now the fifth-largest independent power producer (IPP) in the world. We promised to unlock the value of NRG, and we successfully launched a portion of the company in an initial public offering (IPO). We promised to provide excellent customer service, and we received the highest customer satisfaction rating for utilities with a million or more electric customers in a J.D. Power and Associates survey released in 2000.
As you can see, we’re off to a powerful start, and our future is bright with possibilities. In fact, Electric Light & Power magazine was so impressed with our accomplishments, the magazine named us Utility of the Year for 2000.
Wayne H. Brunetti
President and Chief Executive Officer
Delivering shareholder value is our top priority. As the fourth-largest combination natural gas and electric utility in the nation, we now have the size and scope to grow our businesses and take advantage of new opportunities. Our goal is to increase annual Xcel Energy earnings by 7 to 9 percent on average and to achieve and maintain a dividend payout ratio of 60 to 65 percent of earnings. We expect to achieve earnings of $2.20 per share in 2001.
Once again, we’re starting strong. Xcel Energy’s operating earnings for 2000 were $2.12 per share, excluding special charges and extraordinary items, compared with $1.77 per share in 1999. Regulated operating earnings for 2000 were $1.70 per share, excluding special charges and extraordinary items, compared with $1.51 per share for 1999. The earnings increase was attributable to higher revenues from sales growth, trading operations and overall strong operating and financial performance from our regulated utility business. Nonregulated earnings for 2000, excluding special charges, were $0.42 per share, compared with $0.26 per share for 1999. Xcel Energy’s earnings for 2000, including the impact of special charges and extraordinary items, were $1.54 per share, compared with $1.70 per share in 1999.
We’re also pleased to report that the total return on your Xcel Energy shares was 58.4 percent for 2000,
 XCEL ENERGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
  2

which exceeded the 48-percent total return of the Edison Electric Institute electric index as well as the S&P 500, which dropped 9 percent.
Going forward, we will operate from a dual-growth platform. One avenue of growth is our competitive sub- sidiary group, led by NRG Energy, Inc. Since 1998, NRG has grown from just over 3,000 megawatts of owned generation to more than 15,000 megawatts at the end of 2000. NRG’s earnings have grown 94 percent annually on average since 1997.
To fund NRG’s continuing growth, we offered 18 percent of the company to the public in 2000 – becoming the first utility to launch an IPO of an IPP subsidiary. Later this year, we will follow up with an additional offering, further supporting NRG’s continued expansion. Xcel Energy now owns 82 percent of NRG. In 2000, NRG contributed $0.46, or 22 percent, to Xcel Energy earnings, compared with $0.17 per share on a 100-percent ownership basis in 1999. In 2001, NRG is expected to provide almost 25 percent of Xcel Energy’s earnings.
Our utility businesses offer a second growth avenue, in part because we’re reaping the benefits of a diverse and growing service territory. Both Minneapolis and Denver, our primary urban areas, are thriving. In 2000, we added more than 120,000 new natural
gas and electric customers, the equivalent cus-
tomer base of a small investor-owned utility. With operations in 12 states, we achieve diversity in many areas – from weather to customer mix to regulatory treatment – which enables us to spread benefits and risks across a wider base, an important attribute as
we move into a competitive market.
For Xcel Energy, competition means oppor- tunity. This is an exciting time to be in the energy business. Markets are expanding, rules are changing and the pace is quickening. With oper- ations in the Eastern, Western and Southern United States, NRG is well-positioned to bene- fit from the new environment. The same is true for our other businesses. One of the best examples of our success is in the wholesale electric market. In the past year alone, we’ve significantly increased wholesale trading margins, thanks to our expertise and growing sophistication in this dynamic segment of the electric industry.
But these are also turbulent times for the
energy business. In California, an electricity shortage and problems in the design of the state’s restructured retail market led to rolling blackouts and high prices.
Across the nation, a supply-and-demand imbalance in the natural gas industry sent wholesale gas prices soaring.
Under the circumstances, we recognize that our customers are relying on us more than ever for our energy expertise. They want us to find solutions to energy supply problems and help them cope with high energy bills. In the short term, we continue to provide customers with information about conserving energy and make them aware of energy assistance programs, which we help fund. In the long term, we are working with legislators and regulators in our local jurisdictions to create market incentives that will attract investment in electric generation and transmission facilities. We want to ensure our service territory continues to have an ample supply of energy, which is the only way
to keep prices competitive and fuel economic growth.
  XCEL ENERGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
3

   We also recognize the need for a national energy policy. Utilities no longer operate as isolated entities. Ours is a global market with issues as broad-ranging as energy supply to nuclear waste storage that require comprehensive thought and planning. We cannot let the promise of free and open markets be stifled by short-sighted solutions or the complexities of the current situation. An adequate energy supply at affordable prices is a necessity for our customers and our country.
Xcel Energy – through its predecessors – has a long history of meeting the challenges of a changing industry. We had the foresight and initiative to enter the nuclear power business early, and we continue to make that work. We used low-sulfur coal and added emission controls to our power plants long before environmental regulations required it. We have a proven record of identifying actions and successfully executing them, often before it is standard practice. That’s why we have every confidence that Xcel Energy will not only weather the current storm but thrive – and our customers and shareholders will benefit.
As we navigate these new waters, we are rigorously examining all of our regulated utility businesses to determine how best to position them in a competitive environment. We are creating a business model that will enable us to deliver excellent customer service at a low price, while we continue to look for opportunities to grow. We are managing our nonregulated businesses as a portfolio. If they no longer deliver value for you, we will restructure or sell them.
One of the best examples of positioning our businesses for the future is the innovative system we created for operating our nuclear plants. With increasing regulation and costs, owners of one or two nuclear plants find it challenging to remain viable in a competi- tive market. Some utilities are selling their nuclear plants. Others are shutting down units prematurely.
We took a different approach by forming the Nuclear Management Company (NMC) in 1999 with three other utilities to operate our nuclear plants, as well as those of the other utilities. As operator, NMC employs best practices across the fleet of plants.
It takes advantage of economies of scale. And it ensures continued safe, reliable operations – all of which enhances value for you. In August 2000, we officially transferred operating authority to NMC. In November, Consumers Energy joined NMC, transferring operating responsibility of its Palisades nuclear plant. Today, NMC operates six nuclear plants, which have a far brighter future than they did previously.
The same kind of innovative approach that created NMC will guide us in other endeavors as we go forward. We will take advantage of new technology. We will design new products and services to meet customers’ needs and improve their lives. We will pursue energy- related business opportunities when they add value. We will explore creative partnerships with vendors that leverage our effectiveness.
And while we’re being innovative, we will honor the tried and true commitments that have always been important to us. We remain committed to supporting the communities in our service territory and to protecting the environment. We remain committed to providing employees with meaningful work and to ensuring that everyone is treated with respect. Our future is bright because we have an experienced leadership team and talented, energetic employees with an excellent work ethic.
In fact, our employees were remarkable during the merger. While they worked tirelessly to complete the transaction, they also stayed focused on the needs of our customers and continued to provide safe, reliable energy. As we build the new company, they remain equally committed to outstanding customer service and to delivering value for you.
Consider again our list of attributes: size and scope, strong financials, growth opportunities, creative employees, a thriving service territory, a history of managing change and an innovative approach to growing shareholder value. There’s no doubt about it. The sky’s the limit – and we’re ready to soar. Thank you for your continued trust and support.
Sincerely,
James J. Howard
Chairman of the Board
Wayne H. Brunetti
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 2, 2001
   XCEL ENERGY INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
4
