    Dear Shareholders
Despite the challenges of a global financial crisis and economic downturn, Xcel Energy delivered solid results in 2008. We met the majority of our financial targets, including our dividend goal. We continued to invest in our core businesses to meet customer energy needs and build long-term value for you. And we remained strongly committed to environmental leadership and the health of our communities.
Responsible By NatureTM, the theme of this report and our new corporate tagline, describes Xcel Energy’s long-standing approach to all of our commitments. Simply put, responsibility is part of everything we do. We take our obligations to shareholders, customers and our communities seriously—and our results prove that we work hard to deliver on our goals.
Delivering financial results
Ongoing earnings for 2008 were $1.45 per share, compared with $1.43 per share in 2007. That means we met the lower end of our earnings guidance range of $1.45 to $1.50 per share,
but fell short of our long-term earnings growth objective of 5 percent to 7 percent.
Several factors affected 2008 results. We benefited from additional revenue from rate cases and other regulatory rules. But we also experienced slowing sales growth. In fact, weather-adjusted residential sales were flat for the year.
Because we closely monitor projected earnings throughout the year, we were able to take steps to ensure we would meet our 2008 target. The most
notable action was to eliminate our annual incentive compensation for employees.
We were fortunate to raise $2.3 billion in financing before the market collapse, which will enable us
to continue to invest in our businesses, despite challenges in the capital markets. And we benefited from improved credit ratings from Standard & Poor’s, which upgraded the senior unsecured
credit ratings at three of our operating companies.
Most important to you, we increased our dividend by 3 cents per share, or 3 percent. That means we met our goal to increase the dividend every year by 2 percent to 4 percent, which remains
our long-term objective.
Looking ahead to 2009, we’ve established an earnings guidance range of $1.45 to $1.55 per share. If we achieve the midpoint of that range, we will be delivering modest growth compared with our long-term objective. But we also believe that as soon as the economy returns to a normal level of productivity, we will be in a strong position to resume our long-term earnings growth rate.
Keeping our commitments
We continued to execute our corporate strategy to meet customer needs and grow our businesses through environmental leadership. Meeting the need for reliable energy requires significant investments, but before we invest, we work
with regulators and legislators to ensure that
the regulatory rules are in place to enable us
to recover our costs and earn a fair return.
Xcel energy 2008 Annual Report
  page 3
Letter to Shareholders
  
       Jim Zyduck, plant director, High Bridge
As part of a major effort to reduce emissions, Xcel Energy converted its High Bridge generating plant from a coal-fired to a natural gas facility. In addition to improving the environment, the conversion added generating capacity to the plant.
 
   As part of that strategy, we reached satisfactory conclusions in 2008 in regulatory cases in Wisconsin and North Dakota, and filed additional rate cases in Minnesota, Colorado and New Mexico, which should add revenue this year.
We also are making excellent progress on several large construction projects.
In Minnesota, we completed the conversion
of our High Bridge plant from a coal-fired to a natural gas facility. The project is part of a larger emission-reduction effort that included completely refurbishing our coal-fired King plant and ongoing work to convert our Riverside plant from coal to natural gas. Overall, the effort, which should be complete this year, adds about 300 megawatts
of generating capacity while significantly
reducing emissions.
In Colorado, work progressed on Comanche 3,
a 750-megawatt generating unit at our Comanche coal-fired facility near Pueblo that should be operational this year. It’s a project we started several years ago after reaching a comprehensive settlement with several prominent environmental groups. We will own 500 megawatts of the new unit and are fitting all three units with advanced emission-reduction equipment. As a result,
we will more than double the capacity of the entire Comanche facility, while lowering overall sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions
from the plant.
Significant investment in our transmission system prepares us for a clean energy future. With new construction and various upgrades, we will be able to deliver much more renewable energy than ever before. In Minnesota and Colorado, we are working with other energy companies to develop transmission plans to meet regional needs. In
Texas, we are strengthening our transmission system to support strong agricultural and industrial demand for electricity in the Panhandle and accommodate more wind interconnections.
Once again, our large capital projects provide opportunities to build financial value for you, while increasing reliability and improving the environment.
Caring for the environment
In fact, environmental leadership drives all of our energy resource decisions, and our record illustrates the strength of that commitment.
For the third year in a row, Xcel Energy was the No. 1 provider of wind energy in the nation, according to the American Wind Energy Association. We had almost 3,000 megawatts
of wind energy on our system at the end of 2008, with plans to include about 7,400 megawatts by 2020. And we launched an effort to own more of that wind energy when our 100-megawatt Grand Meadow wind farm began commercial operations at the end of the year. We also signed contracts for the development of another 351 megawatts of owned wind in southwestern Minnesota and North Dakota.
We are making great strides in the solar arena, too. We’re No. 5 in the nation for solar power capacity and manage a fast-growing program
in Colorado called Solar*Rewards that offers rebates to residential and business customers for installing on-site solar systems. Applications for the program increased significantly last year, and we are expanding the effort to New Mexico. We also announced plans to acquire up to 600 megawatts of concentrating solar power, with
Xcel energy 2008 Annual Report
  page 5
 
       Sandy Simon, director, Utility Innovations and Smart Grid Strategy
The company is exploring smart grid technologies that will enable customers to better manage their energy use and give Xcel Energy more options to monitor and operate its electric system.
 
   storage capability. Having the ability to store the solar power will enable us to use the energy when we need it most.
On another renewable energy front, we are planning to install innovative biomass gasification technology on an existing coal-fired unit at our Bay Front plant in Wisconsin. The project would make Bay Front the largest biomass plant in the Midwest and one of the largest in the nation. Pending regulatory approval, engineering and design work would begin in 2010 and the project would be complete in late 2012.
Environmental leadership is an important consideration as we invest in our nuclear plants, which are safe and reliable, with no greenhouse gas emissions. We’ve filed applications to renew the operating licenses of two units at our Prairie Island facility, and to make modifications to increase the generating capacity of both our Prairie Island and Monticello nuclear plants. In addition, we are seeking to add more storage for spent nuclear fuel at Prairie Island.
Of course, one of the most effective ways to protect the environment is to work with customers to save energy and manage its use, which we’ve done for more than two decades. In a time of rising energy prices, conservation is the best
way for customers to manage their energy costs. Although our conservation effort is significant
and long-standing, we are increasing it to meet growing standards in our service territory.
Taking advantage
of new technology
As our renewable energy portfolio grows and environmental regulations increase, we are exploring new technologies to enable us to fully realize our environmental goals. In Minnesota,
we are testing the ability of large batteries to store wind power, which is a promising effort. As with solar power, one of the challenges of wind power is its intermittency. If we could store the electricity and use it when we need it most, we could address that challenge. We also are working to discover better ways of predicting the amount
of electricity a wind farm can generate at any one time.
On the solar energy front, we’ve collaborated
with partners to form the Solar Technology Acceleration Center, a world-class facility focused on commercializing new solar energy technologies.
In Colorado, we are testing a variety of smart grid technologies in Boulder, which we’ve designated as our SmartGridCityTM. The technologies allow two-way communication with customers and give those customers many options for managing their energy use. They can decide, for example, when to operate their appliances based on cost or environmental considerations. They can go online to determine how much energy they’re using at a particular time of day. A smart grid benefits Xcel Energy as well, allowing us to better manage our own system. For example, we can use networking technology to monitor and react to what’s happening at any given moment, which improves efficiency and prevents outages.
Xcel energy 2008 Annual Report
  page 7
 
     Responsible By NatureTM
We feature employee profiles in this report and the accompanying DVD because the people
of Xcel Energy embody the company’s responsibilities. Our line crews, for example, illustrate their commitment to customers every time they are called to repair damage after a
storm and work around the clock in all weather conditions. The employees who diligently work behind the scenes on regulatory filings, accounting ledgers or legislative reports are just as focused on our commitments.
Throughout 2008, an employee-driven effort called the Performance Excellence Program (PEP) took a comprehensive look at how Xcel Energy operates—finding efficiencies and ways to reduce costs and increase productivity. The PEP effort, which continues this year, is another example
of Xcel Energy employees focusing on making Xcel Energy the best utility it can be.
Our employees and retirees also care about our communities. Even in a tough economy, they pledged more than $2.6 million to support local United Way efforts. Xcel Energy matches those pledges dollar for dollar, giving more than
$5.2 million to United Way in our latest effort. Our employees also are excellent volunteers, donating their time and talents to a wide range of organizations.
In addition, Xcel Energy supports the community through Xcel Energy Foundation grants, in-kind donations to nonprofit organizations and matching gifts. Those contributions, combined with our environmental leadership, enabled us to make
the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI)
for North America for the third year in a row. Companies listed on the DJSI are considered to be best in class in economic, environmental and social performance.
Moving forward
Looking to the future, we will continue to meet customer needs and grow our businesses through environmental leadership, while delivering on
our financial objectives. Our commitments won’t change. At the same time, we will closely monitor economic conditions, remaining flexible and ready to act on any opportunity or challenge. In today’s economic environment, it’s important to maintain a strong balance sheet, and we will do that. Those efforts will enable us to stay strong and continue to build value for you. As always, we appreciate your trust and support.
Finally, we would like to thank three members of our board of directors who are leaving
the board this year. Douglas Leatherdale, Roger Hemminghaus and A. Barry Hirschfeld have served us well for many years. We sincerely appreciate their valuable contributions and wish them well.
Sincerely,
Richard C. Kelly
Chairman, President and CEO
    Responsible By NatureTM We invite you to view Responsible By NatureTM, a DVD that features Xcel Energy employees who are committed to their customers, their communities and the environment. The DVD also includes profiles of Chairman, President and CEO
Dick Kelly and Executive Vice President and CFO Ben Fowke.
  