 Letter to Shareholders
 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
2006 was an outstanding year for Xcel Energy. We achieved excellent results on many fronts, continued to capture the benefits of our corporate strategy, accelerated our efforts to improve the environment and strengthened our foundation for future success. In addition to building value for you, our achievements make a real difference
to our customers, communities and employees.They are indeed Results that really matter and prove that we are serious about our commitments. Let’s look back at 2006.
strong financial results We achieved financial results at the top of our expectations when we recorded earnings from continuing operations of $569 million, or $1.35 per share on a diluted basis.That compares with $499 million, or $1.20 per share, in 2005.Total earnings for the year, which include the impact of discontinued operations, were $572 million, or $1.36 per share, com- pared with $513 million, or $1.23 per share, in 2005.
Retail electric sales growth and electric and natural gas rate increases significantly contributed to our results. We also benefited from revenue associated with investments in emission-reduction projects and increased earnings due to the resolution of various tax issues. Our results were partially offset by expected increases to operating and maintenance and depreciation expenses, and lower short-term wholesale margins.
The momentum we established in 2006 leads us to believe we can achieve earnings from continuing operations in the range of $1.35 to $1.45 per share in 2007. Our goal, in fact, is to grow earnings per share an average of 5 percent to 7 percent annually.
We also want to grow your annual dividend rate at 2 percent to 4 percent per year. In 2006, we increased it by
3 cents per share, a 3.5 percent increase. With strong financial performance, consistent earnings growth and a growing dividend, we will continue to deliver an attractive, low-risk total return to you.
a successful strategy Our2006financialresults illustrate that our Building the Core corporate strategy is working well. As you recall, our plan is to invest in our core electric and natural gas businesses to meet the growing energy needs of our customers and then earn a fair return on those investments.
Progress continued in 2006 on a number of large invest- ments, including a $1 billion project to replace two Minnesota coal-fired plants with natural gas combined- cycle units and to refurbish a third plant with advanced emission-reduction equipment.The effort will reduce air emissions significantly, improve the reliability of the units and add 300 megawatts to our generating capacity.
In Colorado, construction is under way at Comanche 3, a 750-megawatt generating unit at our Comanche coal-fired
 
  A RECORD YEAR
for transmission inVestments
       4
EXCELLENCE Xcel Energy employees strive for excellence in all aspects of their work, whether they are operating power plants, maintaining transmission lines or managing construction projects.
 XCEL ENERGY 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

  facility near Pueblo. We will own 500 megawatts of the new unit, which should begin producing electricity by the fall of 2009. Despite the fact that we will more than double the capacity of the entire Comanche facility, overall sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions will decline significantly. That’s because we are fitting all three generating units with advanced emission- reduction equipment. Our investment is $1.35 billion, including transmission costs.
On the transmission side of our business, 2006 was a record year for investments, including a project in Minnesota that
will deliver more wind power from the western part of the state to the Minneapolis and St. Paul metropolitan area. We also launched CapX 2020, a collaborative effort with other utilities, co-ops and municipals that addresses transmission needs in the Upper Midwest through the year 2020.
earning our authorized return In executing our corporate strategy, we’ve successfully worked with stakeholders to create regulatory mechanisms that allow us to earn a fair return on major investments. In the regulatory arena in 2006, we reached constructive conclusions in electric rate cases in Colorado and Minnesota, and in an electric and natural gas case in Wisconsin. We also requested natural gas rate increases in Minnesota, Colorado and North Dakota, and those cases should be decided later this summer. InTexas, we’ve requested an electric rate increase that should be finalized in the second quarter of 2007.
Constructive regulatory results enable us to put capital back into our system. Success builds on success, as we like to say. Looking to the future, we are pursuing several new projects, including improvements to our Sherburne County coal-fired
plant in Minnesota, our own wind farm in Minnesota and natural gas transportation and storage facilities in Colorado. All of the projects are either preliminary or pending regulatory approval,
of course, but each will meet our customers’ need for additional energy, provide earnings opportunities and protect the environment.
an outstanding enVironmental record Environ- mental protection is a core value and, once again, we have the results to prove our commitment.
On the renewable energy front, we are the No. 1 utility provider of wind power in the nation, with almost 1,300 megawatts on our system at the end of 2006. By the end of 2007, we plan to have at least 2,800 megawatts.
Our Windsource program remains the nation’s largest voluntary wind energy program, according to the U.S. Department of Energy’s National Renewable Energy Laboratory.The ranking
is based on the total number of customers participating. At the end of 2006, we had more than 57,000 customers in Colorado, Minnesota and New Mexico who were paying a little more on their bills each month to support the development of wind power.
In another renewable energy venture, we’ve contracted to build an 8-megawatt central solar power plant in Colorado.The facility will house two solar technologies that will be the largest of their kind in the United States. We expect the plant to be operating at the end of the year.
Innovative technology will enable us to take our environmental efforts even further. For example, we’ve committed $6 million to study the feasibility of using a clean coal technology called inte- grated gasification combined cycle (IGCC) to produce electricity. We hope it will enable us to use Western coal at high altitudes
 
      CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP Xcel Energy supports the communities in its service territory with corporate contributions, United Way donations, grants to nonprofit organizations and a program to match employee gifts. Employees and retirees also volunteer their time in many ways.
   40%
corporate contributions
28%
united way
27%
grants
5%
matching gifts
     6
xcel energy foundation and corporate citizenship 2006
XCEL ENERGY 2006 ANNUAL REPORT

  and actually capture carbon dioxide emissions. If the feasibility project goes according to plan, we’d begin construction of an IGCC facility in 2010.
We also are working with the U.S. Department of Energy on a project that uses wind power to create hydrogen. The hydrogen could be stored and used to generate electricity when the wind isn’t blowing or be used as a transportation fuel.
Last but not least, we’ve worked with customers for more than two decades to conserve energy and manage its use. In 2006, we helped them conserve more than 305 gigawatt-hours of electricity, the equivalent amount of power used by 32,000 homes in one year.
Our environmental results give us the credibility to call for a national strategy to address global climate change, which we believe is a genuine concern. A national plan should encourage and set fair ground rules for the kind of efforts Xcel Energy already is pursuing, including renewable energy, new environ- mental technology, conservation and emission-free nuclear energy. We continue to work with a variety of stakeholders
on the climate change issue.
operational excellence Operational results across the company also were outstanding in 2006. Our Energy Supply business area, for example, ended the year with excellent safety results and major capital projects on schedule. Employees kept power plants operating despite difficulties such as hot weather, low water supply and lower coal inventories. In our nuclear area, we received permission from the Nuclear Regulatory Commis- sion to extend the operating license of our Monticello nuclear plant to the year 2030, and the plant set a continuous-run operating record of 637 days.
Reliability is an important measure of operational success for our electric business, too. For several years, we’ve invested in reliability improvements, and those efforts are paying off. In 2006, Xcel Energy significantly improved electric reliability based on a measure that includes both the number of service interruptions and the amount of time a customer is out of service. Reliability improvements, favorable weather and the skill and expertise of our employees put us in the top quartile for reliability, as measured by the Edison Electric Institute (EEI), an association of U.S. shareholder-owned electric companies.
a g e n u i n e c o m m i t m e n t t o c o m m u n i t y Our commit- ment to the communities we serve is as compelling as our obligation to customers. We contribute to their well-being with the volunteer efforts of our employees and retirees as well as our corporate donations. In 2006, Xcel Energy’s contributions to the community were valued at more than $15 million, including Xcel Energy Foundation grants, in-kind donations to nonprofit organizations, matching gifts and United Way contributions. Our employees and retirees pledged more than $2 million to support local United Way efforts, which the Foundation matched for a total contribution of more than $4 million. Employees also donated more than 35,000 hours of their time to help others.
As proud as we are of our efforts, you don’t have to take our word for Xcel Energy’s success. We were delighted to receive important outside recognition in 2006, including EEI’s Edison Award, which is the electric power industry’s highest honor. The award recognized us for our pursuit of excellence in customer service and operations, and our commitment to cutting-edge technological innovation. In particular, EEI cited Utility Innovations, an effort that we initiated with several lead- ing technology vendors.Through Utility Innovations, we are able
 
    to leverage information technology to achieve efficiencies in business operations, cost structure and energy delivery, and to improve customer satisfaction. EEI also honored us for our environmental achievements.
In addition, Xcel Energy was named to the 2006-2007 Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for North America. The companies listed on the DJSI are considered best in class in terms of economic, environmental and social performance.
excellent employees Recognition, a successful strategy and outstanding results don’t happen without excellent employees.Their efforts to keep Xcel Energy strong and well respected are impressive, and they come through for customers no matter the circumstances. In 2006, we launched our People Strategy, a business plan for our workforce that will enable us to continue to attract, retain and engage the employees we need for long-term success.
In closing, we’d like to welcome two new members to our board of directors. David A. Westerlund is executive vice president of administration and corporate secretary at Ball Corp. in Broomfield, Colo. Timothy V. Wolf is vice president and global chief financial officer for the Molson Coors Brewing Co., based in Denver, Colo.
We are looking forward to a successful 2007 because we’ve established a strong foundation and are focused on the issues that matter to you.Thank you for your continued support of Xcel Energy and your confidence in us.
Sincerely,
Richard C. Kelly
Chairman, President and CEO
2006 energy portfolio
52%
coal
27%
natural gas/oil
12%
nuclear
9%
renewables
       8
XCEL ENERGY 2006 ANNUAL REPORT
