 Letter to Shareholders
Ben Fowke
Chairman, President and CEO
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Xcel Energy remains well positioned to deliver the energy solutions our customers need and value in a dynamic, rapidly-changing industry. 2015 was another excellent year in which we achieved strong financial and operational performance and executed well on our strategies to meet the changing needs of our stakeholders, position us for success and build value for you.
We chose The Right Mix as the theme of this year’s report to illustrate the balance we need to succeed in all aspects of our business. Whether blending renewables and traditional fuel sources within our energy portfolio, managing customer costs while ensuring quality service, advocating for regulatory frameworks to better meet customer and community needs or attracting the best talent to help move our enterprise forward, we are constantly striving for The Right Mix.
Solid financial results
Year after year we have met or exceeded our financial targets, and 2015 was no exception. We reported ongoing earnings of $2.09 per share, compared with $2.03 per share in 2014. We generated $984 million in net income, a solid result considering some adverse weather and regulatory headwinds we faced last year.
2015 was the 11th consecutive year we have met or exceeded our earnings guidance and, since 2005, we have achieved annual ongoing earnings growth of 6.2 percent. I am very proud of our strong, consistent financial performance.
We also increased your dividend for the 12th consecutive year, by 6.7 percent in 2015. We raised our dividend growth guidance to the 5 to 7 percent range in 2015, reflecting the ongoing confidence we have in our business strategy and financial flexibility.
Performance over time is proof of our ability to meet your expectations, but reaching challenging benchmarks also illustrates financial strength. Xcel Energy produced the fourth-highest total shareholder return among our peer group (3.8 percent for 2015) in a year that the average peer group performance was negative (-4.5 percent).
We were honored that Forbes magazine named
Xcel Energy to its list of The 100 Most Trustworthy Companies in America for our consistent demonstration
of transparent accounting practices and solid corporate governance. With a successful year behind us and solid prospects for the coming year, we are reaffirming our 2016 ongoing earnings guidance of $2.12 to $2.27 per share.
Leading the way with clean energy
Nowhere is The Right Mix more clear than in our energy supply. That includes retiring and repowering aging coal plants with natural gas, increasing our wind portfolio through additional ownership and power purchase agreements, investing in large-scale solar and maintaining our nuclear operations.
Xcel Energy will, as we always have, work with our states and stakeholders on sound plans to create sustainable and affordable energy futures. This approach will not only ensure compliance with existing and new environmental regulations, but also take advantage of new technologies, recognize evolving customer needs and continue to drive improvements in how we produce and deliver energy.
We filed a bold resource plan in the Upper Midwest to reduce carbon dioxide emissions 60 percent (compared to 2005 levels) by 2030. In Colorado, we are on schedule and budget for the Clean Air-Clean Jobs project to retire several aging coal facilities and transition to natural gas, as we reduce emissions across the state. These plans have been
XCEL ENERGY | Annual Report 2015 3

 Tony Mallizzio and Chris Hogg are part of the team overseeing the Pleasant Valley Wind Farm near Austin, Minn., one of two wind farms Xcel Energy purchased in 2015. The 200-megawatt project is part
of our plan to significantly expand our wind portfolio.
4 XCEL ENERGY | Annual Report 2015
THE RIGHT MIX

 well received by local leaders and environmental groups, and further our position as a clean energy leader.
The Right Mix doesn’t work if you can’t deliver on price. I am proud of our ability to transform our energy supply portfolio, protect the environment through clean energy sources and state-of-the-art emissions controls and invest significantly in our communities through jobs, tax base and economic development—all at a competitive price.
Improve utility performance
Our assets are long lived and best optimized via a long runway. A key objective is to establish longer-term regulatory agreements to support just that, positioning us to continue to close the gap between our earned and allowed returns while creating greater price certainty for customers. In 2015, we achieved a 9.07 percent (weather adjusted) ongoing return on equity (ROE) for our regulated businesses, consistent with our goal of closing the ROE gap.
Through legislation and regulatory filings, we made significant progress in securing longer-term frameworks. In particular, we reached a settlement on a three-year plan in our Colorado electric case, which had strong stakeholder support and demonstrates the shared benefits of such plans. We also supported the enactment of new legislation in Minnesota and Texas that provides the foundation for more timely and holistic recovery of costs in those states. We filed a thoughtful, multi-year electric plan in Minnesota consistent with that legislation. In December, the Minnesota commission approved our 2016 interim rate request of approximately $164 million, subject to refund, and will review the plan in 2016. And our Wisconsin operating company successfully completed a combined gas and electric case that will bring added stability to our revenues over time with the first fixed charge increase since 2006.
Our 2015 results demonstrate that we have a solid plan
and effective execution. We will continue to work with stakeholders to create sound regulatory frameworks that meet our states’ policy objectives and allow us to implement the right energy mix for the future.
Achieve operational excellence
Historically, we have done an excellent job of managing our operations and maintenance (O&M) expenses to deliver increased shareholder value. In 2015, we decreased our O&M expenses by 0.2 percent, as compared to 2014, without impacting service levels to our customers.
We are also investing in technology to improve the function and efficiency of our business systems. An example is the
XCEL ENERGY | Annual Report 2015 5
Limon III wind farm supplies power for customers in Colorado.
EXPANDING OUR WIND PORTFOLIO THROUGH AN OWNERSHIP STAKE
As the No. 1 utility wind energy provider for the 11th consecutive year, Xcel Energy is continuing to build a strong portfolio of owned wind resources to bring value to both our customers and shareholders.
We closed 2015 with the purchase of two new wind farms: the Pleasant Valley Wind Farm near Austin, Minn., and the Border Wind Farm in Rolette County, N.D. These additions increased wind capacity by 20 percent in the Upper Midwest and are expected to generate enough clean electricity to power more than 180,000 homes.
Xcel Energy is also building the Courtenay Wind Farm in central
North Dakota, which is scheduled to begin powering homes and businesses before the end of 2016. Taking an active ownership in building or buying wind farms positions the company to deliver 35 percent of renewable energy to our Upper Midwest customers by 2030.
Wind continues to play an increasing role in our energy portfolio.
Our Colorado energy system has the capacity for more than
2,500 megawatts of wind generation, enough to power 1.3 million average-size homes for a year. We set a record for wind generation in 2015 when more than half of our Colorado customers’ power for an entire day came from wind energy, and met nearly 20 percent of overall electric demand for the year with wind power. We are also adding to our wind portfolio in Texas and New Mexico through power purchase agreements.
 
successful launch of a new general ledger at the close of 2015. This and additional system upgrades scheduled for the next two years are key tools that will lead to increased productivity and streamlined operations.
Employee and public safety is an important part of The Right Mix needed to achieve operational excellence. It is
an Xcel Energy priority that every employee goes home
safe each night. I am pleased that we achieved the eighth consecutive year of improved employee safety results, with a reduction in both injury count and severity. According to our annual engagement survey, 94 percent of our employees indicate that their work area is a safe place and 91 percent indicate that safety rules are carefully observed, even if it means that work is slowed down.
We continue to cultivate a culture of safety to protect the public—a responsibility we take very seriously. We have replaced all known cast iron natural gas distribution lines, initiated a project to move meters to the outside of older homes and installed additional safety measures to better protect above-ground natural gas equipment from potential damage by vehicles.
Our electrical system delivers reliable service more than
99 percent of the time on average, and prompt service restoration is a hallmark of our business. When severe storms in Texas and New Mexico disrupted power in December, our dedicated employees once again delivered, safely restoring power to 84 percent of customers within 12 hours and
98 percent of customers within 24 hours. We also received the Edison Electric Institute’s Emergency Response Recovery Award for our work during a July storm in Minnesota
that impacted 250,000 customers. We continue to make improvements in our customer communication, allowing customers to plan accordingly during service outages.
We also prepare for threats that we can’t see. Last fall, more than 150 employees participated in the GridEx III, a two-day national drill coordinated by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC), to test the industry’s preparedness for a national physical and cyber attack on the electric grid. This exercise provided a meaningful opportunity to evaluate our responsiveness and communications plans, and to strengthen our connection to government response agencies. We are investing in both assets and talent to make the energy grid even more robust, resilient and secure.
Expand customer options and solutions
Our customers want more ways to save energy and money, to connect with us in the ways convenient to them and exercise
6 XCEL ENERGY | Annual Report 2015
  BRECKENRIDGE BREWERY: A PERFECT BATCH OF ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS
When Breckenridge Brewery opened in 1990, it was the third
craft brewery in Colorado. Twenty five years later, it has grown to produce more than 70,000 barrels of beer annually, distributed in 35 states. When its growth plans called for a new brewery to be built in Littleton, Colo., the leadership team partnered with our Energy Design Assistance (EDA) program to design a first class, energy-efficient facility.
During the design and construction phase, Xcel Energy collaborated with the brewery team, contractors and architects to develop and incent efficiency strategies ranging from choosing energy-efficient building materials, sensors and lighting fixtures throughout the facility to recapturing heat from the brewing process. This tailored solution encompassed both the building envelope and manufacturing process to ensure energy efficiency was achieved every step of the way.
The Breckenridge Brewery leadership team saw the value of
these plans and invested in these solutions at the new facility that opened last summer. Those investments more than paid off. After
an independent consultant verified the energy savings, Xcel Energy delivered an incentive check for $59,470. Even more importantly, the brewery will save nearly $51,000 in energy costs annually, recapturing its up-front investment in five years and freeing valuable capital to reinvest in the business.
“Who doesn’t like to get a $60,000 rebate check?” Breckenridge Brewery President Todd Usry asked. “Xcel Energy and the third party consultant were great to work with from the pre-construction phase all the way through.”
In 2015, the EDA program rewarded Colorado and Minnesota customers with more than $11.2 million in rebates for using energy- efficient design in 136 buildings.

 A Breckenridge Brewery employee conducts a quality control test at the company’s
new facility in Littleton, Colo. The brewery leadership team partnered with Xcel Energy on numerous energy conservation strategies.
THE RIGHT MIX
 XCEL ENERGY | Annual Report 2015 7

 8 XCEL ENERGY | Annual Report 2015
Jeff Reali of the Hudson Service Center installs an LED fixture in an Xcel Energy-owned streetlight near the St. Croix River in Hudson, Wisc.
THE RIGHT MIX

  Mary Jo Woolf (left), director, Distribution Customer Operations; Brian Elwood (right), manager, Community Relations; and Tom Zeuil, director of Public Works and Parks for the City of Hudson, Wisc., all played important roles in the Hudson LED street lighting project.
A WELL-LIT PATH TO EFFICIENCY
Our communities are interested in saving money and reducing their environmental footprint, and our programs deliver. Case in point: Xcel Energy recently launched a five-year project to upgrade nearly 300,000 streetlights with new, energy-efficient LED fixtures that use 40 to 60 percent less energy than conventional lighting. Our communities will not only see a decrease in their electric bills, they will see fewer replacements, less required maintenance and higher quality lighting.
We upgraded approximately 50 communities in Wisconsin in the fall of 2015 and have plans to roll out the program across our service territory, subject to regulatory approval.
options in areas like renewable energy and home energy management, and we delivered in 2015. Ranked in the top 5 nationally, Xcel Energy’s energy-efficiency programs saved customers enough electricity to power 115,000 homes and enough natural gas to serve 17,000 homes.
For customers wanting more renewable energy options,
we are building on our Windsource® program with new solar options in Colorado, Minnesota and Wisconsin. We continue to improve our digital experience to increase customer satisfaction and loyalty. We have also enhanced My Account, along with proactive outage and billing notifications that are driving increased customer engagement.
Anticipating and exceeding customer expectations is critical to our ongoing success, and we are putting our technology expertise to work to do just that. Innovative pilot programs like smart thermostats, connected home programs and a unique partnership with Panasonic to test and deliver new energy solutions are just some of the ways we are providing customers with tools to manage their energy use and costs while increasing comfort.
In 2015, 95 percent of our surveyed customers gave us high marks for overall satisfaction, but we are not resting on those laurels—we are working to enhance the overall customer experience to increase customer satisfaction and loyalty even more.
Invest for the future
The $15 billion of base capital investments we will make during the next five years will grow our rate base by
3.7 percent annually while strengthening the grid and transitioning to a cleaner energy supply mix. The Right
Mix of investments includes power generation, the electrical grid, pipelines and transmission and distribution infrastructure to deliver gas and electricity to our customers. We have identified an additional $2.5 billion of upside investment opportunity that, if achieved, would drive rate base growth of 5.5 percent.
Through a “steel for fuel” strategy, our investments create both customer and shareholder value as we invest in wind energy to offset fossil fuel costs. The purchases of the Border Wind Farm in North Dakota and the Pleasant Valley Wind Farm in Minnesota, coupled with construction of the Courtenay Wind Farm in North Dakota, provide growing opportunities to increase our wind generation ownership.
Transmission remains a growth opportunity for us. Our three independent transmission companies made steady progress in 2015, winning several key regulatory approvals, building
XCEL ENERGY | Annual Report 2015 9

 new competitive bidding capabilities and streamlining
key processes, which will lead to more accurate project estimates in 2016 and beyond. We also energized two major transmission lines in Minnesota as part of the multi-year CapX2020 project to help bring our growing portfolio of renewable energy to the marketplace.
Developments in 2015 set the stage for future growth of
our natural gas business, which is expected to increase as carbon policy takes hold. The passage of key legislation
in Minnesota supports our ability to “gas up” smaller communities previously served only by propane. We also won the right—in true competitive fashion—to build a pipeline to serve a coal-to-natural gas generation conversion and will continue to look for opportunities to move upstream in natural gas delivery.
Employees make it happen
Our 12,000+ employees are the cornerstone of our business and the driving force behind our success. As many of our long-tenured employees approach retirement, our nationally recognized veteran hiring initiatives and outreach programs with universities, trade schools
and community organizations are helping us manage a significant workforce transition so that we continue to have The Right Mix of skills and experience to ensure future success.
The Right Mix
Balance. Performance. Results. People. We have our eye on The Right Mix in all that we do.
As we look ahead, rest assured we will take a leading role in delivering for our customers and communities, collaborating with stakeholders and building value for you. Our performance over time, our ability to reach new milestones and our understanding of a changing marketplace demonstrate that Xcel Energy is well positioned for long-term success.
Thank you for the trust you place in Xcel Energy. We know you have options for your investment dollars, and we are keenly focused to deliver the value proposition you have come to know and expect. We look forward to another outstanding year in 2016.
Sincerely,
Ben Fowke
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
In 2015, Xcel Energy made significant infrastructure investments to power homes and businesses in southeastern New Mexico, one of the fastest-growing areas of the state.
NEW MEXICO: SUPPORTING GROWTH THROUGH INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENTS
If your picture of southeastern New Mexico is a vast, open landscape, think again—it is now one of the fastest-growing sections of the state. Major developments include new oil and natural gas extraction facilities, as well as expanded potash mining and commercial and residential development. To meet the rapidly increasing needs of the energy-rich areas of our service territory, Xcel Energy is investing hundreds of millions of dollars in the energy grid to provide reliable and affordable power to help drive the
New Mexico economy.
To meet the time-sensitive nature of our customers’ needs—
many of whom were burning diesel engines to fuel their operations—we executed a plan to build new transmission
and distribution infrastructure to deliver electricity to the area. During the process, we boosted the local economy by hiring local contractors and businesses to assist in building seven substations as more than 250 miles of transmission and distribution lines were energized in 2015 in Lea and Eddy counties. Another substation near Dora connected the large Roosevelt wind farm to the grid.
Xcel Energy is one of the fastest-growing, investor-owned transmission systems with more than 20,000 miles of lines and 1,200 substations. In 2015, we energized 16 new substations, upgraded 27 existing substations and placed more than 700 miles of new lines into service—with our average cost per mile for new transmission below the national average.
10 XCEL ENERGY | Annual Report 2015
