Dear Shareholders:
          As your new chairman, president and CEO, I am honored to lead Xcel Energy and
will say without hesitation that this is the best energy company in the nation. Our strong financial performance, operational excellence, customer focus and proactive environmental efforts position us for long-term success. That was evident
in 2011, an excellent year for us.
We met or exceeded our financial goals, achieved our system reliability targets despite challenges and hit a record high
in customer satisfaction. We continued to take advantage of investment opportunities that will benefit customers, ensure our
BEN FOWKE CHAIRMAN,
PRESIDENT AND CEO
environmental leadership position and result in lasting value for you. Building on that strong momentum, we are energized for the challenges ahead.
Meeting our financial goals
Ongoing earnings per share were $1.72 in 2011, compared with $1.62 in 2010. That means we achieved the upper half of our guidance range, making 2011 the seventh consecutive year in which we have met or exceeded our earnings guidance.
Ongoing earnings increased primarily due to higher electric margins as a result of warmer-than-normal summer weather
  XCEL ENERGY 2011 ANNUAL REPORT • 1

  Xcel Energy’s
Doug Ryan (left) worked with
Denver International Airport’s (DIA) Woods Allee on energy efficiency efforts at the
DIA that enabled the airport to save more than
9 gigawatt-hours of electricity annually and earn rebates of more than $400,000.
The DIA also participated in
Xcel Energy’s Solar*Rewards® program, which offers incentives and rebates for installing solar panels. The airport installed
8 megawatts of solar panels at three different locations.
“Xcel Energy’s efforts and programs have enabled the airport to implement a number of energy management initiatives that
are not only environmentally beneficial but also make economic sense,” Allee said.
across our service territory and rate increases in various states. The higher margins were partially offset by expected increases in operating and maintenance expenses, depreciation, interest expense and property taxes.
Our stock price rose 17 percent in 2011, hitting a nine-year high in December. Taking into account the reinvestment of our dividends, we delivered a total return of more than 22 percent. We also raised our annual dividend by 3 cents per share, or 3 percent, and maintained strong credit ratings.
Looking ahead, we anticipate delivering ongoing earnings in the lower half of our $1.75 to $1.85 guidance range in 2012. That’s due in part to an early 2012 decision by the Colorado Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) to deny our request for interim rates as part of a larger rate increase request.
The CPUC did, however, allow deferred accounting for a portion of that interim rate request, which will partially offset a revenue gap as we await new rates in Colorado.
In addition, we are paying higher property taxes, primarily in Colorado and Minnesota. Despite those challenges, we are focused on delivering 5 percent to 7 percent annual earnings growth and feel confident that we will achieve that goal.
Energized for customers
Our work for customers is built on a
solid foundation of operational excellence. For example, we carefully track electric system reliability and in 2011 achieved our company-wide reliability goal despite the fact that we experienced several major storms in various parts of our service territory. Adverse weather resulted in tornadoes in Minnesota, flooding in
North Dakota, fires in Texas and an early snowstorm in Colorado. In every situation,
our employees proved their commitment to customers, restoring power in record time.
In other reliability efforts, we completed construction of a natural gas-fired unit at our Jones Station in Texas. We brought the unit on line a year ahead of schedule, significantly under budget and in time for peak electric use during an unusually hot summer. Thriving energy and agricultural industries in that part of the country contribute to growing electric demand and have prompted us to propose a fourth unit at Jones Station that should be complete by summer 2013, pending all regulatory approvals.
Our public safety efforts are another measure of operational excellence. To meet new federal guidelines, we are inspecting natural gas transmission systems across our service territory, paying particular attention to pipelines near public areas. We will
invest about $230 million to upgrade those systems. We also are making significant investments in our natural gas distribution system. Xcel Energy’s natural gas business is a vital component of our operational mix.
As we ensure reliability and safety, we also help customers save energy and money with a wide variety of energy efficiency programs and rebates. In 2011, we more than met challenging energy efficiency targets and in the process gave customers valuable options for controlling their energy use in a tough economy. They responded with a record residential customer satisfaction score of 93 percent.
Our energy efficiency efforts are key components of our environmental leadership strategy. They help us reduce emissions while enabling us to avoid building new power plants, and we
are able to earn a significant return on our efforts.
XCEL ENERGY 2011 ANNUAL REPORT • 2

    DENVER INTERNATIONAL
AIRPORT
       
  Xcel Energy’s Scharmin Williams (right) worked with Metropolitan Council Environmental Services’ (MCES) Brad Gehring at
a waste water treatment plant
in St. Paul on process efficiency improvements.
The efforts included retrofitting lighting in the plant’s five miles of underground tunnels. Overall, MCES achieved a
15 percent reduction in energy, saving $2.5 million annually.
“I’m proud we’re making such an impact on our carbon footprint and that we’re going to continue this effort with a more aggressive goal as we go into the future,” Gehring said.
Taking advantage of investment opportunities
In addition to investing in power plants such as Jones Station, we are taking advantage of investment opportunities in electric transmission and distribution as well as natural gas infrastructure. Besides building financial value for you, those efforts enable us to modernize our system and ensure reliability at a reasonable cost to customers.
Over the next five years, for example,
we will invest roughly $4 billion in our transmission system, which includes
more than 18,000 miles and spans 10 states. Because we operate in different transmission regions, including planning, permitting and construction, we have developed valuable employee expertise and a broad industry perspective that make us particularly efficient and effective. In fact, on average, Xcel Energy is building transmission at a lower cost than the regional averages.
Because we work closely with many stakeholders in making transmission decisions, we’ve established solid relationships that have resulted in satisfied customers as well as good recovery mechanisms across our service territory.
In 2011, we put the first segments of
major transmission projects in Minnesota, Colorado and Texas into service. Those projects create jobs, boost local economies and enable us to deliver more of the renewable energy that our customers want.
In Colorado, our plan to meet the state’s Clean Air-Clean Jobs Act requirements represents another investment opportunity with many benefits. Over the next few years, we plan to retire older coal-fired units, add modern emission controls to newer coal-fired units, build new natural
gas plants and switch other facilities from coal to natural gas. The effort will give us a diverse and balanced energy portfolio in Colorado, one that enables us to capture the advantages of coal, natural gas and renewable generation technologies. It will dramatically reduce emissions and allow us to meet current and anticipated federal environmental regulations cost effectively while we upgrade our system.
Retiring and repowering Colorado generating facilities is possible in part because we brought our Comanche 3 coal-fired unit on line in 2010 at an excellent price for customers. The Comanche 3 project, which resulted in significant emission reductions at the plant site while more than doubling the plant’s capacity, gave us the reliable foundation we needed to balance and reduce emissions from the rest of our Colorado generating portfolio. It’s an excellent example of the far-sighted measures we’ve taken that put us in a strong environmental position.
Ahead of the environmental curve
Xcel Energy is an environmental leader,
and we plan to keep it that way. Our environmental strategy works for customers and communities because it’s balanced
and reasonably priced. It works for you because of the investment opportunities it has created.
Because we’ve been proactive about efforts such as reducing emissions and adding renewable energy sources, we are ahead
of many state and federal environmental rules. That gives us flexibility to pursue environmental initiatives that maintain
the value of our environmental leadership position while truly benefiting customers.
XCEL ENERGY 2011 ANNUAL REPORT • 4

          Our portfolio of wind energy is a good example. Xcel Energy is the No. 1 provider of wind power in the nation, with about 4,100 megawatts on our system at the end of 2011. We are fortunate to have plentiful wind resources in our service territory, and we took advantage of those resources early. Even more important, we added that wind power at a competitive price, making wind a reasonable hedge against volatile natural gas prices. We like to say that we build
at the speed of value. That means we
take a disciplined approach to adding renewable resources, making sure our customers reap the benefits both
financially and environmentally.
WASTE WATER TREATMENT PLANT
ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA
Our clean, reliable nuclear plants also provide value. In 2011, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) extended the operating licenses of both units at our Prairie Island nuclear plant for 20 years.
The NRC previously extended the operating license of our Monticello plant. We are awaiting NRC approval of our proposal
to increase generating capacity at the Monticello plant and plan to complete the upgrade in the spring of 2013 if approved. Meanwhile, we are asking the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission to reconfirm our plan to increase generating capacity at Prairie Island due to recent developments
  XCEL ENERGY 2011 ANNUAL REPORT • 5

    MAPLEWOOD MALL
    ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA
   
 affecting the nuclear industry and the availability of more comprehensive and updated information about that proposal.
Keeping our nuclear fleet strong is fundamental to customer value. That’s why we were especially pleased in 2011 to reach a settlement with the federal government regarding costs incurred because of the U.S. Department of Energy’s failure to begin removing used fuel from our nuclear plant sites by a 1998 deadline. Under the settlement, about $100 million is in the process of being returned to customers
in the Upper Midwest.
Working toward constructive outcomes
Working with state and federal regulators and legislators to achieve constructive regulatory and public policy decisions is vital to our long-term success. We refer to those efforts as “getting the rules right,” and we’ve helped establish a variety of regulatory and legislative mechanisms that ensure fair recovery of our investments.
It’s a regulatory and public policy compact that protects the welfare of both customers and shareholders. We work hard to ensure our regulators and other public policy officials understand our business plans
and challenges.
When the situation merits, we take action on behalf of customers and shareholders. In 2011, we joined a lawsuit filed by numerous states and utilities in the U.S. Court of Appeals in Washington, D.C., against the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The lawsuit challenged and sought a stay
of a new Clean Air Act rule called the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule (CSAPR).
When it issued CSAPR, the EPA unexpectedly required power plants in Texas to comply with its emission reduction
requirements. The rule would have required that the company comply by January 2012, creating significant cost concerns and potential reliability problems for our Texas and New Mexico customers. At the end of 2011, the D.C. Circuit Court issued a stay on CSAPR. We are hopeful that the court’s decision on the merits of the rule, expected later this year, will enable us to comply in a more reasonable, cost-effective manner.
Caring for our communities
Our work for the communities in our service territory is just as purposeful as our work with policymakers because we recognize that we are only as strong as the communities we serve. In 2011, we contributed $4 million in grants through the Xcel Energy Foundation to promote job training and placement, science and math education, environmental stewardship and access to the arts.
Energized also describes Xcel Energy employees, who support their communities through volunteerism and financial contributions. No effort demonstrates that commitment better than the support of
our employees and retirees of local United Way organizations. In 2011, we achieved our highest United Way campaign goal ever, pledging $2.76 million, which the company matched for a total of $5.52 million going back into the community.
Employee volunteerism takes many forms. In September 2011, almost
700 Colorado employees and family members took part in a Day of Service to mark the 10th anniversary of the
9/11 terrorist attack. Volunteers contributed their time and talent to 39 nonprofit organizations, with a combined total of 4,610 volunteer hours. The Day of Service also kicked off our United Way campaign in Colorado.
Xcel Energy’s Jeremy Thompson (left) worked with Simon Property Group’s Laurie
Van Dalen (center) and Jennifer Lewis on ways to save energy and money at two shopping malls in Minnesota. Simon Property Group took advantage of lighting retrofit, central
plant modernization and roof insulation programs. In addition to saving energy
and money, Simon Property Group also earned rebates for their efforts. That prompted them
to encourage their property managers in other parts of the country to explore energy efficiency programs.
“We’ve become
the model for other malls in the country,” Van Dalen said.
 XCEL ENERGY 2011 ANNUAL REPORT • 7

 XCEL ENERGY 2011 ANNUAL REPORT • 8
Outside recognition indicates that we are meeting our corporate objectives. In 2011, Xcel Energy was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) for North America. Companies listed
on the DJSI are considered to be best in class in economic, environmental and social performance.
We also were pleased when
Trust Across America, an organization dedicated to understanding the complexities of trustworthy business behavior, placed us on its list of the Top 10 most trustworthy companies in America. Xcel Energy was
No. 2 on the list.
Looking to the future
As you can see, Xcel Energy is well positioned to meet its challenges and deliver on its promises. We are modernizing our infrastructure and ensuring reliability
at a competitive price for customers.
We are ahead of many environmental regulations, giving us the flexibility to adopt environmental initiatives that work for our customers. We are working with regulators and legislators to ensure a regulatory
and public policy compact that is fair to customers and shareholders. And we are keeping our balance sheet strong so we can invest in our system and continue to deliver clean, safe, reliable energy at a reasonable cost.
My goal, reflected in some of my first actions as chairman, president and CEO,
is to drive the operational excellence model that we’ve already established throughout the company with standardization and process improvements. To help me meet my objectives, I rely on an outstanding executive leadership team that is equally committed to keeping Xcel Energy the best in the nation.
I also rely on the rest of our Xcel Energy employees, who work hard every day
to serve customers, volunteer in their communities and are proud to be part of a thriving company and vital industry. They, too, are the best. All of our efforts build on our significant success, and are designed to create value for you.
Finally, we were fortunate to have the leadership of former Chairman and CEO Dick Kelly, who retired in August after 43 years in the energy business. He was instrumental in positioning Xcel Energy for success. We wish him all the best
in his retirement.
Thank you for your continued support and trust in us.
Sincerely,
Ben Fowke
Chairman, President and CEO
We invite you to view Energized, a DVD that features Xcel Energy employees who are committed to operational excellence, their customers, their communities and environmental leadership. The DVD also includes profiles of Chairman, President and CEO Ben Fowke and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Teresa Madden.
