To Our Shareholders
ExxonMobil creates shareholder value by providing industry leadership to meet one of the world's greatest challenges ­ supplying the energy needed to advance global economic prosperity in a safe, secure, and environmentally responsible way. The oil and gas business is cyclical, driven by the supply-and-demand balance. Technological innovations and significant investments have unlocked an abundance of energy supply, including North America's unconventional resources. At the same time, global economic growth has slowed, leading to a market that is oversupplied, resulting in today's lower energy prices. Yet, even in the midst of these short-term challenges, we maintain a longer-term view for our strategic decisions and business plans, underpinned by our Outlook for Energy, an annual assessment that is shared publicly. A rising world population and burgeoning middle class, along with anticipated economic progress, will drive 25-percent growth in energy demand from 2014 to 2040. Fueling this global expansion will require substantial new sources of energy across all resource types along with further advances in technology and continued capture of ever-improving energy efficiency. By improving access to reliable and affordable energy, we can help reduce poverty and advance living standards for billions of people. Therefore, ExxonMobil continues to innovate and selectively invest through the cycle to supply these long-term growth markets and create value for our shareholders. Our longer-term view also helps us meet another important aspect of the energy challenge: doing our part to minimize impacts to the environment. ExxonMobil views climate change as a serious risk. As with every aspect of our business, we approach these risks with the highest level of integrity and thoughtful action. ExxonMobil has studied climate change for almost 40 years. We were among the first to seriously study the possibility of links between the use of fossil ExxonMobil is uniquely suited to compete fuels and impacts to the environment, and we have and effectively throughout the cycle, and our strong continue to collaborate and share our research with balance sheet positions us to pursue new leading scientific institutions, both governmental and opportunities in today's challenging market. nongovernmental; top universities; the United Nations; and other public stakeholders. ExxonMobil continues to support advanced research to progress climate science and develop breakthrough technologies as well as participate in constructive dialogue on policy options with nongovernmental organizations, industry, and policymakers. In our operations, we remain focused on increasing energy efficiency and minimizing flaring, venting, and fugitive emissions, and we are implementing reduction technologies, such as cogeneration and carbon sequestration. Products we produce, such as cleaner-burning natural gas, also help to reduce global emissions. Our 2015 results demonstrate the capabilities of our world-class workforce and the resilience of our integrated businesses. We achieved strong safety and environmental performance, reflecting an unwavering commitment to operational excellence and effective risk management. Despite a volatile and challenging energy landscape, we delivered solid financial results, highlighted by earnings of $16.2 billion and a return on capital employed that, while reflecting bottom-of-cycle conditions, nonetheless consistently leads competition. The scale and integrated nature of our cash flows along with diligent cash management provide unparalleled financial strength, allowing us to confidently and prudently invest through the business cycle while paying a reliable and growing dividend to our shareholders. Capital and exploration expenditures were $31.1 billion, $7.4 billion below 2014, reflecting cost savings in a rapidly changing market, capital efficiencies, and timely completion of several major projects. By continuing our disciplined investment programs at levels appropriate to the current environment, we capture significant savings and position our assets for better financial performance. Shareholder distributions were $15.1 billion, in the form of dividends and share purchases to reduce shares outstanding, and included a 5.8-percent increase in quarterly dividends per share. This marked the 33rd consecutive year ExxonMobil has increased the dividend, further differentiating ourselves from competitors. Our Upstream business continues to demonstrate exceptional project development capabilities. Production volumes of 4.1 million oil-equivalent barrels per day were up 3 percent from 2014, reflecting investments in new development growth. We started up six major projects in 2015, adding nearly 300 thousand barrels per day of working interest production capacity. These include two capital-efficient subsea tiebacks offshore West Africa ­ Kizomba Satellites Phase 2 in Angola and Erha North Phase 2 in Nigeria ­ as well as an expansion of the Kearl oil sands development in Canada. These projects started up ahead of schedule and on or below budget.

3

Looking forward, we continue to highgrade and selectively develop our industry-leading 91 billion oil-equivalent barrel resource base. The size and diversity of the project inventory, along with our financial strength, provide the flexibility to advance the most attractive investments at the right time. We plan to complete and start up 10 projects in 2016 and 2017, including the Upper Zakum 750 offshore development in the United Arab Emirates and the Hebron project offshore Canada. Our exploration program continues to add valuable new resource development opportunities to the By improving access to reliable and affordable resource base. Offshore Guyana, we made a significant oil energy, we can help reduce poverty and discovery with the Liza-1 exploration well. Further activities advance living standards for billions of people. are under way to evaluate the full resource potential of the acreage, including the largest 3D seismic acquisition in the Corporation's history. We are also progressing our large inventory of short-cycle opportunities, primarily onshore United States in the Bakken, Permian Basin, and Ardmore/Marietta unconventional plays, and have added attractive acreage. Strong Downstream and Chemical results for the year highlight the value of our integrated business model. These businesses play an important, counter-cyclical role in contributing to our financial commitments, generating superior returns and solid cash flow. We are progressing strategic investments to grow our advantage, focused on improving feedstock flexibility, increasing production of higher-value products, expanding and diversifying logistics capabilities, and enhancing operating efficiency. In 2015, we progressed construction of a joint venture specialty elastomers facility in Saudi Arabia that will produce higher-margin synthetic rubber products. We also announced an expansion at our Rotterdam Refinery in the Netherlands, which is one of the most efficient sites in Europe. The new facilities will utilize our proprietary hydrocracking technology to produce high-quality lube basestocks and ultra-low sulfur diesel to meet growing demand. While recent market changes have created notable challenges for our industry, they also present new opportunities for our business. The Corporation is uniquely suited to compete effectively throughout the cycle, and our strong balance sheet positions us to pursue these opportunities. ExxonMobil is a proven leader in financial performance, project execution, and technology, and we uphold our reputation as a safe, responsible, and reliable operator. Thanks to our strong track record, we remain the partner of choice for many resource owners. As you review this year's Summary Annual Report, you will see how our diverse assets work together to build a resilient, integrated business. Regardless of commodity prices, we are relentlessly focused on the business fundamentals ­ the factors we can control. Our continuous drive to operate safely and responsibly, reduce costs, increase productivity, highgrade assets, and maximize value ­ particularly in today's challenging environment ­ has once again set us apart. ExxonMobil is well positioned for further success, and we will continue to deliver on our commitment to create long-term shareholder value.

Rex W. Tillerson, Chairman and CEO

