To Our Shareholders
2005 was an outstanding year for ExxonMobil with net income

of $36 billion, the highest in the history of the Corporation. Return on average capital employed increased to 31 percent. This success was spread across the company with the Upstream, Downstream, and Chemical businesses all posting strong earnings. These results demonstrate the strength of our business model and its ability to capture fully the benefits of a robust business environment.
The Corporation continues to grow shareholder distributions. In 2005, dividends grew to $7 billion, while share purchases to reduce shares outstanding grew by $8 billion to $16 billion, increasing total distributions to $23 billion. This brings cumulative distributions since 2001 to more than $71 billion. As we look back at the impact of the hurricanes on the oil and gas industry, one thing is clear: The market worked. As production was shut-in and refineries went offline, prices rose. With the rise in prices, exports to the U.S. increased, consumption declined, and the industry worked to restore facilities as quickly as possible. As a result, there were no shortages outside the directly affected areas, and gasoline prices soon declined to below pre-hurricane levels. Such is the case as well with longer-term supply and demand fundamentals. The global petroleum and petrochemical industry, including your company, has demonstrated throughout its history an ability to meet the world's growing energy needs. When markets are allowed to work without interference and when industry is allowed access to new areas of resource potential, reliable and affordable energy supplies are available to support the world's economic growth. Your company understands well the long-term nature of these fundamentals. We invested $18 billion in the business in 2005. As in previous years, investment decisions were made in a disciplined manner consistent with the long-term fundamentals of our cyclical business. With projects lasting decades, they must be profitable across a range of price environments. As a result, today's oil and gas prices are almost immaterial to the many factors that must be considered before we will commit the Corporation's funds ­ your funds ­ to a development project. This long-term approach, combined with our unmatched financial strength, allows ExxonMobil to invest wisely and timely throughout the industry business cycle and as opportunities arise.

For example, in 2002 when oil prices were substantially lower than today, ExxonMobil invested $14 billion while earning $11 billion. Our 2005 Upstream project start-ups are contributing significantly to ExxonMobil's production and global supply. In the Downstream, we continued to efficiently expand our existing facilities at a fraction of the cost of building a new refinery. Over the last 10 years, ExxonMobil's refining capacity has increased an average of 50 thousand barrels per day, per year. This is equivalent to building a new grass-roots refinery every three years.
EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION  2005 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 3

Our record of on-time and on-budget start-ups of complex projects around the world and across our business units also demonstrates our commitment to operational excellence. We reliably meet our commitments and set industry benchmarks in the process. The Corporation's business units are organized globally and managed centrally. We call this the global functional organization. It has allowed rapid deployment of best practices and resulted in project management performance significantly better than our competitors'. This represents a true competitive advantage. ExxonMobil is committed to maintaining its industry leadership in technology. Innovation has been, and will continue to be, critical to our success. We pursue research into proprietary breakthrough technologies that will not only enhance existing businesses, but provide step changes in the Corporation's competitive position. This commitment to technology will have a lasting and material benefit for our shareholders and customers. We believe an organization that has a disciplined, successful approach to safety carries that discipline and success into all aspects of its operations. We place great emphasis on being prepared to respond quickly and effectively. As Hurricanes Katrina and Rita passed through the Gulf region, our employees showed tremendous skill, competence, and bravery, often in the face of personal loss. They accomplished enormous feats in mitigating and repairing hurricane damage to both our onshore and offshore facilities, and were instrumental in progressing the restoration of the vital Gulf of Mexico energy infrastructure. We believe that both results and the manner in which those results are achieved matter. As central to our commitment to corporate citizenship, we have long emphasized to our employees the necessity of maintaining the highest standards of ethics and business integrity. We take great pride in knowing that all aspects of our business are conducted in a manner that is consistent with these high standards.

As the global economy evolves and expands, it presents enormous opportunities for the energy industry. Even with significant energy efficiency gains, we estimate the world's oil and gas needs are likely to grow 40 percent by 2030. Meeting these needs in a safe, environmentally and socially responsible way is essential to support the development that drives improvement in the world's standard of living. The challenges ahead play to ExxonMobil's strengths. Each of our business units has unique strategies that were crafted with a long-term view of the business. It is through adherence to these strategies throughout the business cycle that we achieve industry-leading results as we take on the world's toughest energy challenges. We remain committed to creating long-term shareholder value. And in this pursuit, I assure you we will stay the course. Rex W. Tillerson Chairman and CEO

