To Our Shareholders

2004 was an outstanding year for our Company. We earned net income of $25.3 billion, the highest in the history of the Corporation. Cash flow from operations and asset sales was $43.3 billion, also a record. Return on average capital employed increased to 24 percent. And we returned nearly $15 billion to shareholders in dividends and share buybacks. Cumulatively since the merger, we have paid $33 billion in dividends and distributed nearly $24 billion through share purchases, reducing shares outstanding by over 8 percent.
Our disciplined approach generated strong performance in each of our business lines and enabled us to fully capture the benefits of a robust business environment. The Upstream recorded the highest earnings in our history and generated more net income per barrel than our competitors over the past five years. Downstream earnings were also a record and increased 62 percent from 2003. And our Chemical business set a new earnings record ­ more than doubling 2003 results ­ and exceeded competitors' returns. The strength of our performance in recent years speaks to the success of the merger. The breadth and scale of our combined businesses provided a platform for a stepchange improvement in our financial and operating performance, our ability to leverage technology, and our capability to execute. And we continue to see more opportunity. ExxonMobil is well-positioned to meet the challenges of a rapidly changing and developing world. Our industry is constantly evolving. The industry has globalized as the world's economies have expanded. Partners and competition change. New opportunities are larger, more capital intensive, and often in remote areas or difficult physical environments. Business cycles fluctuate, but our long-term view provides us with consistent direction. Finally, technology has improved the methods we employ and the results we achieve in meeting the world's energy challenges. The challenges are enormous. Even with significant energy efficiency gains, we estimate the world's oil and gas needs are likely to grow 50 percent by 2030. The industry must develop approximately 170 million oil-equivalent barrels per day of new production ­ about one-third higher than the current rate. Meeting these needs in a safe, environmentally responsible way is essential to support the development that drives improvement in the world's standard of living. Change associated with this challenge is inevitable and is likely to accelerate.

ExxonMobil embraces change as a source of business opportunity. Our ability to adapt and balance reward with risk is a competitive strength that will be of increasing importance. The challenges ahead play to ExxonMobil's strengths. We achieve results through the disciplined implementa- tion of strategies that are unique to each of our businesses. But, at the core, these strategies are underpinned by principles that are fundamental to all of our businesses and practiced by our employees in each of the roughly 200 countries and territories in which we operate around the world. We can count on these core principles for stability and consistency as we progress our long-term business objectives and adapt to change. Our approach begins with safety ­ an area where we continuously improve upon our industry-leading performance. We believe an organization that has a disciplined, successful approach to safety carries that discipline into all aspects of its operations.
EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION · 2004 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS 3

Our operational excellence is demonstrated by projects completed on time and on budget. We meet our commitments and set industry benchmarks in the process. We are relentless in our pursuit of efficiencies, which are enabled by our rigorous project management, operating systems, and work processes deployed in our global functional organization. Our selective and disciplined investment approach has delivered pacesetting returns. Our unmatched financial strength gives us the flexibility to pursue multiple world-scale opportunities. We select only those investments that increase long-term shareholder value, and that are resilient across the business cycle. In 2004, we invested $15 billion, and continue to make substan- tial progress in advancing our significant portfolio of high-quality projects. Advantages do not last forever. Our robust proprietary research effort is essential to improve performance capabilities faster than competition. ExxonMobil's commitment and success in technology differentiate us from others and distinguish us as a partner of choice. The changing nature of opportunities plays to our strength in technology. And finally, we have long recognized the

Advantages do not last forever. Our robust proprietary research effort is essential to improve performance capabilities faster than competition. ExxonMobil's commitment and success in technology differentiate us from others and distinguish us as a partner of choice. The changing nature of opportunities plays to our strength in technology. And finally, we have long recognized the importance and value of maintaining high standards of ethics and business integrity. We believe that both results and the manner in which those results are achieved matter. The people of ExxonMobil take great pride in knowing that our behavior in all aspects is consistent with this belief. These fundamental beliefs and values form the backbone of our business approach and are encompassed by our overarching commitment to excellence in everything we do. They are embedded in our culture. We are confident that they will continue to serve us well as our Company embraces the changing world and takes on the toughest energy challenges. Lee R. Raymond Rex W. Tillerson Chairman and CEO President

