  2
 Fellow Shareholders:
“... One of the most pivotal decisions we made, in early 2016, one that we believe will deliver the highest value- creating opportunity for shareholders, was our move
to separate Xerox into two independent companies. This decision followed a comprehensive review of our structural options and provides us with increased strategic focus, financial flexibility and agility. We have created a new path forward.”

2015 was a year of transition for Xerox. Our financial results were mixed in an increasingly challenging market environment, but
we remained committed to delivering value through our focus on targeted growth segments, our solid financial position and team of great people. The many important decisions we made reflect the way we keep our key stakeholders, especially our shareholders, at the center of everything we do.
One of the most pivotal decisions we made, in early 2016, one that we believe will deliver the highest value-creating opportunity for shareholders, was our move to separate Xerox into two independent companies. This decision followed a comprehensive review of
our structural options and provides us with increased strategic focus, financial flexibility and agility. We have created a new path forward.
Before I share more about our future, I’ll review our 2015 results.
Year in Review
In 2015, we delivered strong capital returns despite pressures stemming from global economic uncertainty, weakened currencies, and the effect of lower revenues and operating margins from challenges in several of our businesses. Here’s a summary of how we performed:
• We delivered adjusted1 earnings per share of $0.98; GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.49.
• Total revenue for 2015 was $18 billion, down 8 percent or 4 percent in constant currency from 2014.
• We generated solid operating cash flow of $1.6 billion.
• Operating margin1 for the year was 8.4 percent, down 1.2 points over the previous year.
• We continued to deliver value to our shareholders. We returned $1.6 billion to you through $1.3 billion of share repurchases and over $300 million in dividends. As of January 2016, we increased our annual dividend by 11 percent to $0.31 per share, the highest level since 2000.
Differentiating and Delivering in Targeted Markets
We operate in an environment defined by rapidly shifting trends both
in the broader economy and in the industry sectors we serve. Within
this context, a core element of our strategy has been to identify growth markets where we can differentiate or disrupt through our innovation
and expertise in improving the flow of work. In those spaces, we not only address critical client needs, we also support business processes that touch the lives of millions of people: drivers, patients, shoppers, employees and benefit recipients, just to name a few. Below are some examples of what I mean:
• The State of Florida selected Xerox to implement a state-of-the-art customer service system for processing toll transactions. Building on our existing relationship with the state, we will process more than a billion toll transactions and manage over five million individual accounts annually. The new service system will consolidate Florida’s multiple toll- way operations into a single back-office system that will reduce costs, improve operational efficiency, and enhance the driver and customer experience.
• We remain the innovation leader in managed print services, a category that we pioneered almost two decades ago. In 2015, we introduced new tools that further automate business processes, boost employee productivity, and drive security, mobility and sustainability. In 2015, Xerox received leadership awards from Quocirca, IDC and Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for managed print and content services.
• We are partnering with the State of New York to update its Medicaid claims processing system to our next-generation technology solution, Health Enterprise. Our flexible Medicaid Management Information System helps New York and other states manage all aspects of today’s Medicaid programs, including managed care and other areas that are needed to comply with the U.S. Affordable Care Act, as well as prevent fraud and abuse.
Xerox 2015 Annual Report 3

• We are redefining the future of print technology through innovations like printed electronic labeling that improves product security and enables data collection throughout the supply chain. We are seeing high interest in this technology from segments such as pharmaceuticals where product authenticity is a growing problem.
Optimizing Our Portfolio
2015 also was a year that was distinguished by a number of key actions we took to optimize and position our portfolio for the future. These decisions were made to create more focus in markets where Xerox can differentiate its offerings and exceed client expectations, all in service of improving operating performance and increasing shareholder value. Here are some examples:
• We sold our Information Technology Outsourcing (ITO) business to Atos, an international leader in IT services. The transaction resulted in a greater focus on our Business Process Outsourcing and Document Outsourcing businesses. It also enabled us to partner with Atos on developing solutions for our customers that leverage Atos’ world-class ITO capabilities.
• We restructured our government healthcare business to increase our focus on higher margin, growing segments like medical and pharmacy benefits management, and fraud and abuse detection. We also reduced our participation in certain Medicaid platform implementations that were presenting unattractive levels of risk and exposure.
• Our Document Technology business successfully refreshed its product portfolio by introducing nine new products. Notable among them
was the Xerox Rialto® 900 Inkjet production color press. It sets a new standard in production volume and efficiency while offering the smallest footprint of any inkjet press on the market.
• Selective acquisitions remained a key lever for short- and long-term growth. An example is our acquisition of Healthy Communities Institute that strengthened our leadership in healthcare analytics.
Its leading cloud platform puts socioeconomic and community health information at the fingertips of hospitals, public health agencies and community coalitions.
A New Path Forward
On January 29, 2016, we announced our plans to separate into two independent companies: one comprising our Document Technology and Document Outsourcing businesses, and the other our Business Process Outsourcing business. Both will be significant Fortune 500-scale companies and leaders in their markets:
• The Document Technology company will continue to be the global leader in a $90 billion market with a presence in approximately 180 countries. It will include our Document Technology and Document Outsourcing businesses. Together, they generated $11 billion in revenue in 2015. This business is the equipment share leader, and its managed print services offerings are widely recognized as best-of-breed by industry analysts.
• The Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) company will continue to be a leading enterprise for the next generation of BPO. In 2015, this business generated $7 billion in revenue. It has the second-largest market
share in an industry that is rapidly expanding, with notable growth opportunities in healthcare, transportation, the public sector and a range of other industries.
We are confident this is the best way forward for our shareholders, clients and employees. With increased strategic focus and financial flexibility, we can capitalize on the unique strengths of our Document Technology and BPO businesses and capture the value-creation opportunities that we see in each of them.
For customers and partners, each company will maintain its leading service delivery and innovation excellence. But we will be able to more quickly respond to market forces and client needs through simplification, greater focus and agility. Our employees will benefit from working for industry leaders with leaner structures, faster decision making and improved growth opportunities. Investors will benefit from two distinct investment opportunities, each with an enhanced focus on long-term growth and profitability.
We expect the separation to be completed by the end of 2016.
4

 Strategic Transformation Program
In conjunction with the separation announcement, we also launched a strategic transformation program targeting incremental savings of $600 million over three years. This brings our total cumulative savings target to $2.4 billion during this period, which includes our ongoing productivity initiatives.
This plan is company-wide and will include a thorough review of how we work and how we operate. Bottom line, we’re not only optimizing our portfolio and capital structure, we also are driving a strategic transformation. This will competitively position both companies and set them up for success during the separation process and beyond.
The Year Ahead
2016 will be a defining year for Xerox.
We are dedicated to delivering on our commitments to our shareholders, clients and employees while successfully executing the separation and implementing the first phase of our three-year strategic transformation program.
On behalf of the Xerox Board of Directors, I am confident that the plan to separate into two strong, independent companies is the right path forward to improve the value we deliver to customers and partners, increase returns for shareholders, and become the employer of choice in the document technology and BPO industries.
I hope you share our excitement about our company’s new path forward. Our efforts to transform Xerox are under way, and we appreciate your continued support during this journey.
Ursula M. Burns
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
1 We have discussed our results using non-GAAP measures. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide an additional means of analyzing the current periods’ results against the corresponding prior periods’ results. However, these non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the company’s reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our management regularly uses our supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods.
A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP are set forth on Page 7.
Ursula M. Burns
  “... I hope you share our excitement about our company’s new path forward. Our efforts to transform Xerox are under way, and we appreciate your continued support during this journey.”
Xerox 2015 Annual Report 5
