Our progress in 2006 provided more evidence that we are on track and that we are building momentum.
Our results In 2006, our financial results included: • Net income of $1.2 billion or earnings
per share of $1.22, compared to EPS
of 94 cents for full-year 2005.
• Adjusted EPS of $1.05, an increase of 17 percent from full-year 2005 adjusted EPS of 90 cents.*
• Total revenue of $15.9 billion, an increase of 1 percent or $194 million from full-year 2005.
• Operating cash flow of $1.6 billion.
• Year-end cash and short-term investments balance of $1.5 billion.
We met our full-year expectations on earnings growth and cash generation, increased post-sale revenue and strengthened our industry-leading portfolio of products and services. We purchased two well-performing companies – XMPie® and Amici – that are contributing revenue growth and helping us build value for our customers. We managed our operations efficiently, giving us the flexibility to compete effectively while generating strong bottom-line results.
We returned to investment grade and bought back $1.1 billion of Xerox shares in 2006. We’ve committed $2.5 billion to share repurchase since the program launched in October 2005. Our healthy cash position allows us to deliver value for shareholders by buying back stock and investing in growth through acquisitions, innovation and a services-led approach to winning in the marketplace. In fact, Xerox stock appreciated 16 percent in 2006. It was a good year and we have every reason to believe we are on our way to a better one.
Our growth strategy
While we’re proud of our accomplishments, what gives me the greatest pride in our leadership team is that we’re not satisfied. Hubris is not a part of our vocabulary. Good enough is simply not good enough for Xerox. We’re keenly aware that the last frontier we need to tame is accelerating revenue growth. There are several reasons to believe this is within our reach.
While we’re justifiably known for our technology, we’re running an annuity-based business that generates more than 70 percent of revenue from what we call “post sale.” This is the sale of supplies – like ink and toner – and technical services that are needed to support our products, as well as revenue from financing our customers’ purchases. It also includes consulting and outsourcing services such as document imaging and archiving, managing our customers’ print shops, simplifying their work processes and much more.
Last year was a turning point in growing our post-sale revenue – up 2 percent for the year – as the annuity from our digital, color and services businesses helped to offset losses from our older light lens business. This positive trend is expected to continue; in fact, we expect it will accelerate as light lens becomes less and less of the total and the annuity from our strong growth markets kicks in.
We have four planks in our growth strategy. Each builds on our core competencies. Each responds to customer need with customer value. Each is designed to fuel our annuity stream through long-term contracts. And each is yielding good results. Here’s a snapshot of how we’re doing in each of our four growth strategies.
The first is to lead in color. We’ve been investing heavily in leading with the transition
to color in the office and in expanding our leadership position in the production market. Last year we brought eight new color products to market, strengthening what was already the broadest and deepest set of technologies in our industry. We’ve already announced five more color products this year and we’re just getting started. The competition doesn’t

stand still and neither do we.
The power of color is in the pages. Color pages generate significantly more revenue and profit than black-and-white pages. We’re already seeing this benefit flow through to our annuity. Post-sale revenue from color was up 16 percent in 2006. Much of that is due
to the 38 percent increase in color pages. More than 30 billion color pages were printed
on Xerox color systems last year; that’s close to double what we were doing two years ago. Color now represents nine percent of total Xerox pages. As that percentage grows, so too will our all important post-sale revenue stream. It’s a great business model and it’s working.
Our second strategic platform for growth is what we call the New Business of Printing.®
It’s a market where Xerox is competitively advantaged. Our customers in this space are typically commercial printers, marketing and graphic arts companies and large enterprises. They depend on digital printing to print on demand, produce short runs of books, personalize documents as they come off the press and leverage the power of our digital technology in a myriad of other ways. Our digital presses, sophisticated workflow capabilities and expanding set of solutions and applications help our customers grow their businesses.
New products helped drive a 74 percent increase in installs of Xerox’s production color publishing systems and printers – that’s actual placements in a customer’s workplace.
We closely track install data as an indicator of what’s to come in post-sale revenue. The more color products we sell, the more pages printed on Xerox systems. More pages
mean more profitable annuity, all adding up to sustainable growth.
One especially satisfying trend: the acceptance of the Xerox iGen3® Digital Production Press, our flagship and unparalleled product that creates up to 110 full-color impressions per minute with the ability to personalize each and every one. The iGen3 is a winner with our customers. In fact, some 180 customers now own more than one. And, about 70 of our customers’ iGens produce more than 1 million images per month.
Last year we acquired XMPie for $54 million. XMPie provides software that enables multimedia campaigns with personalized e-mail, Web sites, catalogs, brochures and other documents. When applied to direct marketing campaigns, these capabilities significantly increase standard response rates and open up new ways for marketing professionals to communicate with their customers.
You’ve probably received marketing materials in the mail that are targeted to your personal buying needs – like postcards from car dealers with an image of the new version of your car including a license plate with your initials or a travel itinerary from a cruise line featuring activities that appeal to your individual interests.
These marketing campaigns cut through the clutter. They’re personalized, colorful and most likely printed on Xerox color systems using XMPie software. The market for variable data jobs that capture individual information such as name, address, account information and photographs is projected to grow from 49 billion pages in 2004 to 138 billion pages
in 2009. That’s an annual compounded growth rate of 23 percent. Xerox is in the forefront of driving that market opportunity.
Our third strategy for growth is to lead in services in our major accounts – and here, too, we’re making good progress. Our services signings last year were up over 15 percent from the previous year. Customers who are entrusting us to manage large enterprise systems include the likes of Medco and Honeywell, the University of Calgary and Microsoft, OfficeMax and United Technologies and more.
And we believe it’s the tip of the iceberg. More and more large customers are turning to us for help in simplifying their document-intensive work processes; bridging the divide between paper and digital documents; managing their infrastructure; and creating digital systems that allow them to easily store, search and retrieve their digital files.
We call this Smarter Document ManagementTM. It’s a market where Xerox is uniquely advantaged – drawing upon our heritage in understanding how people work with documents and adding our rich portfolio of digital applications and technology.
During 2006, we acquired Amici LLC for $175 million. Amici is the market leader in e-discovery technology, which involves the identification, filtering, production and storage
of relevant data from paper or electronic documents, such as e-mail, text files, memos,

databases, presentations and spreadsheets. Projected to grow at an annual compounded rate of close to 40 percent, e-discovery services could be a nearly $2.5 billion market
in the United States alone by 2009. Now a part of Xerox Litigation Services, Amici helps position us to go after this burgeoning market.
The fourth plank in our growth strategy is to aggressively attack the small and medium business (SMB) market. It’s a $44 billion opportunity where our presence has been modest. Segments of the market, however, are growing – especially in developing countries, in color and in multifunction devices.
Here, too, we are making excellent progress. Last year we introduced four products
targeted to this segment and earlier this year we launched seven more. At the same time,
we continue to expand our distribution channels. We recently announced our most significant investment in resellers and independent
agents since launching
these sales channels several years
ago. That means there will be more
“feet on the street” selling Xerox
systems and services and greater
Xerox brand visibility in the SMB
market. Our strategy is straight-forward:
more technology plus more
distribution equals more growth.
We’re attacking a $117 billion
market opportunity through our
focus on these growth strategies.
We can compete for every dollar
of it – and we are.
Our people
Our success is dependent on contributions from Xerox’s 54,000 worldwide employees who
impress me every day with their passion for creating great experiences for our customers.
They’re led by a deeply committed executive team with a fierce will to win. We have a wealth
of talent across our enterprise and spend significant time developing this talent – spreading
that wealth throughout our operations and preparing our next generation of leadership.
Our recent appointment of Ursula Burns to president of Xerox and a member of the Board of
Directors reflects this commitment. Ursula joined Xerox in 1980 as an engineering intern and
earned her stripes through product development and business division management roles
to her most recent position as head of Business Group Operations with full responsibility for
Xerox’s research and product groups through to manufacturing and distribution. She’s been
instrumental in fine tuning Xerox’s business model so we’re more cost competitive, and
accelerating our time to market with the launch of more than 100 products in the last three
years. Ursula now brings her deep knowledge of our business to the president role, where
she’ll work closely with me and our leadership team to aggressively drive our well-defined growth strategy.
With a lot of heavy lifting behind us, our operations are in good shape. We’re now well positioned – with the best people and best products and services – tobuild on our momentum in the marketplace both in the near term and for your long-term
investment in Xerox.
Our innovation
Including our partner Fuji Xerox, we invested a combined $1.4 billion last year in research and development, with a similar amount planned for 2007. Our returns on that investment are excellent. Last year we launched 14 products that together earned 208 industry
awards. We expect to more than double the number of product announcements this year. We measure the success of our R&D investments through a metric called “Time to Revenue” – how long it takes for new ideas to become new revenue. We believe our progress in this area is among the best in the industry. About two-thirds of Xerox’s equipment sales come from products launched in the past two years.
Thanks to our scientists and engineers, the future is bright as well. Last year, the Xerox innovation community received nearly 560 U.S. utility patents. That’s up 24 percent over the

previous year. With our research partner, Fuji Xerox, the total was over 800. We hold more than 8,000 active patents, many that are the foundation of breakthrough technology like:
• Self-erasable paper that uses a combination of light and ink to automatically erase marks on a page about 16-24 hours after the page is printed.
• E-Agent, a special chemical ingredient that reduces the amount of energy needed to make certain Xerox toners by up to 22 percent.
• Advancements in natural language search technology which uses familiar phrases and sentences to simplify search results.
Our customers
One of the hallmarks of the new Xerox is deep relationships with our customers. Increasingly, we are strategic partners. One of them recently referred to Xerox as
a combination painkiller and steroid. We’ve been called lots of things, but never
that, so I asked him what he meant. His answer went something like this:
“Before Xerox came along, document management was a huge headache. We had no idea what we were spending. We had lots of vendors but no partners. We kept investing in the promise that the next new thing would be the right thing. Xerox has made my life simpler.
I talk to one person who saves me money and boosts my productivity. That’s the painkiller. The steroid part comes from leveraging documents to reach customers more effectively, to make it easier for customers to do business with us and to grow our business. That’s the steroid part. Xerox gives me both in ways no one else can.”
That’s music to my ears. It’s also a novel way to express our value proposition – painkiller and steroid, streamlining document processes to reduce costs and leveraging documents to grow revenue. No one does that better than Xerox – no one.
Our operations
We also have a business model that works – in part because it’s flexible. We react quickly and decisively to marketplace challenges and opportunities. In today’s world, every quarter seems to present its own unique dynamics. Pricing pressures may put pressures on our margins. Economic slowdowns may slow our revenue pipeline. Competitive threats may cause us to bulk up our investments in marketing.
Whatever the circumstances, we adjust. We do it quickly. And we do it in a way that keeps our business model aligned with our financial objectives. As a result, we are a company that is known for consistency. We know that’s important to you so it’s critical to us.
Our commitment to citizenship
So, too, is our continued focus on being a good corporate citizen. It’s a cherished part
of our heritage and an essential part of our future. I urge you to read the snapshot description of our activities in this report. We’re making progress in reducing greenhouse gas emissions. We supported more than 500 non-profit organizations; spent more than $370 million with minority-, women- and veteran-owned businesses; strengthened our efforts to protect our forests; sent thousands of volunteers into the communities in which
we work and live; and much more.
Last year, we published our first Report on Global Citizenship. It provides a comprehensive look at how we run our company – from serving our customers and taking care of the environment to conducting our business with integrity and giving back to our communities. The report is available in its entirety at www.xerox.com/citizenship.
Our commitment to you
We believe our track record is good, our strategy is sound and our business model is robust. We’re participating in a $117 billion market and we’re positioned to compete aggressively for every dollar of it. In 2007 you’ll see continued activity that strengthens
our leadership in color, accelerates the New Business of Printing, expands our offerings
in services, and broadens our offerings and distribution in the small and medium business market. All this fuels our profitable annuity stream, which accounts for more than
70 percent of our revenue.
At the same time, you can expect us to remain diligent on reducing costs, generating cash and prioritizing profitability and earnings growth. We know that you have invested in Xerox because you have confidence in us. It’s an awesome responsibility that we embrace and take very seriously.
The thing I love the most about this company is the people. They have what I like to call
a “steely optimism.” They do whatever it takes to make Xerox successful, to help our customers be successful and to give you a good return on your investment. Because of them, I have every confidence that 2007 will be another good year for Xerox – and for you.

Anne M. Mulcahy
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
