YHOO2
Shareholders’ Letter:
A clear and focused game plan.
To Yahoo!’s shareholders, consumers, customers, partners and employees:
When I joined Yahoo! last May, I realized that we had many significant challenges. Some of these challenges, I now firmly believe, have been transformed into enormous opportunities. During the past year the Yahoo! team has developed a clear direction for the Company and demonstrated early momentum on the implementation of our business plan. We’ve also improved the quality of our revenue by strengthening our client base, built new revenue streams and enhanced existing ones — all in one of the worst economic environments of the past two decades. And we did these things on a stage supported by financial discipline.
During my first five months, I spent many hours with our executives immersing myself in the Company’s remarkable history, examining our core strengths, as well as our competitive challenges. What I discovered was an extremely intelligent team with the absolute desire to win. I was excited by Yahoo!’s broad scale, tremendous global reach, the strength of the Yahoo! brand and the recognition it has across all walks of life. And, thanks to ongoing financial discipline, we had a strong balance sheet with more than $1.5 billion in cash and marketable securities, and no debt. Overall, there were many great things to work with and a strong foun- dation from which to build.
But I also saw things that had to change if we were to position Yahoo! for long-term growth. The Company was heavily dependent on advertising as its primary source of revenue, yet we had limited relationships with advertising agencies and traditional marketers, as well as a sales team that required more depth. In addition, with 44 different business areas and sub-areas, the Company itself was difficult to manage. While Yahoo! had achieved extraordinary success in its first five years by providing the broadest set of Web services possible, it was apparent to me that we now needed to be more focused. There is also no doubt that at the time I joined, Yahoo! was feeling the pressure of a decline in the broader economic environment, along with the need to con- tinue to realign our client base to reduce our dependence on pure play Internet clients.
My first priority was to stabilize the business, while at the same time focusing on the opportunities of which we could take advantage of in order to build and grow Yahoo!, with the goal of ultimately delivering long- term shareholder value.
There were three attitudes that I instilled into the Company’s approach: focus, diversification and prof- itability. Every thought, idea, proposal or plan was scrutinized against these measures, as we rolled up our sleeves and began to define the Company’s strategy and business priorities. During this period, the manage- ment team did a great job of balancing the implementation of the hard but necessary measures to ensure Yahoo! maintained a stable financial position, while working tirelessly to take the operational and competitive steps needed to drive growth.
The result of this hard work was the development of a new strategy and operating structure that we believe positions the Company for growth in 2002 and beyond.
“There were three attitudes that I instilled into the Company’s approach: focus, diversification and profitability. Every thought, idea, proposal or plan was scrutinized against these measures, as we rolled up our sleeves and began to define the Company’s strategy and business priorities.”
 Terry Semel
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer

YHOO4
YHOO5
Strategy & Priorities
Our strategy is to: Build a diversified global business by focusing our efforts and leveraging our core strengths to provide deeper, more valuable solutions for our consumers and business partners.
What this means is that our focus is shifting towards capturing more of the enormous value created from our global user base, so that we can drive increased revenue per user for the Company over the next few years. To achieve this, we are committed not only to growing our marketing services revenue, but also to broadening and growing diversified revenue streams such as listings and fees and transactions. We will be much more focused on executing on the things we do well rather than trying to be all things to all people. We will use our core strengths to our advantage. We will extend the depth of our services to encourage our consumers to spend more time on our network and ultimately more money. And we will focus on providing solutions that offer additional value to our consumers and clients.
The key to any strategy lies in the strength of its execution. Before the year ended we had already demon- strated some early momentum, and as we move into 2002 we are focused on putting even more points on the board. What follows are the key priorities that support this business strategy and a review of some of the progress we made in 2001:
> Build a high performance organization: It was critical to reorganize the business in order to prioritize and focus our resources. In addition to our international and regional businesses, we established six key verti- cal businesses — Listings; Media, Finance and Information; Commerce; Communications; Enterprise Solutions; and Access and Distribution. These are supported by key functions such as technology, mar- keting, sales and product development. I’m also delighted with the progress we have made in building a stronger, more complete senior management team, by bringing in numerous seasoned executives from broad-ranging industries with fresh ideas, new contacts and diversified experience.
> Develop deeper consumer relationships: Our goal is to convert more of our 219 million unique consumers into active registered users (currently 86 million) and/or paying subscribers. We’ve seen strong success with services such as Yahoo! Personals, which we launched as a paid service in October. Our base of pay- ing subscribers grew rapidly, and we now have one of the industry’s leading personals websites based on audience size. Additionally, we’ll continue to build deeper consumer relationships through the introduction of bundled for-pay services and the roll out of our access and distribution services later in 2002.
> Enhance client solutions: We made excellent progress both within our advertising/marketing services sales team and enterprise solutions business. On the advertising side, we are very proud of the accolades we received from Advertising Age in their December 2001 issue that rated Yahoo! as the portal best serving the advertising community. This was confirmation for us that the changes we were making in the sales organi- zation to enhance client solutions, such as hiring strong new leadership and experienced salespeople, implementing specialized, vertical sales teams and building relationships with agencies, were working.
We finished the year with a very pleasing 3,795 marketing services clients. While these clients span all types and sizes, one of our major priorities is to pursue larger, multi-year strategic marketing alliances.
The initiatives we undertook in 2001 with companies such as Sony, Pepsi-Cola and Compaq illustrate the enormous potential to create brand building and awareness, research and direct marketing programs that span multiple areas of the Yahoo! network.
In our Enterprise Solutions business we developed a new sales and project management infrastruture to better manage client relationships. We also launched a strategy services department to develop portal and broadcast solutions in partnership with our clients and ensure we are more focused on meeting spe- cific company, departmental or communications needs. We have developed strong relationships with com- panies such as CIGNA Corp., Honeywell and Cisco Systems, who are using our enterprise solutions for a variety of needs, including aggregating important corporate and human resources information, marketing, employee communications and online training.
> Bundle products and services: Bundling is, in effect, reaching across the Yahoo! network and pulling togeth- er products and services that we can sell in a package, in order to increase sales and grow usage across the network. It’s also a great way for Yahoo! to provide increased value to our paying customers, both businesses and consumers. In 2001, we started to provide bundled portal and broadcast services to our Enterprise Solutions customers. Yahoo! plans to roll out packages for consumers and small businesses during 2002, some of which will be bundled with our access and distribution offerings.
> Move from agent to principal: Yahoo! has primarily been an aggregator of content, but moving forward we will look to be a principal or owner in certain areas, where it makes financial and strategic sense and the return is greater than sharing the customer or user with a partner. As part of our goal to become a princi- pal in the careers space, we successfully launched a bid for HotJobs in December 2001 (which closed on February 12, 2002). By owning our own channel in the online segment of the recruitment marketplace, Yahoo! will obtain additional revenues through listing and subscription fees from recruiters and employers. In some cases we may build our own offering rather than acquire, which is the approach we took with Yahoo! Personals.
> Selectively pursue acquisitions and partnerships: In addition to launching our acquisition of HotJobs in 2001, Yahoo! acquired Launch Media, Inc., in order to create a competitive online music service, building off the world’s largest collection of on-demand music videos, exclusive artist features and music news.
The biggest news in 2001 in terms of partnerships was our relationship with SBC to jointly deliver high- speed Internet access in SBC’s 13-state region and provide dial-up service nationwide in the U.S. The rela- tionship draws upon each other’s strengths in order to meet common business objectives. We will continue to pursue more access partnerships both in the U.S. and international markets, as well as partnerships for other areas of our business where it doesn’t make strategic or financial sense for Yahoo! to own certain assets.
Yahoo! Around the World
During the past year Yahoo! has worked diligently to maintain and grow our leadership position around the world and we continue to reach the world’s largest global audience. Our presence in 24 world properties and

13 languages is one of the company’s strongest assets and we have applied our overall business goals to assist in better managing our international operations.
We are continuing to develop our business outside of the U.S., and in Brazil we strengthened our position in that country by acquiring local portal Cadé?. We also added to and reinforced our strong international man- agement team by making key hires in our regional offices, including experienced new senior level executives who will be working to grow our business in Europe and Asia. Profiting from the power of Yahoo!’s global net- work, we have also signed major advertising and marketing services deals with FIFA and HSBC, demonstrating our commitment to utilizing our global network to provide significant revenue, brand and marketing opportuni- ties for clients at local levels worldwide.
Financial Overview
As a result of our efforts to build for the long term, we also achieved some short-term benefits by delivering some strong financial results to end the year on a high note. We delivered full year revenues of $717 million and pro forma EBITDA* of $44 million, which was significantly above our business outlook. Our results from one quar- ter to the next in 2001 demonstrated ongoing stability, despite the challenging economic and capital markets, and even while many changes were taking place beneath the surface in terms of our revenue mix and client composition. The percentage of revenue from non-marketing services businesses, particularly transactions and fees, represented 25 percent of total revenue for the full year, nearly doubling in percentage terms from the 13 percent it represented for the full year 2000. During 2001, our transition in customer base from pure play Internet companies to companies in more traditional lines of business continued, and we now believe that the majority of the transition in behind us. While many companies saw their balance sheets deteriorate during 2001, Yahoo!’s remained strong and we ended the year with almost $1.5 billion in cash and marketable securities.
I’d like to thank our shareholders, customers, partners and employees for the tremendous support you have shown throughout the year. 2001 was clearly a transition year for Yahoo!. However, we responsibly managed through with our eye on the longer-term horizon and made strong progress in a variety of areas.
As a result, we’ve entered 2002 with a quiet confidence that we are firmly in control of our future. While we will continue to face new challenges, we are extremely excited about the future and believe we are well positioned to drive profitable growth in 2002 and the years ahead.
Terry Semel
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
*Pro forma EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, acquisition related costs, stock compensation expenses and restructuring charges.
 YHOO6
One goal.
Your success. Passionately delivered.
A lot has been written about Internet advertising in the past year. Unfortunately, a lot of it has been wrong. Because while it’s true that demand for conventional buttons and banner ads burst with the dot.com bubble, we believe the hunger for creative, efficient online marketing solutions will grow. Yahoo! remains a leader and pioneer in this arena, helping to fulfill the promise of the world’s most powerful marketing medium.
YHOO7
 