 DEAR YAHOO SHAREHOLDER
Yahoo’s Board of Directors and management team are moving our company forward with one clear priority: delivering shareholder value. This commitment has been consistent and long-standing, reinforced by a series of
clear actions and results: Strategic Alternatives
Throughout most of 2015, with broad shareholder support, we pursued a spin-off of our remaining equity stake in Alibaba Group Holding Limited. Despite extensive work on the transaction, developing market concerns around perceived tax risks led our board to suspend efforts on the spin-off in December. We continue to believe
in the substantial potential value that can be unlocked by separating this equity stake from Yahoo’s operating business.
To that end, in February 2016 we announced
the formation of a Strategic Review Committee of independent directors to explore strategic alternatives for Yahoo. Our efforts to explore such alternatives—including a potential sale of Yahoo’s operating business—are unequivocally aimed to create and deliver value for our shareholders. In addition to realizing the value
of our improved operating business, the right transaction could unlock further value in Yahoo’s
equity stake. As we seek this outcome for our shareholders, the Board and management team are fully aligned and moving expeditiously.
Operating Business Transformation
As we pursue possible strategic alternatives, we are, in tandem, bolstering the strength of Yahoo’s operating business in order to maximize value
in any scenario. In 2012, we set out to return this iconic company to greatness, and we have made tremendous progress. Today, there is no doubt that Yahoo is a stronger, more modern company. Most notably, we’ve built new businesses across the fastest growing areas of digital advertising: mobile, video, native, social (which we call “Mavens”). In 2015, Mavens delivered more than $1.6 billion of revenue, reflecting 45% growth year-over-year. These meaningful revenue streams did not exist when current management started nearly four years ago, and they show strong progress towards our transformation.
As we continue to improve our operating business, we recently announced a four-point 2016 Plan with clear, decisive initiatives to further accelerate growth and improve profitability.
1. Play to our strengths to grow user engagement. For consumers, we’re focusing on our three global platforms: Search, Mail, and Tumblr, and four core vertical utilities: News, Sports, Finance, and Lifestyles. For advertisers, we’ve dramatically simplified our go-to-market story with two key offerings: Gemini and BrightRoll. By concentrating efforts on these areas of strength, we’re deepening user and advertiser engagement with products they love.

 2. Drive Mavens revenue growth. By focusing
on growing engagement and monetization
for our core consumer products, we expect
to drive long-term, sustainable growth in Mavens revenue. In addition to monetizing
our consumer products, we see great progress with our Mobile Developer Suite, which leverages the tools and talent of our Flurry acquisition to cultivate Yahoo’s developer network and expand advertiser reach.
3. Simplify the business to improve execution.
While we’ve sunset more than 120 non- strategic legacy products and features during current management’s tenure, we continue to act decisively to consolidate our products and to retire those that haven’t
met our aggressive growth goals. And, to further improve profitability and focus, we’ve reduced investments in legacy products. We also continue to explore ways to generate value from other assets, including real estate and IP. As we’ve shared before, management has already delivered nearly $600 million of total cash value from IP monetization.
4. Efficiently align resources. By spending thoughtfully, and operating effectively, we’re further streamlining the business to drive profitability. Recently, we made the difficult but necessary decisions to reduce our workforce by approximately 15% over the course of the year. By the end of 2016, our workforce will be approximately 42% smaller since Q1 2012.
Capital Allocation
Beyond our efforts to improve the strength
and value of Yahoo’s operating business, our commitment to maximize shareholder value extends to our track record in capital allocation. Since early 2012, we have reduced our fully diluted share count by approximately 270 million shares by returning nearly $10 billion in capital proceeds to our shareholders through buybacks. While we thoughtfully invested in acquisitions to bolster Mavens growth, we returned more than four times as much capital directly to shareholders over the same period.
With more than two decades of rich history, this
is Yahoo’s moment to realize the tremendous value in our business. We will continue to aggressively pursue strategic alternatives, coupled with continued improvements in our operating business. The Board and management team
are fully committed to delivering value to you, our shareholders, and to position Yahoo for the strongest future.
Above all else, thank you for your continued confidence and support.
Marissa A. Mayer
CEO & President, Yahoo
David Filo
Co-founder & Chief Yahoo
