   To Yahoo!’s Shareholders, Users, Partners, Customers and Employees:
When reviewing Yahoo!’s progress over the past three years since I joined, it’s clear that 2001 was our transition year, 2002 the year in which we started to plant the seeds for growth, and 2003 the year
in which we began to reap the initial results of our efforts, while continuing to reinvest in the future.
I am very proud of the hard work, dedication, and accomplishments that Yahoo! employees throughout the world have delivered.
While we made tremendous progress in many financial metrics that are extremely gratifying, what excites me most about this past year is our deepening relationships with our users. Our No. 1 priority is to provide the best experience on the Internet. As the quality of our products and services continues to improve, the more relevant Yahoo! becomes to our hundreds of millions of users, who in turn are spending more time on our network
Terry Semel
and using a greater variety of services. This accomplishment supports my belief that great products equal great business.
Our Company provides a comprehensive marketing solutions platform for advertisers as well as premium products and services for users and businesses. Within that framework, Yahoo! has evolved from an organization that relied on a single revenue source dominated
by dot com advertisers, to an organization with more diverse and sustainable sources of revenue. Through our premium services, we have established direct paying relationships with millions of users. By establishing the world’s largest engaged online audience and providing a full range of services along the online marketing continuum, Yahoo! is supported by hundreds of blue chip traditional advertisers and thousands of small- and medium-sized businesses who want to reach our global audience. This well distributed foundation helped contribute to make 2003 Yahoo!’s greatest revenue producing year in its history.
Full year 2003 revenue was $1.6 billion, a 71 percent increase over 2002. We delivered record revenue from one quarter to the next throughout the year, reflecting the growing diversity of our business and the contributions from these newer, more sustainable revenue sources. Yahoo!’s balance sheet also grew throughout the year to almost
$2.6 billion in cash and marketable securities, after including the
$733 million raised through our convertible debt offering, and despite cash expenditures used for the acquisitions of Inktomi Corporation (“Inktomi”) and Overture Services, Inc. (“Overture”). I encourage you to read more about our financial results in the materials which accompany, and are a part of, this letter.
Great Products Equal Great Business
Let’s spend some more time on that one simple philosophy that has always guided my approach: the more we invest in what our users want, the more they will invest in us. In 2003, we spent the majority of our investment dollars improving the

quality and breadth of our services. As we made across-the-board improvements in Yahoo!’s business, we were rewarded with more users, who visited more frequently, consumed more pages, and used more services, both free and fee- based. Additionally, these user relationships are key to building a powerful and high impact advertising environment.
In 2003, our global audience grew to approximately 263 million unique users, up 23 percent from approximately 213 million at the end of 2002. Approximately
133 million, or about half, were active registered users (those
that log in with a username and password at least once per month), up more than 30 percent from
101 million in 2002.
In pursuing our philosophy of great products equal great business, we targeted four key user product areas for focus and investment in 2003:
Web search and commerce:
Yahoo! has deployed its Yahoo! Search Technology across our network, which now relies predominantly on Yahoo! technology to deliver search results, and is the culmination of our ongoing commitment to build the best search experience on the Web. Key to this implementation was our March 2003 acquisition of Inktomi and our October 2003 acquisition of Overture, through which we gained a portfolio of algorithmic and sponsored search technology and patents and an outstanding team of talented employees. These assets
put us in a much better position
to develop an innovative, high quality search experience that benefits both users and businesses. In 2003, we also began the process of integrating search throughout vertical areas of Yahoo!’s network, starting with product search, which resulted in a dramatic increase in the year-over-year growth rate of referrals to Yahoo! Shopping, and an early version of news search within Yahoo! News.
Premium and fee-based services:
We ended the year approaching
5 million unique paying relationships, a 123 percent increase from approximately 2.2 million
unique paying users at the end of 2002. This is the fastest growing subset of users on the Yahoo! network. Access bundled with Yahoo! content, through our relationships with SBC Communications Inc. (“SBC”) and British Telecommunications plc (“BT”), remains the largest contributor to our paying relationships. SBC Yahoo! DSL is the only broadband service in the United States to experience five consecutive quarters of double-digit subscriber growth. Our alliance with SBC continues to lead the industry as a truly integrated access and content relationship. In 2003,
our two companies launched an enhanced version of SBC Yahoo! DSL, providing our members with one of the most innovative broadband experiences available.
We also extended our broadband strategy globally, through the launch of BT Yahoo! Broadband in the UK in September 2003, and recently we
announced our first cable alliance with Rogers Cable in Canada.
In addition, we experienced solid contributions from Yahoo! Mail, our suite of Yahoo! Small Business services, Yahoo! Personals, and our Yahoo! Fantasy Sports offerings in football and baseball to our total paying subscriber number.
Communications products:
We created a better experience for Yahoo! Mail users by improving its functionality, adding new features, reducing spam, and providing more aggressive anti-virus tools. As a result, Yahoo! Mail has become the No.1 Web-based email in
the United States according to Nielsen//NetRatings. We have also seen positive results in our other communications products. For example, after a dramatic overhaul of Yahoo! Photos in December, we witnessed a surge in new Photos accounts, up 136 percent over the previous three months. Look out for more upgrades to our other communications products, such as Yahoo! Messenger, in 2004.
Media and Content: We invested in our media and content sites by making them more relevant and comprehensive, and through the introduction of features such as community and broadband
content. Many of our media and content offerings experienced increases in users and time spent, and Yahoo! Finance, Yahoo! Games, and Yahoo! Movies are all ranked No.1 in audience reach according
to Nielsen//NetRatings. Since its redesign in 2003, Yahoo! Sports leads in page views and has the largest base
 
of Fantasy Sports users on the Web and LAUNCH leads in streaming music videos. Finally, we’ve spent the last 12 months significantly improving our HotJobs offering and growing our share with job seekers, so that HotJobs is well positioned to benefit from the eventual turnaround in the jobs market.
By building a fantastic user environment and attracting the world’s largest engaged online audience, we have also created an environment that is extremely appealing to advertisers.
Largest & Most Diverse Online Advertising Platform
The tremendous performance within our marketing services business in 2003 is the result of
our efforts over the past three
years to build, buy and partner
in order to create the largest and most diverse advertising platform
on the Web. As a result, we benefited from our broad exposure to small- and medium-sized businesses as well as global, blue chip advertisers. We almost doubled our global marketing services revenue year over year. While this growth was aided by acquisitions, our full-year 2003 legacy growth rate for the entire marketing services business was approximately 40 percent, and accelerated in each quarter throughout 2003. Growth came from two key areas: (1) marketers seeking brand solutions to drive overall awareness and differentiation; and (2) businesses looking for
an immediate return on their
marketing commitments through lead generation services such as pay-for-performance search.
Yahoo!’s share gains and revenue growth in 2003 were the direct result of focused execution of our customer-centric selling strategy. For example, we further developed vertical category expertise, which creates and provides solutions to fit advertisers’ needs across categories such as entertainment, automotive, and financial services. We also localized service and support, and conducted thought leadership seminars on critical issues in the industry, such as creativity.
As we have strengthened our
ability to understand and deliver upon our clients’ needs, we believe we are driving deeper relationships with brand advertisers and they
are becoming increasingly satisfied with the results of online advertising. Yahoo!’s inventory value increased
as a result of the growing
importance marketers placed on having a presence on Yahoo!.
We continued nearly all of our
top 200 customer relationships
from 2002 to 2003, which is largely weighted towards traditional,
blue chip advertisers. We also experienced a healthy double-digit year-over-year increase in our top 200 customer revenue.
We also benefited from the rapid growth in the pay-for-performance category as businesses of all sizes took advantage of this affordable and highly effective channel to acquire customers. Ongoing product improvements in Web
search, vertical integration of paid search into parts of Yahoo!, as well as the incremental contribution from our Overture acquisition, were the most significant factors contributing to our success in this large area of opportunity.
The integration of the Yahoo! and Overture operations has proceeded well, and the combination seems even more compelling than we initially thought. We’re excited about our progress in testing and implementing Overture’s Content Match product into Yahoo! properties, such as Entertainment, Finance, Travel and Yellow Pages, with many other verticals to come. In addition, we’ve introduced Overture’s pay-for-performance model to Yahoo! businesses in Europe and Asia. Yahoo!’s Small Business team and Overture are also working closely together to develop synergies and cross-sell their existing products, as well as develop new products and marketing initiatives. In addition, Overture’s great track record with distribution partners has enabled them to attract and retain key accounts, and combined with Yahoo!’s growing query scale, has created a marketplace that is healthier and more robust than ever.
Looking Ahead
While we are excited with our progress to date, I intend to keep the company focused on several key opportunities ahead. I’m mindful that we’ve only just begun to take advantage of some of the tremendous opportunities on the Internet; however, I believe that we have built a strong framework for long-term success, in which further,
 
ongoing improvements in all of our businesses and products and services will be a natural progression from where we are today.
Product quality and innovation
will continue to be Yahoo!’s top priority, in order to encourage users to invest more time with Yahoo!. As more users move towards the Internet, we intend to further differentiate Yahoo! products and services. As we enrich the user experience, we believe we will be able to build even deeper relationships, and we expect to
use this as the basis to grow our premium services business.
A couple of years ago, when
many still questioned if people would even pay for services on
the Internet, I suggested Yahoo! could ultimately reach a target
of 10 million unique paying subscribers. In two short years, we’re already almost half way
there, and at this time I feel more confident than ever that goal is very achievable in the foreseeable future.
Second, we will invest in delivering more and better broadband content and services. Industry analysts forecast that by the end of 2005 there will be more broadband than dial-up households in the United States. We believe that Yahoo!, which already has the largest proportion of users that come to us on a broadband connection and the deepest relationships with them through our access relationships worldwide, is well positioned to take a large share of this emerging space. In 2004, we will place a greater emphasis on the integration of more video and audio in areas
such as search, media, and communications to enhance our core free services, along with the expected introduction of several new premium services.
Third, we will focus on continued international growth. We planted seeds in key international markets in 2003, and we have already seen early successes, mirroring some of the progress previously made in the U.S. Brand advertising is starting to show signs of improvement. Search and pay-for-performance advertising is a fast growing global opportunity that Yahoo! is addressing by integrating our algorithmic and monetization technologies. In 2004 we plan
to extend even more fee-based services, and expect greater growth from our BT relationship and
Yahoo! Personals, which currently exists in a number of European and Asian countries. We are also addressing the important emerging Internet market in China through our recent acquisition of keyword search business 3721 Network Software Company and our auctions- based joint venture with SINA Corporation, to complement our strong and growing businesses in Taiwan and Korea.
Fourth, we will build upon our success offering marketing solutions to a range of clients and plan to extend our leadership within the industry. We are entering 2004 with an attractive advertising platform, made up of the world’s largest and most engaged online audience, the most diversified suite of marketing services, and broad exposure to an array of clients from small- and medium-sized businesses
to blue-chip advertisers. With this as our starting point, we plan to drive our leadership in online advertising even further.
In Closing
I am proud of where Yahoo! is today. Without a doubt, we’re demonstrating the growing strength and diversity of our business, and we’re extremely
well positioned to benefit from some of the most exciting business opportunities of our time.
My sincere thanks to our shareholders, users, partners, customers, and employees for your continuous support, which has helped us come this far this fast.
Moving forward, we are setting the bar even higher. We are a leader and we plan to extend that leadership. We will continue to demonstrate that we can be nimble, make smart decisions, and stay focused. More importantly, we are aware that our challenge is not simply to deliver strong growth for the next few years, but rather, to help ensure Yahoo!’s long-term, sustainable growth.
Our passion is to never stop trying to make Yahoo! better, and we’ve only just begun.
Terry S. Semel
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
  