  More
Than just another year.
During the year, the Internet cemented its legacy as the most significant and effective medium ever created, with notable increases in the number of online consumers and the amount of money spent on marketing, commerce and business services online. The Internet’s commercial impor- tance will continue to grow dramatically, as there is no other medium that can provide essential lifestyle services for consumers, while at the same time delivering truly global, targeted and measurable marketing programs to companies.
Dear fellow stockholders and friends:
Year 2000 was one of opportunity and change, and Yahoo! thrived on the challenge. By almost any measure, Yahoo! outperformed the industry and took market share despite a difficult industry and economic environment in the second half of the year. We also continued to innovate and develop new services to expand our user base and make the com- pany increasingly essential to individuals and companies worldwide. As a result, Yahoo! enters 2001 with a solid foundation and the assets, scale, focus and drive to become the Internet’s leading global consumer and business services company.
Industry change creates new opportunities
three

 While the Internet was validated as a medium in 2000, the industry surrounding it changed. As with all previous high- growth industries, a very normal phase of consolidation began occurring as certain financial models were proven or disproved. In addition, the financial markets pulled back substantially in 2000, making capital almost impossible to obtain for early stage companies that had not already achieved scale. For many companies, this pull back was quicker and deeper than expected.
• Yahoo! continues to be the No. 1-ranked network world- wide (Nielsen//Netratings, November 2000), with the highest reach globally. We finished the year with 24 World properties in 12 languages.
company and gives it the chance to prove the value of its network to the world’s largest businesses, we are experi- encing this transition at the same time that economic conditions are worsening. We plan to responsibly manage through this period by maintaining a focus on the longer- term horizon, which we continue to believe affords great opportunities for growth.
Next step in our evolution
We believe this consolidation will separate the strong from the weak and, ultimately, reward companies like Yahoo! that have strong core assets, a healthy leadership position and financial strength. While we will manage responsibly through the current transition period, we have great confi- dence in our plans and prospects for long-term growth.
• Yahoo! has become an increasingly essential service in the lives of our consumers. By year-end 2000, our world- wide consumer base grew to more than 180 million people, and our average daily page views climbed to 900 million, nearly double our total at year-end 1999.
Our second area of major strategic importance is business and enterprise services. Currently, our two major services are Corporate Yahoo! and Yahoo! Broadcast Services. Yahoo! will continue to align with enterprise channel and service partners, and we have established a dedi- cated team to focus on our corporate and enterprise sales efforts.
To maintain that momentum and expand our management expertise, we announced in March 2001 that we have initiated a search for a new CEO to join our team. I will remain as chairman and CEO until the search is completed, and then I will continue as an active and dedicated chairman.
Year 2000 highlights
Key to this growth has been our ability to continuously expand our offerings, attract new members and drive increased usage. During 2000, this included the introduc- tion of new business and enterprise services and premium services, generating new streams of revenue for the company. You’ll find an expanded discussion of many of these services, and the contribution they are making to our business, beginning on page 28 of this report.
Our third investment area focuses on serving the growing demand from our members to provide premium services. In 2000 we successfully laid the groundwork by rolling out a number of premium — or “for pay” — services. In 2001 we plan to add additional premium services in the areas of personal finance and investing, communications, commerce and digital entertainment.
This initiative is an extension of our drive to add great senior-level talent to our company, thus increasing our bench strength and positioning us for the next phase of growth.
Yahoo!’s performance and strong core assets mean it is among the best-positioned companies to emerge from the current market environment with greater leadership. Addition- ally, the strength of our balance sheet and our conservative fiscal discipline provide us with the ability to invest in our glob- al platform and deliver long-term value for our shareholders, consumers, business partners and employees. During 2000, we continued to meet or exceed our stated goals across all key metrics. Among the year’s highlights:
Our plan for 2001
To help us meet these objectives, we have focused our entire organization on the following priorities:
We have built a solid foundation and have seen tremendous growth over the last six years. As we enter our seventh year, we will stay as focused and determined as ever to capture the opportunity in front of us. My sincerest thanks go out to our clients, consumers, content and service partners, employees and stockholders. The success of our business to date would not have been possible without you, and we value your continued support.
• Yahoo! delivered record revenues of more than $1.1 billion, reflecting growth of nearly 90 percent year over year.
While the current economic conditions facing all businesses are challenging, the good news is that Yahoo! possesses a set of strong core assets and stronger financial position. That means the company has the freedom to take the proactive operational and competitive steps necessary to drive long-term growth and stockholder value.
• •
Turning visitors into members, by deepening our relation- ships with our consumers to a level that results in members committing to our essential services;
The Internet opportunity is only just beginning and we know we have lots of work to do in the years to come. As a result, we are consciously building and investing in key initiatives to pursue our goal to make Yahoo! the Internet’s leading global consumer and business services company.
• Non-U.S. operations represented 15 percent of total con- solidated revenues during the full year, excluding Yahoo!’s 34 percent interest in Yahoo! Japan. Business services accounted for 10 percent of consolidated revenue.
Managing our business through this transition period will require strength, focus and financial discipline. We will bal- ance Yahoo!’s objective to come out of 2001 as a leader in our key initiatives with the need to adjust our near-term business plan to reflect the cyclical economic and capital market slowdown that we are currently experiencing. We are confident that we can achieve this goal, while we also continue investing in key strategic growth areas to capture the significant long-term opportunities that lie before us.
Evolving our general content and Web applications into true consumer services, by constantly increasing the value of our personalized offerings, resulting in Yahoo! becoming more essential and relevant to our members daily lives;
• Pro forma operating cash flow, or EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), increased to $411 million, up 117 percent from 1999. This demon- strates Yahoo!’s strong business model, giving the company financial and operating flexibility few companies can match.
•
Transitioning our customers into partners, by becoming more essential to our business partners, and by addressing their needs through integrated marketing and business solutions;
Sincerely,
• With almost $1.7 billion in cash and marketable debt securities, and zero debt, Yahoo! ended the year in its strongest financial position ever. Looking forward, our strong balance sheet is an important asset and a key resource as we execute on our goal to increase our market position during the current industry transition.
Our first priority: strengthening our core marketing services business. Perhaps the most important change Yahoo! will experience is the ongoing transition in our client base toward companies in more traditional lines of business. While this change contributes to making Yahoo! a stronger
•
Evolving our corporate culture, by continuing to adapt to the changing business conditions and environment.
Timothy Koogle Chairman and CEO March 30, 2001
four
five
• Yahoo! established itself as one of the top 40 most valu- able brands in the world and the most valuable Internet brand. According to Interbrand (June 2000), Yahoo!’s brand is valued at $6.3 billion.
2000 was a significant year for both Yahoo! and the Internet. Our company adapted and excelled through the challenges and changes that occurred — especially during the second half of the year — and demonstrated that we are building a powerful franchise that is becoming increasingly essential to businesses and consumers.
•
Transforming managers into leaders, and adding bench strength at senior levels to continue building a sustain- able organization that is poised to capture the massive opportunity in front of us; and,
