DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

 
When I joined Yahoo! last January, the economy was in rough shape. The year that followed was unprecedented in business and-like many leaders-I'm glad it's over.

Yet 2009 was also transformational for Yahoo!. It proved to be a great opportunity to restructure, reset, and position us for
the next era of growth. Thanks to these efforts, we ended the year on much firmer footing-just like the economy.

A YEAR IN PHASES

I view my first year at Yahoo! in three phases. First, we took a hard look at our performance for our most important audience-the  more  than  600  million users who visit Yahoo! sites every month. We made it a priority to focus on the products that these users engage with the most, and that generate the most value for Yahoo!. That's why throughout the year
we invested in and innovated around our most important products: the Yahoo!
Homepage, Mail, Messenger, Search, News, Sports, Finance, Entertainment, and Mobile.

Getting these products right is imperative to increasing user engagement. We prioritized investments in these products and also decided to close down products that didn't drive engagement or proudly represent the Yahoo! brand.

The second phase was listening to advertisers to learn how to improve our relationships with them. We have one of the largest, highest-quality audiences on the Internet. And we're constantly coming up with new ways to connect advertisers with the consumers they  seek,  whether it's through quality data and insights or innovative advertising platforms.
 
In the third phase, we really started to focus on how we generate value-especially with the vast amount of data we generate and collect every day. Through better systems and tools, we can use that data to deliver
a better, more personal experience for users, and a better, more targeted audience for our advertisers. We're the leader in targeting and insights, but we can and must do even better to optimize user and advertiser experiences across our network.

And as we moved through these three phases, we made real progress in many areas:

•	We reset the management team and reorganized.
•	We launched our new homepage and expanded our suite of great mobile products and applications.
•	We refreshed Yahoo! Messenger, Yahoo! Mail, and some of our other key properties.
•	We introduced new advertising products and upgraded existing platforms to drive improved advertiser Return on Investment ( ROI) .
•	We initiated efforts to modernize our systems and code bases throughout Yahoo!.
•	We launched the first global brand campaign in our history to connect with users on a whole new level.
•	And, of course, we signed the Search and Advertising Sales Agreement with Microsoft.

And last, but certainly not least, we clearly identified our long-term company priorities
 
so all of Yahoo! can execute in lock-step together: deliver "wow" consumer experiences, grow advertising leadership, achieve global scale , build winning teams, execute the Yahoo! and Microsoft Search and Advertising Sales Agreement, and
of course hit our financial goals.

A LOOK AT OUR FINANCIALS

Throughout 2009, Yahoo! held up well in an extremely difficult environment, even as the advertising budgets of many
of our largest customers were cut dramat ically . Despite pressure on
advertising sp end ing , the clear shift of dollars from offline to online advertising continued globally. Considering that we entered the year facing one of the worst economic climates ever, we were pleased to deliver $6.5 billion in revenue, down just 10 % from the prior year.

Our focus on streamlining operations and prioritizing investments continued in 2009. We made some tough decisions and our focus on efficiency is beginning to sho w.
In fact , Yahoo!'s total operating expenses came down by nearly $1 billion last year, even as we continued to invest aggressively in our core businesses . We plan to continue balancing our need to reinvest in innovative user experiences and best in class advertising technology with improving
our margins and return s.

In 20 0 9 , we generated cash flow from operating activities of $1.3 billion, and free cash flow of $957 million1. In an uncertain economic environment, we concentrated on managing our cash conservatively so our balance sheet would remain strong, giving us plenty of flexib ilit y. Our cash and marketable securities balance at the  end of 2009 stood at $4.5 billion, up nearly $1
 
billion from the end of 2008. This does not include the value of our direct and indirect interests in publicly traded securities-our 35% interest in Yahoo! Japan and our 29% indirect interest in Alibaba.com in China, which collectively amounted to $9.5 billion at year-end .

We've also been more deliberate about returning some of our healthy cash balance to you, our shareho ld ers. During 2009, we repurchased 7.4 million shares
for $113 m illio n. And during the first quarter
of 2010 , we bought back another 24.8 million shares for $385 million. We're committed to repurchasing at least enough to offset the dilutive effects of our stock-based awards, and we plan to buy more when ap p ro p riate .

2009 ACHIEVEMENTS AND MILESTONES

Of all our operational, tactical, and efficiency improvements in 2009, the most important was a clear articulation of Yahoo!'s visio n: to be the center of peop le's online lives.

It 's now reflected in everything  we do. And, the best illustration is our redesigned Yahoo! Homepage. It brings together the information and services that we know are the most important from your  world  and the world around you. And, it  does  it  in our most elegant and personalized presentation ever. The new homepage allows you to bring in leading apps from
dozens of sites around the Web, and offers up more personalized and relevant news. We're constantly optimizing the homepage for both consumers and ad vert isers,
and expect to continue to evolve the experience in 2010.
 
We also reached a historic agreement with Microsoft that will power our search results and make Yahoo! the exclusive worldwide sales force for both companies' premium search ad vert isers.

We believe this unique alliance will improve the financial returns in our search business, and allow us to continue to innovate around a more personally relevant consumer search experience on our network. Creating  the best search experience is where we will differentiate ourselves and compete vigorously-without spending the billions required to participate in the arms race
that generating search results has b eco me.

Ultimately, we believe the combination of investments for future growth, more
efficient operations, and Microsoft-related savings will enable us to significantly improve Yaho o!'s financial performance for the long-term.

IMPROVING YAHOO! FOR USERS

In addition to our homepage redesign, we launched other significant  enhancements to many of our most popular products in 2009 as part of our vision to be the center of people's online lives.

These enhancements included a number of innovations in our leading communications services. We infused Yahoo! Mail with great applications from Flickr, PayPal, Evite, and more, and we added more intuitive photo sharing. Yahoo! Messenger is more social­ allowing users to easily discover updates from Flickr, Yahoo! Buzz , and Twitter-and now incorporates our best ever video chat at no cost.

Speaking of video, we're bringing more and more of it to all our sites-and users
 
and advertisers love it. From our widely watched live stream of the U.S. presidential inauguration last January to our growing stable of original, sponsored short video programs like "Tech Ticker," "Sports
Minut e," and "Prim e Time in No Time," we're providing more high-quality video to users throughout our network.

In fact, "Prime Time in No Tim e," our daily recap of the most interesting events on prime time TV, is one of the most streamed shows on the Int ern et . One day last fall
it boasted upwards of 12 million st ream s, more than the audience of some of the most watched shows on TV.

We're bringing all of the great experiences users expect from Yahoo! to mobile devices, as well. Today, people in nearly every country in the world use our mobile Internet services including Yahoo! Mail, Messenger, Search, Finance, Flickr, Fantasy Sp o rt s, and more. And we've been developing these experiences across thousands of handsets, including high-end devices like the iPhone, BlackBerry, and
soon Android. We're a trusted partner with more than 100 OEMs and carriers helping distribute our products.

And behind the scenes with all of these products, we're modernizing our platforms so we can innovate more quickly in every corner of the world. This enables our
most important goal: building fantastic products on top of those platforms that deeply engage our users, giving them that "wow" experience.

Bringing great experiences to our users also goes beyond providing their favorite content and services from all over the Internet on any device. We want to ensure Yahoo! users have the highest quality
 
advertising experiences they can. That's why we launched a number of advertising quality initiatives in 2009, such as removing intrusive ads on Yahoo! Mail.
And in the interest of user privacy, we also recently launched our Ad Interest Manager, allowing users to select how we serve ads to them on our network.

The trust, protection, and engagement
of our users is our top priority. While some of these initiatives may reduce short-term revenue, we strongly believe they will improve the advertising experience and contribute to protecting consumer privacy and transparency online.

BECOMING MORE VALUABLE TO ADVERTISERS AND PUBLISHERS

In addition to improving the product and advertising experience for users, we did
a lot to expand on our leadership position in online advertising in 2009.

A couple of my favorite enhancements were designed to leverage Yahoo!'s strong position in both search and display advertising. First, we introduced Rich Ads in Search, bringing the best of display advertising to search marketing. We're
the first search engine to offer a program for brand advertisers to use rich media (including video) directly in their search ads-creating more engaging user experiences and new branding opportunities for marketers.

Second, we introduced retargeting features that use search insights to enable better targeting of display ad s. Understanding
a user's intent when they enter a search query and then serving them a relevant display ad improves both ad relevance
 
and the potential for conversion. Plus it makes for a great experience for the user.
Our expertise in both of the key forms of online advertising uniquely positions Yahoo! for innovations like these.

We also made enhancements to our sponsored search marketing system in 2009, including new demographic and behavioral targeting functionality, substantially better matching technology, and improved ad sched uling . And we built further on our dynamic pricing abilities, continued to optimize ads based on user behavior, and enabled advertisers to port search campaigns from other search engines directly into Yahoo!.

Earlier this year, we introduced search platform enhancements that enable advertisers to more precisely tune their keyword bids to maximize ROI. Even as we make preparations for our anticipated migration from Yahoo!'s sponsored search platform to Microsoft's, we'll  continue  to do all we can to tune the marketplace
and help our advertisers and publishers maximize their ROI on Yahoo!.

LOOKING AHEAD

So that was 20 0 9. It was an important year for Yahoo!, when we made fundamental changes and  improvements  throughout the business. And as we  continue into 2010, we're excited by the incredible opportunities ahead. That's why this
year you'll see us focus on the following five areas:

1.	Creating great experiences for our consumers, including more social, mobile and video features, and improved local context.
 
2.	Super-serving the largest display advertisers with our  unique  blend of science, art and scale that blends insights and analytics; creativity; impressive reach and frequency; and ROI.
3.	Continuing to grow our search
business, with a focus on volume and revenue improvements.
4.	Implementing the search alliance with Microsoft.
5.	And, of co urse, continuing to drive operational excellence throughout the Company to drive margin expansion and increased return on investment capital. Our goal is to get each of these metrics to the 15-20% range
in 2012.

I came to Yahoo! last year because I believed in its fut ure. Fast-forward to today and I believe we're in a better position than ever. Everything we've done in the past year and  everything  we plan to do positions us for extending our leadership and improving returns in the years ahead . And it all would not have been possible without our customers, partners, developers, employees and,
of course, you-our shareholders.

Thank you for your continued interest and support, and I look forward to  delivering on Yahoo!'s tremendous promise in the coming years.

Carol Bartz
Chief Executive Officer





1 Free Cash Fl ow ($957 milli on) is a non- GAA P fin ancial m eas ur e de fin ed as cash flow from opera tin g acti vities ( $1.3 b illi o n ) ( ad ju sted to include excess tax benefit s fr om st ock -based awa rds ($ 108.5 milli on)). less net cap it al expend itur es ($433 .8 milli on) and dividends r eceived ($ 27.6 milli on).
