     Tim Koogle
When we established Yahoo!, we set about to create the only place in the world that anyone would have to go to find, and get connected to, anything or anybody. To this end, we have been relentless in extending our navigational guide platform and further expanding into all areas of content, merchant serv- ices, communication, and community. We have done this with an increasingly global set of media proper- ties, which covers a large portion of the world’s online population. Today Yahoo!’s global, comprehensive branded network of media properties satisfies a truly massive audience of users.
We’re providing a place where the world meets.
As new users continued to gravitate to Yahoo!, our user traffic has grown, as have the number of con- tent providers, advertisers and merchants who rely on Yahoo!. In fact, all measures of use rose sharply
in 1997. Yahoo!’s traffic grew more than threefold from December 1996 to an average of 65 million page views per day in December 1997, maintaining our position as the #1 navigational service on the Web. The number of unique, adult Yahoo! users in the U.S. surpassed 26 million per month in 1997. We tripled our advertiser base to 1,700 during the fourth quarter of 1997 from 550 during the fourth quarter of 1996. This rate of growth in audience and advertiser base is the hallmark of a successful media company; it fueled the 242% rise in our revenues in 1997 to $67.4 million and drove our core earnings growth. In fact, exclud- ing non-recurring charges, 1997 pro forma net income was $2,208,000, or $0.04 per share.
President and CEO
to our shareholders
1997 was another landmark year for Yahoo! as we continued to build on and leverage off of the solid foundation we put in place during 1996. We have created a unique and powerful gateway to the Internet, a trusted meeting place where users, content providers, advertisers and merchants come together. We ended the year as we began it, the leader in audience size, traffic and advertising revenue among Internet navigational services. Internet growth has exceeded expectations, and so has Yahoo!.
As a result of this tremendous growth, Yahoo! continues to be ranked as the #1 Web site among work users, the #1 navigational service among both work and home users and the leading Internet navigational service in number of users, traffic, reach and brand awareness – all a reflection of our relentless focus on content and services, brand equity, and distribution.
While we proudly maintained our leadership position in audience size, traffic, and advertising revenue among Internet navigational services, it is the explosive growth of our content and services which has firmly established Yahoo! as a dynamic, global media company. Providing both the best services for con- sumers and a global distribution platform for content providers, advertisers, and merchants, continue to be our highest priorities.
During 1997, Yahoo! extended its content, commerce, communication, and community offerings on a wide number of fronts. Yahoo! News (http://dailynews.yahoo.com) and Yahoo! Finance (http://quote.yahoo.com) were ranked the #1 sites for users seeking up-to-the-minute general news and financial information. All of our other sites are also popular with users seeking everything from music and sports news to children’s content to weather reports. Yahoo! also provides its registered members with the best personalized Web experience. Whether it’s Yahoo! Finance, Yahoo! Chat (http://chat.yahoo.com), Yahoo! Classifieds (http://classifieds.yahoo.com) or My Yahoo! (http://my.yahoo.com), we enable users to personalize the service to their specific interests. Whatever content or service you are looking for, Yahoo! helps you find it.
9

      1997
                                                                                         1996
       23%
                                            8%
     Q4'97
                       1996
1997
           $3.4
$14.1 $8.9
Q2'96
Q4'96 Q2'97
$25.1
          10
11
During the year, easy one-click access to product information and online merchants related to music, books, automobiles, financial services, travel, and more, was threaded through many of our media properties. We also launched the Visa Shopping Guide by Yahoo! (http://shopguide.yahoo.com), which brings consumers together with hundreds of online and offline merchants in the most popular product and service shopping cat- egories. Through these and a broad number of other initiatives, Yahoo! is establishing itself as the primary place for buyers and sellers to meet on the Web.
and Canada. Yahoo! properties have established leading positions in Japan, the U.K./Ireland, France, and Germany since they were launched, and we intend to become as popular in overseas markets as we are in the United States.
Yahoo! added an array of rich communications tools and services for members in 1997. With the acquisition of Four11 Corporation, we gained the Web’s largest people directory as well as high-quality Web-based e-mail technology. Our Yahoo! Mail service (http://mail.yahoo.com) now offers members a free e-mail account acces- sible from any Net-connected computer anywhere in the world, and the advantage of having one e-mail address for life, whether they move, or change jobs or Internet service providers. As the growth of Web-based “freemail” accelerates, we see this value-added service as an important new avenue to bring more users to Yahoo! and to each other. During the year we also introduced Yahoo! Chat and message board services. These tools, combined with our People Search (http://yahoo.four11.com) and Yellow Pages (http://yp.yahoo.com) capabilities, have led individuals to build a strong and growing Yahoo! community of loyal members. As a result, users are spending more and more time with Yahoo!.
Our regional versions of Yahoo! are just that – developed locally in each country, created in the native language with local content and distribution partnerships, making our regional sites an integral part of the community. This is why our geographic Yahoo! sites have been so successful and why Yahoo! is becoming a truly comprehensive global brand. It is also why these sites are becoming attractive to multinational advertis- ers who are able to use Yahoo! for global advertising programs with messages tailored to local audiences.
During 1997 we made significant investments in building Yahoo!’s brand and local services throughout the world. We now have 11 region or country specific sites outside the United States: in the United Kingdom/ Ireland, France, Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Southeast Asia, Australia/New Zealand, Japan, Korea,
As we invested substantially in the business, growing our worldwide presence, we managed our business carefully and demonstrated the strength of our core business model by generating a positive cash flow from oper- ations this year. Our balance sheet remains strong with available cash and investments exceeding $107 million.
Quarterly Revenue
Yahoo! Leads in Awareness
President and Chief Executive Officer February 27, 1998
(Millions)
Online Intenders (50 Million)
In addition to increasing our worldwide presence, we took several important steps in 1997 to expand our distribution, build user awareness of Yahoo!, and increase traffic through our gateway. Yahoo! is now broadly distributed across the Web with direct links to our service from more than 900,000 third-party Web pages. Yahoo! is a featured search service on Microsoft’s Internet Explorer 4.0 browser, and the exclusive third-party provider of global directory services on the MSN Premier subscription service and the free MSN.com Web site. Yahoo! is also a premier search and navigation provider on Netscape browsers. In addition, Yahoo! services are now available to users directly from the desktops of Compaq Presario and Gateway computers.
With all the accomplishments of 1997, we still feel that Yahoo! has only begun to tap its potential. Yahoo! has become a leader in its market and is helping establish the Internet as a dominant global medium. We fully intend to maintain and extend our leadership position by aggressively growing our global audience as well as our advertising and commerce revenues. Like all successful media companies, we continue to focus on building our strong brand, delivering quality content and services, and securing broad, global distribution. We have a proven approach to aggregating content and services. We have a well-recognized, trusted brand and a large, dedicated and loyal audience of users. We have a broad and growing presence around the world. And we have a team of extraordinarily talented and dedicated people who are aggressive in extending our market position.
Yahoo!’s significant growth in popularity and acceptance during this past year would not have been possi- ble without the tremendous support we continue to receive from our users, content providers, advertisers, merchants, and you, our shareholders. Thank you for your support of and interest in Yahoo!. We look forward to reporting on our continued progress in the months and years ahead.
Tim Koogle
