Over the last several years, we have built our
capabilities to become a global leader in
transportation and supply-chain solutions.
The progress made in 2006 is key to achieving that goal. We delivered another year of record revenue and
operating profit. For the fourth straight year, our return on committed capital exceeded our
weighted average cost of capital. We also improved the speed and efficiency of our asset-based networks and we continued to enhance our
presence around the world, especially in China. Our joint ventures there provide the platform for
significant expansion in 2007 and beyond. We have a unique and powerful opportunity to follow
our 800,000-plus customers around the world and
create value for them, as well as our employees
and our shareholders. At the end of 2006, we announced three structural
changes that will accelerate our performance.
We established the YRC National Transportation organization—which puts the strategic direction of Yellow and Roadway under one management
team— to create better efficiency, resource utilization and capital management. We will also have the opportunity for further differentiation
and faster growth from these two great brands.
The Enterprise Solutions Group was formed to
make it more convenient for our larger, more
complex customers to do business with us and
give them an easier way to access all of our brands
and capabilities. Again, we see great opportunity
for faster, more profitable growth as an outcome
of this new approach. Finally, we consolidated USF Bestway into USF Reddaway, creating an even stronger regional portfolio of companies.
USF Reddaway, USF Holland, USF Glen Moore and New Penn are all recognized as leaders in their respective markets with strong brands and a history of
providing great service.
So the journey continues along the same strategic
path we set for ourselves several years ago. In
many ways, the year ahead is one where we will
“connect the dots” by leveraging and integrating
the capabilities we have assembled while focusing
on faster growth and greater efficiency.
As has been the case in the past
—
and will be in
the future
—
our people make it all happen. And
I want to thank each of them for their efforts
in driving our continued success. Whether they
work in a business unit, Enterprise Services,
technology, or the corporate staff, their contribu-
tions are highly valued and greatly appreciated.
2006
was an exciting and productive year in
many ways, but
2007
will be a year where we
bring it all together for our employees, customers
and shareholders.