Dear Shareholder,
Our string of delivering record revenue and income in each of the past four years came to a halt in 2007. Results were dramatically impacted by a soft economy, as well as disappointing performance in some
of our operating units.
Yellow and Roadway, our national companies, performed well throughout most of the year despite the challenging environment. YRC Logistics made significant progress internationally, particularly in China, where we are in the process of completing the acquisition of a ground-based transportation network.
Performance in our regionally based companies varied widely, with New Penn delivering strong results throughout the year. On the other hand, USF Reddaway, USF Holland and USF Glen Moore recorded disappointing results due to both the economy and operational issues.
Late in 2007, we established the YRC North American Transportation organization under the leadership
of Mike Smid. This organization, which includes all our asset-based companies, enhances our ability to manage our networks more comprehensively going forward, while providing the regional companies access to new technology, business tools and operational support.
This year we will be implementing a new five-year labor agreement which provides meaningful flexibility that will improve our competitive position and open up opportunities in new markets.
Our growing presence in Asia will allow us to participate in the significant economic expansion that part of the world is experiencing and will enable a seamless connection to our North American networks. To further capitalize on international growth, we are implementing a technology solution that will provide global supply chain visibility to our customers throughout the world.
The positive feedback we received from our largest and most complex customers regarding the Enterprise Solutions Group serving as the single point of contact across our companies encouraged us to take the logical next step of combining our three corporate account organizations into a single group early this year. This consolidated sales group will provide easy access to all our transportation capabilities, simplifying the process for corporate customers while improving service at the same time.
No one can accurately predict the economic backdrop for 2008, but when the economy begins to recover, we will benefit significantly from our operating leverages, our new labor agreement and the progress we have made globally. Until then, we will focus intently on cost management and operational improvements, as well as capitalizing on the growth segments of our business.
Despite recent challenges, it is gratifying to have been named Most Admired in our industry by Fortune magazine for the sixth consecutive year. This series of awards recognizes the proud history of our company, and validates that we are on the right path going forward.
Finally, we appreciate our investors and customers worldwide, as well as the support of our 60,000 employees, who enable us to stay focused on the future.
William D. Zollars Chairman of the Board, President and CEO YRC Worldwide Inc.
                                                   Global Reports LLC
