         Dear
partners,
can have is when you beat your financial plan and set the table for future
growth. I’m pleased to report 2002 was just that kind of year for Yum! Brands.
Our stated long-term goal is to grow our annual earnings per share by at least 10% every year. In 2002, we grew ongoing operating earnings per share 19%. We also said 2002 would be a year of revenue growth, and we deliv- ered on that promise, with 12% revenue growth. We expanded our core international restaurant portfolio by 6%, and at the same time, we achieved our 2% blended same store sales target in U.S. company-owned restaurants. Our U.S. systemwide same store sales, including the sales of our franchise partners, performed even better—up 4%. Internationally, we once again set a new record for traditional restaurant openings, 1,051 to be exact, and grew international ongoing operating profits 22%. Worldwide restaurant margins also reached an all time high at 16%, up 1.2 points versus last year. Our Return on Invested Capital was 18%, the highest in the quick-service restaurant industry. By any measure, 2002 was an outstanding year for your company.
With all this good news, I by no means want to gloss over the challenges we face. We obviously have both our opportunities and issues and I will deal directly with them in this letter. Let me start by acknowledging that our U.S. business competes in a very challenging and competitive marketplace. Some pundits, in fact, have written that the U.S. quick-service restaurant industry is oversaturated and mature. Maybe so for some brands and some com- panies. But we are building Yum! for long-term growth around three unique building blocks that differentiate us from our competition and provide an exciting growth opportunity. We are anything but your ordinary restaurant company. Let me explain.
I’m sure you’ll agree the best year any business
      3.
       
         #1 DRIVING INTERNATIONAL GROWTH. We clearly can make the case that no other restaurant company has the kind of opportunity
we do outside of the United States. One of the things that we are most proud of
is that our international team has more than doubled its ongoing operating profit
in the five years we have been a public company. With a track record of adding about 1,000 new restaurants per year in each of the last three years, our international busi- ness is now our largest and fastest growing division.
We now have
a very experienced
team of talented international executives and 560 franchisees operating in over 100 countries and territories.
What’s more, there are only two competitors in our category of any size, McDonald’s and us, competing for the international share of stomach. Consider this: McDonald’s earns over $1 billion a year in international profit; we earn nearly $400 million and the next largest competitor is Burger King, which earns about $50 million. As you can imagine, the biggest challenge to building a business outside the United States is achieving operational size and scale for profitable growth and making sure you have the people capability to execute. Through a lot of hard work and years of investment (thank goodness the money losing investment years were by Pepsico), we now have a very experienced team of talented international executives and 560 franchisees operating in over 100 countries and ter- ritories. It will take new entrants years of investment to reach our size and scale. The capability we have built is a huge competitive advantage underpinning our growth.
Let me dimensionalize our company’s opportunity. In 1992, McDonald’s had a little over 4,000 international restau- rants—today they have over 16,000. When you look at Yum! today, we have about 11,800 international restaurants with essentially two global brands—more than 6,800 KFCs and over 4,400 Pizza Huts. We’re committed to doubling our number of international restaurants in the next eight to ten years by continuing to grow at a clip of 1,000+ new restaurants a year with KFC and Pizza Hut. Not to mention the opportunities multibranding may unleash with Taco Bell, Long John Silver’s and A&W. While we see our level of new restaurant development increasing gradually, we are not predicting a more rapid increase because to do so could threaten the high standards we have for our returns.
We’re focusing our international company operations in seven countries that account for about 70% of our ongoing operating profit in 2002, with China, the United Kingdom, Mexico and Korea receiving the majority of our company’s capital investment because the returns are terrific. Our franchise and joint venture partners are driving system growth by opening about 65% of our new international restaurants. Importantly, our partners are using their capital, not ours, to grow their business as we do not invest in our franchisees’ real estate, like some other franchisors do.
China continues to be our rising star with approximately 800 KFCs and 100 Pizza Huts. In China, we have one of the largest real estate teams, not just in the restaurant industry, but in any industry. Another unique advantage in China is that we have our own distribution system that gives us coverage in every major province and access to
          Customer Mania is taking hold around the world. At a recent team dinner hosted by KFC Malaysia Holdings, Restaurant Managers from throughout Asia dressed in their country’s tradi- tional costumes and celebrated Customer Mania.
Above With over 100 Pizza Huts in China, the brand is the country’s leader in the casual dining category.
Right Celebrations marked the opening of the 700th KFC in China (we opened our 800th in 2003!).
4.
       
         almost the entire population of 1.3 billion people. As a result of these capabilities, combined with the superlative operating skills of the Chinese team, we are currently opening more than 200 restaurants in China each year. I’m more convinced than ever that KFC in China will one day become a bigger business than KFC in the U.S. After all, KFC is the Chinese customer’s favorite brand of any kind...period.
 The biggest challenge we face today is developing new markets...getting to scale in
Continental Europe, in Brazil with KFC, and in India with Pizza Hut. Opening up KFCs
in Germany is a challenge given consumers’ unfamiliarity with the brand and their
preference for beef products. As a result, we plan to test KFC-A&W multibrand
restaurants in Germany in 2003, providing consumers with a hamburger option.
Results for KFC in France and Holland have been very promising. We now have an
outstanding group of well-capitalized franchisees to grow Pizza Hut in India. And we
just formed a joint venture in Brazil with experienced food service operators who
have the local knowledge to help us get up and running. But it’s tough sledding
because building operational capability outside the U.S. takes time. Our approach is to be patient and ever-mind- ful of overall profitability and returns. Our international business self funds its new development from the cash flow it generates, and we have a very disciplined process to ensure we maintain and build our high returns on capital.
As I hope you can tell, we’re truly excited about our international opportunity. We have little competition and lots of runway to continue growing profitability. The facts speak for themselves. We are building a powerful interna- tional business and our goal is to be nothing less than the premier global restaurant company. We intend to grow our international profits at a mid-teens rate, with great returns for years to come.
#2 MULTIBRANDING GREAT BRANDS. The question I get asked most often is how do you compete in the tough U.S. market? Our answer is to be the best in the world at providing customers branded restaurant choice. We have category-leading, highly differentiated brands with proprietary products that succeed as stand-alone restaurant concepts. Yet our customers have told us loud and clear that we can break away from the pack by offering two of our great brands in the same restaurant. We call it multibranding, and here’s why it’s such a big idea.
For years, McDonald’s has been the envy of the industry for their high average U.S. unit volumes, at about $1.6 mil- lion, almost twice that of the average Yum! Brands restaurant in the U.S. One reason why McDonald’s has such high volumes is they offer the consumer more choices. In fact, they offer seven different types of food—everything from burgers, chicken, fish, and shakes to breakfast. McDonald’s has something for everybody and this drives sales.
We’re committed to doubling our number of international restaurants in the next eight to ten years by continuing to grow at a clip of 1,000+ new restaurants each year.
         “It’s all about my customers. They tell me they come here because there is something for everyone in the family. Burgers for the kids, fish for mom and a Root Beer Float
for dad.”
Stephanie Hankins, Long John Silver’s/A&W
1,975 of our nearly 33,000 restaurants are now multibranded and account for almost $2 billion in annual system sales.
We have the potential for
13,000 multibranded
units in the U.S. alone.
 5.
       
         However, historically, each of our brands has focused on one food category. Pizza Hut has pizza in its name. KFC means Kentucky Fried Chicken. Taco Bell stands for Mexican-style food. And every time we’ve tried to broaden our appeal by moving into new categories, it fails because our brands stand for just one thing. No one’s looking for a KFC or Taco Bell hamburger. But at the same time, consumers do want more choice and convenience. And, what we’ve proven is that consumers love the idea of getting variety with branded authority—accessing two brands in the same restaurant—multibranding. Our research tells us that customers prefer multibranded restaurants 6:1 over stand-alone brands, and we are listening and responding to the voice of our customer.
We started with combinations of KFC-Taco Bell, and Taco Bell-Pizza Hut. We learned that we were able to add $100,000 to $400,000 per unit in average sales, dramatically improving our already strong unit economics. We then began testing multibrand combinations of KFC and Taco Bell with Long John Silver’s, the country’s leading seafood restaurant, and A&W All-American Food, which offers a signature frosty mug Root Beer Float and pure-beef ham- burgers and hot dogs. Based on proven and encouraging multibrand test results, we acquired Long John Silver’s and A&W this year. With this acquisition, we have more than tripled our multibranding opportunities in the U.S.
Because of the significant sales increases we are generating with multibranding, we are remodeling much of our existing U.S. asset base by adding a second brand. This will help us dramatically change our U.S. business over the next five years. We are also opening high return new restaurants in trade areas that used to be too expensive or did not have enough population density to allow us to go to market with one brand. With multibranding, we believe we now can realistically take both KFC and Taco Bell to at least Burger King levels of U.S. distribution. Burger King has about 8,000 units in the U.S., with $1+ million average unit volumes. In comparison, Taco Bell and KFC each have over 5,000 restaurants. As we expand Taco Bell and KFC by adding Long John Silver’s and A&W under the same roof, we expect to take volumes to an average of at least a $1.1 million per restaurant. As we do, we plan to make Long John Silver’s and A&W national brands and dramatically increase their marketing clout.
Our biggest remaining concept challenge is to develop a multibranding combination for Pizza Hut. We have formed a licensing agreement with Pasta Bravo, a California fast casual chain with an outstanding line of pastas at great value. We will begin testing Pasta Bravo with Pizza Hut’s dine-in restaurants in 2003. Next year I hope to report very good results on this initiative. We are confident multibranding will be every bit as successful for Pizza Hut as it has been for our other brands.
You might be thinking, if multibranding is such a big idea, why aren’t you moving faster? The quick answer is that we want to do this in the best possible way. The biggest executional issue we face is building the operating capa- bility to successfully run these restaurants. As you would expect, these restaurants are more difficult to run because of the added complexity of offering two menus. To tackle the executional challenge, we have dedicated a team of
         As we expand Taco Bell and KFC
by adding Long John Silver’s and A&W under the same roof, we expect to take multibrand volumes to an average of at least $1.1 million per restaurant.
“I believe in my team. And they know that everyone in the restaurant is critical to making each customer who comes in our store feel like they are our #1 priority.”
Allison Hale, RGM
Taco Bell, Southern Multifoods Inc.
6.
       
         our very best operators to develop simplified operating and training systems. Our operating measures and margins now approach those of our single brand units, but we still have much work to do. However, given the sales and profit upside, the pain of working through the executional issues is more than compensated for by the gain we are gen- erating. The best proof of this is that over 40% of our multibrand units are being opened by franchisees putting their own hard-earned money in the game. Since franchisees only get behind initiatives that make sense for their customers and long term economics, you can tell from their investment they’re as excited about multibranding as we are.
The bottom line is we now know multibranding is potentially the biggest sales and profit driver for the restaurant industry since the advent of the drive-thru window. Asset sales leverage is the key to profitability in any retail category, and multibranding provides that leverage for us. Our goal is to ultimately offer two brands in the vast majority of our restaurant locations. We added almost 350 multibrand locations this year. With over 1,975 multibranded restaurants, multibranding now represents nearly 6% of our worldwide system and about $2 billion in annual system sales.
Importantly, this strategy is very unique to Yum! We have a portfolio of leading brands. We have a huge asset base of existing restaurants that is not capacity constrained. We have unpenetrated trade areas. We have a great head start. And we’re really just getting started. Our goal is to transform the quick-service restaurant landscape with multibranding.
#3 IMPROVING OPERATIONS OF OUR
GREAT BRAND PORTFOLIO WITH CUS-
TOMER MANIA. As you can see in this chart, we have the
leading brands in four major categories: pizza, chicken, Mexican-
style food, and seafood. A&W also gives us a quality hamburger
chain. Make no mistake. Growing these core brands is Job #1 for us!
Over the past 15 years, we’ve averaged about 2% blended domes-
tic same store sales growth. Yet, we’ve had some inconsistency by
brand (especially quarter to quarter) because we know we’re not nearly as good as we should be at running great restaurants and making our customers happy. The rude reality is that our customer survey results indicate we rank only in the middle to bottom tier on the basics, and the attitude we convey to our customers is frankly not as con- sistently positive as it needs to be. We know the more our customers can count on a trusted experience every time they visit one of our restaurants, the more consistent our sales will be. In 2002, Yum! was up 2% on a blended or combined same store sales basis in the U.S. Taco Bell led the way, with same store sales up 7%, and KFC and Pizza Hut were only flat, so clearly we can and should do better.
LEADERS IN FOUR FOOD CATEGORIES
(QSR Sales)
SOURCE: NPD Group, Inc./CREST
•Mexican 65% •Chicken 46% •Seafood 33% • Pizza 15%
65% 46%
               7.
We are the
leader in the
chicken,
 “Customer Mania to me is the determination to have each and every customer that comes through your door become a repeat customer—for life.”
Jim Vavrek, LJS/A&W Area Coach
pizza,
seafood & Mexican quick-service categories.
       
          To address this obvious opportunity, we launched our innovative Customer Mania training program this past year. We define Customer Mania as 100% CHAMPS with
a YES! CHAMPS stands for the basics (Cleanliness, Hospitality, Accuracy, Maintenance, Product Quality, Speed of Service). YES means we bring the customer a positive “can I help you” attitude every time. And we’re on a mission to make Customer Mania a real- ity in every one of our 32,924 restaurants.
We intend to continue to grow our earnings per share at least 10% every year!
We are now training our 840,000 team members once a quarter, every quarter from here on out, on how to be Customer Maniacs. We’re teaching our frontline team members lifeskills that will help them be successful in what- ever they ultimately decide to do in life. And we’ve now empowered the frontline team members to solve customer issues on the spot without having to get approval from their restaurant managers. We firmly believe that by stay- ing after this day after day, year after year, we will become the very best in our business at providing consistently good service. Today Wendy’s is rated one of the best, and we take our hats off to them. One day it will be each of our brands competing with one another for the top spot.
Customer Mania is driving improvement as we speak. To date, customer complaints are down and compliments are up. We are making improvements in speed at Taco Bell and Pizza Hut. And KFC has improved product quality. The key to great restaurant operations is the capability of our people, and our team member turnover is now 128%, well below the industry average, and much better than last year’s 156%. Team members appreciate the investment we are making in them. They know they are important. We’ve never had this foundation before, and it will help us deliver a more trusted customer experience, and drive more consistent sales growth.
The Customer Mania journey has just begun and we clearly have sales upside as we climb up the customer service ladder. We can and must get better. Our goal is to be the best restaurant operator in our industry.
OUR TABLE IS SET FOR FUTURE GROWTH: On October 7 of 2002, we celebrated our fifth anniversary as a public company. We’ve nearly tripled our ongoing operating earnings per share since our spin-off from Pepsico. We’ve improved our balance sheet in every conceivable way by being financially disciplined and improving operations. We’ve moved from Tricon to Yum! Brands with the acquisition of Long John Silver’s and A&W. We now have great brands in every major category.
        “Customer Mania is contagious. If you’re happy and smiling it changes your mood and your customer’s mood. Put the customer first, recognize and appreciate your
team and watch
what happens!”
Franchise KFC/A&W RGM Jennifer Dodd,
Luihn Food Systems
yes
attitude, culture, &
mindset, 100% of the time.
8.
       
      We clearly set the table for the next five years and our goals are bold: • be the premier global restaurant company,
• transform the QSR industry with multibranding,
• become the best QSR operator in the world, and last but not least,
• be the best restaurant company investment.
Given our unique international, multibranding and operational growth opportunities, we intend to continue to grow our earnings per share at least 10% every year. If we can deliver even better results, like we did in 2002, we will. Our challenge going forward is simple: Execute and get better and better and better at what we do.
As a shareholder, I want you to know the five key measures we’re focused on to gauge our performance:
HOW YOU SHOULD MEASURE US 1) International Expansion...we want to add at least 1,000 new units and grow earnings at least 15% each year. 2) Multibranding...we want to add at least 400 units per year in the U.S. and grow that number every year. 3) U.S. Blended Same Store Sales Growth...we want to grow our same store sales at least 2% per year. Looking at our core U.S. business on a blended basis reflects the advantage of owning a portfolio of category-leading brands, diversified within the quick-service industry. The blended measure is unique in our industry and so are we. The portfolio allows us to hedge the inevitable ups and downs at each of our brands, and combined with multibranding, increases our capability to deliver at least a 2% blended same store sales growth rate in 2003 and beyond. 4) Franchise Fees...we generate over $860 million in franchise fees with minimal capital investment. We expect to grow fees 4–6% each year. 5) Return on Invested Capital...at 18%, we are leading the quick-service restaurant industry. We expect to maintain our high returns by continuing to drive 16% margins in stores we own and by meeting or exceeding our high standards for returns on new capital investments. This will enable us to continue to generate substantial cash flow each year.
UNMATCHED TALENT I’m confident we will execute our unique strategies because of the outstand- ing people we have in our company and our tremendous franchisees. We have a team that loves the restaurant business and is passionate about achieving greatness. I am privileged to be working with the best talent in the restaurant industry. Together, we are creating a customer mania and recognition culture that is allowing us to retain and recruit the very best. We believe in our formula for success: people capability first, satisfied customers will fol- low and then Yum! will make more money, and be an even greater investment for you.
I’d like to thank our dedicated team members, restaurant general managers, franchise partners, and outstanding Board of Directors for their many contributions and commitment to customer mania. I’d particularly like to thank Jeanette Wagner, who retired from our board this year, for her positive energy and support.
The table is set and the opportunities are ours for the taking...I hope you agree we are anything but your ordinary restaurant company.
YUM! TO YOU!
David C. Novak
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 9.
    