       With 14% Earnings Per Share (EPS) growth in 2006, we’ve exceeded our +10% annual target for the fifth straight year, proving the underlying power of our global portfolio of leading brands delivers consistent growth!
Dear Partners,
Our internal rallying cry is to go for greatness around the globe, and while we have our challenges, I think you’ll see from this report that we are well on our way with a long runway ahead of us.
Fueled by continued profitable international expansion, dynamic growth in China, and our strong and stable U.S. cash generation, I’m pleased to report we achieved 14% Earnings Per Share (EPS) growth in 2006. That’s the fifth straight year we’ve exceeded our +10% annual target, proving the underlying power of our global portfolio of leading brands enables us to deliver consistent double-digit EPS growth. We also dem- onstrated our global growth by opening over 1,000 new restaurants outside of the U.S. for the sixth straight year in a row—1,181 to be precise. What’s more, we are a proven global cash flow generator, provid- ing major shareholder payouts. Specifically, after investing $614 million in capital expenditures to grow our core business, we returned our free cash flow to shareholders with $1 billion in share repurchases— reducing our shares outstanding by 6%—and a 1% dividend yield (a total shareholder payout of 7% when considering dividends and reduc- tion in outstanding shares). Given this overall strong performance, our share price climbed 25% for the full year, and we’re especially gratified that our average annual return to shareholders is 15% for this decade.
More importantly, we remain bullish about the future and are confident that we will continue to grow our EPS at least 10% each year. We have four powerfully unique strategies that bolster the sentiment that we are Not Your Ordinary Restaurant Company. Here’s how we’re going for greatness around the globe:
  David C. Novak
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Yum! Brands, Inc.
 Not Your Ordinary Restaurant Company!
                                                  1
     
 1,822
 KFC McDonald’s
Units in Mainland China
business, with +20% store level margins and a cash pay- back on investments of less than two years. We uniquely own our food distribution system that gives us coverage in every major Chinese province. This has allowed us to expand KFC across 402 cities, and bring Pizza Hut to 62 cities. We also have one of the largest real estate teams of any retailer in the world that opened 364 new restaurants in 2006. And we continue to grow our people capability ahead of the business by recruiting and retaining talent with highly sought, well-paying jobs.
The investment in infrastructure has given us an incredible head start to tap an unprecedented opportunity. I liken it to the days when Colonel Sanders, Glen Bell, Dan Carney and Ray Kroc started KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and McDonald’s, creating category leading brands in the U.S. that today reg- ularly serve 300 million consumers at over 30,000 U.S. restaurants. The Chinese middle class already represents the size of the entire U.S. population, with 300 million urban customers who can afford our food. Make no mis- take, we are the pioneers on the ground floor of a booming category in a growing mega market and we fully expect to capitalize on the total opportunity.
That’s why our goal is to build dominant restaurant brands in every significant category. So in addition to KFC and Pizza Hut casual dining, we’ve recently developed and are successfully expanding Pizza Hut Home Service. We’ve also created our own quick service restaurant chain, East Dawning, tailored to the local favorites of the Chinese customer. We are offering affordable great-tasting Chinese food in appealing facilities that separate us from local competition. Our team is convinced that we will make East Dawning a success and believe long-term it could be our highest potential concept because—guess what? Chinese people like to eat Chinese food!
Since I’m always asked how big we think we can be in China, I’ll give you my crystal ball answer: We’re in the first inning of a nine-inning baseball game. We clearly have a long runway
784
  #1
Build Dominant China Brands
in Every Major Category!
With KFC and Pizza Hut, we already have the dominant brands in their respective categories in the fastest growing economy in the world, with 1.3 billion people. To prove the point, KFC has 1,822 quick service res- taurants compared to 784 for McDonald’s, our nearest competitor. Pizza Hut has 254 casual dining restaurants and there is no other substantial casual dining chain in mainland China.
The major factor for our success is that we have an out- standing local team that has worked together for over 10 years to build these brands the right way from scratch. The team started with the vision to become not only the best restaurant company in China, but the best restaurant com- pany in the entire world. I’m proud to say that we are doing just that. I know this sounds like hyperbole, but you have to see it to believe it. Just ask any analyst, investor or con- sumer who has visited our Chinese restaurants, and they will tell you we are building best-in-class brands and operations. What’s more, it’s our highest return international equity
   Great
Restaurants!
 China is our highest return international equity business
with +20% store level margins!
  2
   
      for growth in mainland China. We believe KFC can be every bit as big in China as McDonald’s is in the U.S., achieving 15,000+ units; Pizza Hut Casual dining can equal the casual dining leader in the U.S., Applebee’s, achieving 2,000+ units; Pizza Hut Home Service can equal category-leader Domino’s in the U.S., achieving 5,000+ units; and East Dawning is tap- ping into the Chinese equivalent of the hamburger category. So who knows how high is up? In total, we believe we have the potential for over 20,000 units down the road. Of course, as my father has pointed out to me many times, potential means you haven’t done it yet, but that’s what has us so excited. It’s out there for us to go do!
With all the optimism in China, the other question I get is “What can go wrong?” Well, in the past three years, we have weathered SARS, the avian flu, and an ingredi- ent supply issue, with each having significant negative impacts. Of course, events like these are always a possi- bility. One thing I’m sure of is we will undoubtedly have our ups and downs, but as I said last year, and I’ll say it again, there is no doubt in my mind that one day we will have more restaurants and more profits in China than we do in the U.S. We will continue to push the pedal to the metal in this great country.
CHINA DIVISION KEY MEASURES: +20% OPERATING PROFIT GROWTH; +18% SYSTEM SALES GROWTH; 400 NEW UNITS/YEAR.
#2
Drive Profitable
International Expansion!
Yum! Restaurants International (YRI) had one of its best years ever in 2006, delivering system sales growth of +9% and operating profit growth of +12%, both in local currency
Some day, we believe we’ll have more restaurants and profits in China than in the U.S.
and excluding last year’s extra 53rd week. This resulted in YRI achieving record operating profit of $407 million. YRI operates in over 100 countries and territories outside of China and the U.S., and we have averaged about 4% net new unit development annually. The great thing about YRI is that 85% of the business is owned and operated by franchisees who are generating almost $500 million in franchise fees, requiring very little capital on our part, and opening up 90% of the new restaurants.
As with China, YRI has a huge upside in terms of inter- national expansion. KFC and Pizza Hut already are global brands. Yet we only have 6,600 KFC and 4,700 Pizza Hut restaurants in countries that have a combined population of four billion people—so obviously that’s got long-term global growth written all over it.
There’s no question YRI is a diverse, high-return business. Witness the fact that we opened 785 new traditional res- taurants across six continents last year. That’s the seventh straight year of this level of new unit growth. We’re focused on profitably driving international expansion in three global arenas—franchise-only markets, established company- operations markets, and emerging, underdeveloped mar- kets with huge populations.
When you examine our franchise business, these restau- rants generated franchise fee growth of 11% in 2006, in local currency and excluding the 53rd week. I want to especially recognize some great franchise business units for their exceptional system sales growth in 2006: Asia +10%, Caribbean/Latin America +13%, Middle East/ Northern Africa +19%, and South Africa +25%.
The single biggest competitive advantage we have at YRI is that we already have our global infrastructure in place with over 750 dedicated franchisees. Our only major competitor is McDonald’s. And when you think about the future, this gives us a great head start because it takes an enormous amount of time and money to really establish our brands on an international basis. In fact, other major
  YRI is a diverse, high-return business, opening 785 new traditional restaurants across six continents last year.
3
     
U.S. restaurant brands have tried and failed to expand internationally. Consequently, we don’t expect most U.S. competitors to have significant international businesses for a long time to come.
We continue to focus our company ownership in markets where we generate significant returns and profitable unit growth. I was particularly pleased in 2006 to announce that we purchased the remaining 50% interest in 544 Pizza Hut restaurants in the United Kingdom from Whit- bread, PLC. Pizza Hut is the leader in casual dining in the U.K., which historically has been one of our strongest mar- kets. While KFC is very strong and profitable in the U.K., Pizza Hut has had some challenges in recent years with our joint venture structure, and we are confident that we will be able to right the ship. We have already established a new management team that’s bringing new energy to the busi- ness. I’d also like to congratulate our Australia and Mexico teams on their ability to continue to drive consistent profit growth. South Korea continues to underperform and we are working aggressively to turn the business around.
We are also vigorously pursuing growth in big, underdevel- oped Yum! markets. We’re very proud that a consumer survey last year in The Economic Times ranked Pizza Hut in India, with 127 units, as the #1 most trusted brand among 21 to 40 year olds. We also have had early success opening 21 KFCs in India featuring not only our delicious chicken, but also a local vegetarian menu. In Russia, we have gained immediate strength and scale by partnering with Rostik’s, the country’s number one fast food chicken chain, giving us about 100 restaurants overnight. (By the way, it took us ten years to develop 100 restaurants in
China and India.) We’ve begun to convert those restaurants to KFCs and the business is promising. We’re also mak- ing significant progress in other European markets where McDonald’s has a huge profit base. You might be surprised to learn that our very highest KFC unit volumes in the world are in France. We’re basically on the ground floor of these emerging markets, and we’ve established the infrastructure and people capability to build on our initial success.
One question we’re always asked by customers around the world is “When will we get Taco Bell?” We’ve just begun executing our strategy to take Taco Bell global. Our plan is to open new restaurants in Mexico, the Middle East, India, Japan, Canada and the Philippines over the next couple of years. Whereas Pizza Hut and KFC brought U.S. brands to established categories, chicken and pizza, our task is much more difficult with Taco Bell because we have to establish the Mexican food category and the brand, both of which are unfamiliar in most countries. We will learn as we go and look forward to reporting on our progress.
INTERNATIONAL DIVISION KEY MEASURES: +10% OPERATING PROFIT GROWTH; +5% SYSTEM SALES GROWTH; 750 NEW UNITS/YEAR.
#3
Improve U.S. Brand
Positions & Returns
The foundation of our company is in our portfolio of category-leading U.S.-based brands. These brands have demonstrated outstanding economics on a stand-alone basis, and our U.S. business is very stable. We have aver- aged 2% profit growth the past five years, and in 2006, we generated over $1 billion in operating cash flow.
      4
Great
Brands!
 We continue to focus our company ownership in markets where we generate significant returns and profitable unit growth.
     
     Nevertheless, we think we should do much better and we are falling short of our goal to grow profits 5% every year. Our number one challenge is to improve U.S. profitability and returns.
Later in this report, each of our brand presidents will tell you how they are making their brands more powerful by building even more relevance, energy and differentiation for our customers. Both Taco Bell and KFC are coming off steady performances, up 1% each in same store sales after stellar performance in 2005. Our most urgent chal- lenge is to turn around Pizza Hut, which was down 3% in same store sales and a drag on our overall U.S. profits. We are in a transition phase with Pizza Hut and expect to see both same store sales and profit growth improve in 2007 as the year progresses.
I’m particularly proud of the Taco Bell team for weathering a produce supply incident impacting our restaurants in the Northeast during December. Brands can go either forward or back on how they deal with a crisis, and our customers told us we did a very good job. As we move ahead, Taco Bell will be leading the industry by requiring our suppliers to test produce at the farm level, in addition to the test- ing already being done by the produce processors. This additional precaution will enhance our stringent food safety standards for all our brands and give our customers added assurance that our produce is as safe as possible.
Taco Bell is the second most profitable quick service restaurant brand in the U.S. after McDonald’s. Given the enormous progress we have made at Taco Bell over the last five years, we are now in the position to open a significant number of stand-alone Taco Bells along with KFC/Taco Bell multibranding units. We are achieving posi- tive net new unit growth at Taco Bell and are targeting to do the same across our entire U.S. business by 2009. McDonald’s has 14,000 traditional units in the U.S. and we only have 5,000 traditional Taco Bells and 5,000
The biggest single advantage in the U.S. is that we already have 18,000 under-leveraged restaurants. When you look at the highest performing ones, the volumes are almost twice what our system averages are!
KFCs, so there’s plenty of virgin territory. We also continue to develop Long John Silver’s and A&W All American Food for multibrand expansion, although we are still working on improving the appeal of both brands.
I think the biggest single advantage that we have in the U.S. is that we already have 18,000 under-leveraged res- taurants. Just think of the investment it would take today to establish that level of asset base. The good news is we don’t have sales capacity constraints, and we are contin- uously remodeling or replacing existing restaurants with new image decors to make them more contemporary and relevant. When you look at the top 10% of our highest per- forming restaurants, the volumes are almost twice what our system averages are. So clearly we can sell a lot more pizzas, a lot more tacos, and a lot more chicken. Stra- tegically, we are pursuing daypart and menu extensions, testing breakfast, late night, desserts and new bever- ages to leverage our huge asset base. Recently, we’ve opened our 1,000th WingStreet multibranding concept with Pizza Hut, delivering to our customers a delicious line of branded chicken wings, while driving incremental sales and profits.
In addition to pursuing operations improvement, and new unit growth, we continue to pursue refranchising. I’ve talked about this concept since we started our company. If we can run our stores well and provide great returns to our shareholders, we’ll own the restaurants. If our com- pany operations are not getting margins that well-exceed our cost of capital, we’ll refranchise our restaurants to franchisees who can do a better job of running them. Our 2008 target is to go from 23% total U.S. company owner- ship today to about 17%, which will help improve returns and overall operation of our restaurants.
U.S. BRAND KEY MEASURES: 5% OPERATING PROFIT GROWTH; 2–3% BLENDED SAME STORE SALES GROWTH.
   5
 Great
People!
More than 1,000,000 great Customer Maniacs around the world put a smile on customers’ faces every day!
     
 #4
Drive High ROIC & Strong
Shareholder Payout
Yum! has been able to generate an 18% Return On Invested Capital(ROIC),whichwebelieveisthebestintheindustry. We have been able to do this by investing in our high-return China and YRI businesses, while simultaneously exiting low return businesses through refranchising. This capital allocation strategy has allowed us to maintain our capital expenditure within a steady range of $600–650 million over the last three years.
Our businesses in China, YRI and the U.S. all generate significant free cash flow, and in 2006 we generated over $1.3 billion in cash from operations. We are committed to returning significant cash to our shareholders. In 2006, we reduced our outstanding shares by 6%, while also paying a 1% dividend. In December, we announced we will double our dividend yield to about 2% and expect to reduce our shares outstanding through buybacks by another 3–4% in 2007. I think it’s safe to say there are not many compa- nies doing this.
ROIC AND STRONG SHAREHOLDER PAYOUT KEY MEASURES: 18% ROIC; 3–4% REDUCTIONS OF SHARES OUTSTANDING; 2% DIVIDEND TARGET.
Key to Global Greatness:
Our Customers Must See
Us as Great!!!
I’m proud of our over one million Customer Maniacs but we’ll never be great until our customers think we truly run great restaurants. As much as I hate to admit it, we rank behind many of our competitors at making customers happy
here in the U.S., and behind McDonald’s in most countries. That’s why we continue to focus on Customer Mania. We have improved our 100% CHAMPS scores from 45% to 57% the past 3 years, but that still means we don’t get it completely right 43% of the time (CHAMPS stands for Clean- liness, Hospitality, Accuracy, Maintenance, Product Quality and Speed with Service). We can and must do better.
Going forward, we continue to be galvanized around building what we call the Yum! Dynasty, with the result being one of the world’s most consistent and highest performing companies. On the next page, you can see the road map we’ve laid out for Dynasty-like performance, along with handwritten comments I always include in my New Year’s letter to restaurant teams. I’m confident we will continue our march toward greatness because of the powerful culture we have created. It’s a diverse, results-oriented, high-energy, people-capability-first environment, that is centered on spirited recognition that drives performance. Our culture allows us to retain and recruit the best and the brightest. Additionally, we are building process and discipline around the things that really matter in our res- taurants, and are sharing our global best practices — and getting better and better every year.
I’d like to thank our dedicated team members, restaurant managers, franchise partners and outstanding board of directors. Believe me, our people are focused on going for greatness all around the globe.
Yum! to You!
David C. Novak
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
       Our formula for success
is working. When we put people capability first,
then we satisfy more customers — and profitability will follow!
   Great
Results!
  6
    