                 
  Financial HigHligHts
(In millions, except for per share amounts)
Year-end 2008 2007
% B/(W) change 8 9 8 11 6 17 (2)
5-year growth (b) 2% 3% 4%
 Company sales $ Franchise and license fees
Total revenues $ Operating profit $ Net income $ Diluted earnings per common share $ Cash flows provided by operating activities $
average U.s. sales per system Unit (a)
     (In thousands) Year-end
KFC
Pizza Hut
Taco Bell
(a) Excludes license units.
(b) Compounded annual growth rate.
contents
9,843 $ 9,100
1,436 1,316 11,279 $ 10,416 1,506 $ 1,357 964 $ 909 1.96 $ 1.68 1,521 $ 1,551
2007
$ 994 $ 977 $ 954
825 794 810 1,120 1,176 1,168
2004 $ 896 794 1,069
2008 $ 967 854 1,241
2006 2005
  Dear Partners ....................................................................... 1– 3 Winning Big in China! ............................................................. 4–5 Building Strong Brands Everywhere ..................................... 6–7 Improving US Brand Positions..................................................8–9 Driving Long-Term Shareholder Value........................................ 10 Going for Breakthrough ............................................................. 11
aboUt tHe paper Used For tHis report
The inks used in the printing of this report contain an average of 25% - 35% vegetable oils from plant derivatives, a renewable resource. They replace petroleum based inks as an effort to also reduce volatile organic compounds (VOCs).
The cover and first 12 pages of this report were printed using FSC-certified paper made with 50% recycled content including 24% post-consumer waste.
                     
 dear
partners,
I’m sure you would agree that a company gets
the best results and the best people when it is in pursuit of greatness. After all, when given a choice, who in the world really wants to wake up every day, go to work and muddle in mediocrity when you have a chance to be a part of something special. That’s why I’m proud to report that our people are pumped up about pUtting tHe pieces in place to become tHe deFining global company tHat Feeds tHe World.
  david c. novaK cHairman and cHieF eXecUtive oFFicer yUm! brands, inc.

 Now I also know this all could sound like a pipe dream if you didn’t have
a track record and the resources to achieve it. So I’m pleased to report that our confidence that we can achieve such a bold goal stems from the substance I will share with you in this report and begins with a track record of doing what we say, or as I like to say at Yum!, walking the talk.
That’s why I’m especially humbled to tell you on behalf of our dedicated teams and franchisees around the world, that we achieved 14% Earnings Per Share (EPS) growth for 2008. That’s the seventh straight year we’ve achieved at least 13% growth and once again exceeded our +10% annual EPS growth target. In so doing, we grew worldwide system sales +7%
and same store sales +3%, contributing to what is now 21 consecutive quarters of same store sales growth. Perhaps even more importantly, we strengthened our claim as the number one retail developer of new units outside the United States by opening a record 1,495 units, the eighth straight year we’ve opened more than 1,000 new units. With this quality growth, we generated cash from operations of over $1.5 billion and returned an all time high of nearly $2 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. I’m especially pleased we achieved these results in a year tainted by unprecedented commodity inflation, a slowing economy, declining consumer confidence and the collapse of the financial markets. Performance in tough times like these reinforces the underlying power of
our global portfolio of leading brands to deliver consistent double digit EPS growth because of their universal appeal, convenience and affordability. Nevertheless, our stock took a tumble like the rest of the market, declining 21% in 2008 although we significantly outperformed the broader market as measured by the S&P 500 which was down 41%.
Stepping back, over the past decade we have truly become a global company with 55% of our total revenue and nearly 60% of our operating profits coming from outside the United States, versus 24% of total revenue and 20% of operating profit when we started our company in 1997. When we combine this with the inarguable fact that we operate in more than 110 countries, have over one million team members and have such recognized brands,
we believe we are in the scalable and enviable position to build a global company that sets the standard for others to follow which is to become The Defining Global Company that Feeds the World.
to Us tHis means continUing to bUild and create:
     
a FamoUs recognition cUltUre WHere everyone coUnts.
We already serve as a best practice for other companies because of the way we use fun recognition to celebrate the achievement of others and drive results. And our success starts with the fundamental belief that everyone at every level can truly make a difference. This belief inspires us all to do our very best. We intend to capitalize on our spirited work environment by using it as a magnet to attract and retain the best talent and make Customer Mania come alive in every person and in every store as we go for operational excellence. As it stands today, this culture is well established at our restaurant support centers and above store but is inconsistently executed at our restaurants where it counts most. A defining global company will have its customers recognizing its passion for making them happy and we will settle for nothing less.
dynamic, vibrant brands everyWHere.
We want our brands in every country to be always connecting with our customers, always reaching for new innovations and excellence, and always leading. To this end, we are in the process of cascading our Achieving Breakthrough Results (ABR) training to our managers around the world. The charge is to have an army of ABR “black belts” who achieve the kind of breakthroughs that will make headlines in our industry. We believe this is the most ambitious training initiative ever conducted in our industry and will help us achieve more – faster – much in the same vein Six Sigma has done for manufacturing companies.
a company WitH a HUge Heart.
This means truly caring about others. This means opening doors and providing great career paths that
allow people to work their way up from the bottom to the top. That also means using our talent, time and imagination to save lives and improve our environment. That’s why we have partnered with the United Nations World Food Programme and have an annual hunger relief campaign that raised nearly $20 million in cash and in–kind contributions in 2008. That’s the equivalent of 80 million meals, saving nearly 1.8 million children from starvation. In addition, our team members donated five million volunteer hours to this incredible cause. Equally important is our commitment to health and nutrition, including an online exercise program to help educate consumers about maintaining a balanced lifestyle. In China, our team has created an incredible 3-on-3 basketball tournament with 24,000 teams participating in 400 plus Chinese cities. The bottom line is we do lots of good in the communities we serve and to learn more I ask you to check out our company’s first Corporate Responsibility Report which is published online at Yum.com. Great companies have always focused on more than making money and we are doing just that.
resUlts, again and again.
I think you’d all agree the only way you can be recognized as “defining” is to continue to put the numbers on the board that make you a winner with your customers and shareholders. And admittedly, given the current state
of the financial markets and economy, 2009 represents our most challenging year yet. In the response to the financial uncertainties posed by declining investment values and rising unemployment, consumers have trimmed their discretionary spending to conserve cash and rebuild savings. As a consequence they are dining out less frequently and when they do go out to eat, they aggressively seek value. To succeed under these conditions restaurant concepts must launch a two pronged attack: offer superior value, and provide differentiated and relevant products. While it’s true that we enjoy some measure of insulation by virtue of our position in the lower end of the dining out space arguably capturing trade down business from higher end concepts that are more exposed to an economic slowdown—we are not immune to the effects of a weakening economy. Therefore, to sustain our track record of success, we are sharpening our value offerings and providing innovative products that uniquely satisfy customer needs and leverage the capacity of our assets. What’s more, we are confident that our considerable financial strength matches the staying power of our brands. In fact, we stand to gain from any near term industry consolidation. That said, we think it’s also more important than ever to focus on the keys to our long-term growth. And the good news for us is we have four very clear growth strategies we are pursuing with urgency and purpose. Strategies that have served us well and put real meat on the bone in our quest to become
tHe deFining global company tHat Feeds tHe World.
3

 #1
bUild leading brands across cHina in
every signiFicant category.
With KFC and Pizza Hut, we have already established two of the most loved brands in the fast food and casual dining category and we are now successfully developing Pizza Hut Home Service. We are even creating our own Chinese quick service restaurant chain, East Dawning, tailored to the local favorites based on the amazing insight that Chinese people’s favorite cuisine is, believe it or not, Chinese food!
While the China economy has at least temporarily declined from it’s robust double digit growth to what is projected to be 6% growth in 2009, we continue to believe
we are in the first inning of a nine inning ball game with a business that has already achieved tremendous scale (3,000+ units) and nearly a half billion dollars in profit.
In fact, there is no question we are uniquely and competitively positioned to capitalize on what we believe will be and remains the biggest growth opportunity for the restaurant industry in the 21st century.
Consider this, there are 300 million people in the U.S. and there are already
over 600 million cell phone users in China out of a general population of 1.3 billion. There has been double digit personal income growth the past four years with over
18 million people entering the cities each year. The market share for chain restaurants is less than 3% in China with plenty of room to grow. There is high purchase intent of Western brands and consumer demand for quality is growing sharply.
Furthermore, China is our highest returning international business with a cash payback on investments of approximately two years which is why we are investing
our own capital to be primarily company owned and operated. As we have built
the business, we’ve put in place a world class infrastructure to give us a long-term competitive advantage. We uniquely own our own food distribution system that has allowed us to expand KFC into more than 500 cities in China and make Pizza Hut available in nearly 100 cities. We have one of the largest real estate and construction teams of any retailer in the world that opened over 500 traditional restaurants in 2008 as we generated 7% same store sales growth in China. We have also developed target manufacturing capability for our proprietary dessert line of egg tarts and pizza dough making. And we continue to grow our people capability ahead of the business by recruiting and retaining talent with highly sought after and well paying jobs. In fact, our China executive team and store operations are best in class in the Yum! world.
  4

   I often get asked the question of how big we think we can be in China. Our best long range forecast is over 20,000 restaurants.
The way we look at it, KFC can be every bit as big as McDonald’s
is in the U.S., ultimately reaching 15,000+ units; Pizza Hut Casual Dining can equal the casual dining leader in the U.S., Applebee’s, achieving 2,000+ units; Pizza Hut Home Service can match category leading Dominos in the U.S., achieving 5,000+ units: and East Dawning is attacking the Chinese equivalent to the hamburger category in the U.S., so who knows how high is up?
I also often get asked the question: what can go wrong? Well, in
the past five years, we’ve had challenges like dealing with SARS,
the threat of Avian Flu, and an ingredient supply issue with each having significant short term impact. In each case we bounced back stronger than before, and in fact, have generated 23% compounded annual profit growth rate in the China Division over the past five years. Now we have a slowing 6% GDP growth rate that still makes China the fastest growing major economy in the world. My hunch is we can definitely perform well in this kind of an environment. And while we will most certainly have our future ups and downs, I’m more convinced than ever that one day we will have more restaurants and profits in China than we do in the U.S., so we wouldn’t trade places with anyone. That’s my story and I’m sticking with it!!
CHINA DIVISION ONGOING GROWTH MODEL: 20% OPERATING PROFIT GROWTH; +20% SYSTEM SALES GROWTH IN MAINLAND CHINA.
     
 #2
drive aggressive international eXpansion & bUild strong brands everyWHere.
Yum! Restaurants International (YRI), which operates in over 110 countries and territories outside of China and the U.S., had its best year yet in 2008. YRI delivered same store sales growth of 4%, system sales growth of 10% and operating profit growth of 10%, resulting in record operating profit of over a half billion dollars. We have a high return franchising model with over 90% of our new restaurants being built by franchisees thus generating over $650 million in franchise fees, requiring minimal capital on our part. To date, we have not seen a slowdown in the development pace. And while KFC and Pizza Hut are already global brands, we have barely scratched the surface of our potential to reach a combined population of five billion people.
We opened a record 924 new traditional restaurants across six continents in 2008. That’s the eighth straight year we’ve opened more than 700 new restaurants at YRI, a big number in relation to any international business. Our ever increasing scale fuels growth as more restaurants and more sales lead to more marketing and an even stronger organization. This global infrastructure, coupled with our over 700 dedicated franchisees, is our single biggest competitive advantage at YRI. For this we are largely indebted to PepsiCo who, prior to our spin-off in 1997, invested 40 years and billions of dollars to establish the global network we’ve turned into a nearly 13,000 unit powerhouse. The reality is it would take the same time and commitment for
our competition to reach our size and scale, and frankly, we don’t expect most U.S. competitors to have significant international businesses for a long time to come.
We’re focused on profitably driving international expansion in three global arenas– franchise only markets, established company owned markets, and emerging, underdeveloped markets with huge populations.
When you look at our core franchise and company business in total for the year,
I’m especially pleased with the consistent growth we are seeing from our great franchise business units. YRI continued to generate strong system sales growth, excluding foreign currency translation of 8% for the full year. I would especially like to congratulate the following teams for outstanding system sales growth performance: Asia (excluding China Division) +8%, Continental Europe +11%, Middle East +24% and Latin America +12%.
In our emerging markets like India, Russia and Vietnam, we can leverage our core strategic advantage and capability to develop global markets. For instance, last year
I had the opportunity to visit Vietnam, where there are 85 million people. We are in our early days there, but we are making great progress with 56 KFC restaurants open to date and a plan this year to open up additional Pizza Huts as well.
   6

 We are clearly mindful of the need to develop new growth opportunities, and that’s why we are constantly testing and building global sales growth initiatives that will take our brands to even higher sales levels. Successful examples include the KFC breakfast menus in Asia and the United Kingdom; fish at KFC restaurants in the Middle East and Caribbean, Pizza Hut Tea Time in Indonesia, marketing the Pizza Hut enhanced dine-in experience in Hong Kong, and a new drink innovation – Krushers
– in Australia. Krushers began with a one-unit test in Australia early in 2008, and we now have them in over 100 restaurants in 10 countries. Our customers love it and it is becoming a sustainable sales layer to build on in more countries.
Pizza Home Delivery (PHD), our new delivery focused brand, is operating in 11 countries with 64 restaurants and we are seeing encouraging results as we test and prove out this new pizza delivery concept.
Finally, given the popularity of Taco Bell and the fact that it is the second most profitable brand in the U.S., we are committed to developing it into our third global mega-brand based on our successful expansion in Guatemala, Costa Rica and the Philippines. We launched Taco Bell in Mexico and Dubai in 2008, with plans to expand it into India and Spain this year.
Also in 2008, we enjoyed a $100 million pretax gain from the sale of our minority interest in KFC Japan – a positive example of the financial discipline we use in making ownership decisions.
YRI made $528 million in operating profit during 2008, and together with China, accounts for about 60% of our operating profits compared to just 20% in 1997. With the benefit of increasing global prosperity, our strong global competitive positioning, massive, under-penetrated markets, aggressive franchisee-led growth and exciting new growth drivers, you can see why we view YRI as our division with the greatest long-term potential.
We are now truly a global powerhouse with a realistic new-unit development opportunity that is unmatched by anyone in restaurants or retail. In fact, we think YRI’s global potential will reach at least 40,000 restaurants to go along with our projected 20,000 restaurant estimate for China.
INTERNATIONAL DIVISION ONGOING GROWTH MODEL: 10% OPERATING PROFIT GROWTH; AT LEAST 6% SYSTEM SALES GROWTH.
     
 #3
dramatically improve U.s. brand positions, consistency & retUrns.
Our two largest U.S. businesses, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut, both delivered solid
same store sales and profit growth for the full year in 2008. KFC, however, continues to lag behind the rest of our U.S. brands and it, along with unprecedented commodity inflation, were drivers of under performing profit performance in the U.S. business overall.
We are confident we’re taking the right steps to deliver stronger brand positioning, higher returns and consistent growth performance to unlock the value inherent in our 18,000 U.S. restaurants. Our category-leading U.S. based brands have continually demonstrated outstanding unit economics on a stand-alone basis and generated $715 million in franchise and license fees in 2008, but we have fallen short in our goal to grow profits by at least 5% every year.
As we go forward, we have a laser-like focus to better leverage our substantial U.S. restaurant asset base with sales growth in these five areas:
1) MORE OPTIONS FOR CONSUMERS ACROSS OUR MENU
2) MORE CONTEMPORARY BEVERAGE OPTIONS & UNIqUE DESSERTS 3) ExPANDED DAY PARTS
4) BROADER PROTEIN OFFERINGS
5) CONTEMPORARY ASSETS
Taco Bell is the best-positioned brand in this macro economic environment with the #1 value rating of any other brand in the industry. We’re also proud of Taco Bell for being a leader in the industry through the use of a multi-layer marketing approach throughout the year to help drive trial and build awareness.
In 2008, we launched the hugely successful Frutista Freeze at Taco Bell and enhanced the brand’s Why Pay More value menu. Consider this: Taco Bell’s 89-cent Cheesy Double Beef burrito has 38% more food and 30% more beef than McDonald’s value-priced Double Cheeseburger. Now that’s a great value!
Last year, too, Taco Bell introduced its Volcano Taco, which opened a major area of innovation around our core product of tacos; and we are aggressively going after the dinner day part with unique packaging and bundled meals. The pipeline at Taco Bell is full and only getting fuller.
We fully recognize that Pizza Hut is in a challenging category, but we pulled away from the pack in 2008, when we introduced our Tuscani Pastas (Creamy Chicken Alfredo, Meaty Marinara, Premium Bacon Mac’ N Cheese) and we have more to come
in 2009. The new pastas, one of Pizza Hut’s most important and successful product launches in its 50-year history, helped make Tuscani Pastas a $500 million product line that provides customers with an affordable break from weekday kitchen duty.
  8

 Pizza Hut also got a bounce last year out of its Pizza Mia which is great for groups that want a lot of pizza at a low price – $5 each when you buy three. P’Zone is another great value for individuals. It weighs in at over a pound and sells for $6.99. Pizza Hut is gaining solid momentum, too, with its WingStreet conversions. We’re opening approximately 100 new WingStreets a month with national scale within our sights in 2009. This branded line of flavored chicken wings will be in a position to advertise on national television by the end of 2009.
KFC, our only major soft spot, had a challenging year. President Gregg Dedrick retired and he was replaced by Roger Eaton, who brings tremendous experience leading our businesses, including seven years running the Australian market, where he delivered consistent same store sales growth in a highly competitive, highly penetrated market. Most recently, he was Yum!’s Chief Operating and Development Officer. Roger is a great leader who hit the ground running and who is already driving initiatives and leveraging successes we’ve had in other markets around the globe.
Last year KFC introduced its great-tasting, value-priced toasted chicken wrap, Original Recipe Strips, and made its $10 grocery store challenge with a seven-piece family meal that you can’t buy for $9.99 at a grocery store. That was part of the strategy
of providing dinner value to customers in today’s environment.
We’re encouraged that KFC’s turnaround is underway, but we still must overcome
two obstacles: non-fried options and value. In the non-fried arena, we’re laying the foundation for a second quarter 2009 launch of Kentucky Grilled Chicken by investing in new ovens with the unanimous support of our franchisees. The grilled product has undergone the longest test in KFC history and consumer reaction to the product is great. They love the taste and the fact that we are addressing the pent up desire
for a non-fried product from KFC.
KFC also introduced a new value menu in early 2009, along with an advertising campaign showcasing the brand’s “Fresh Tastes Best” campaign. This campaign focuses on KFC restaurants having a trained cook on hand to bread all Original Recipe chicken on the bone fresh daily.
I should mention, too, how proud I am that our U.S. brands will be the
first chains in the industry to post product calorie information on their respective menu boards in company-owned restaurants nationwide by January 1, 2011. All meals can be part of a balanced diet and we recognize our responsibility to continue to educate consumers about their choices.
Finally, we are driving even more urgency around our operations and executing
to our standards. We know we can run much better restaurants and provide much more consistent quality and service that our customers expect.
U.S. BRAND ONGOING GROWTH MODEL: 5% OPERATING PROFIT GROWTH; 2-3% SAME STORE SALES GROWTH.
       
 #4
drive indUstry leading long-term
sHareHolder & FrancHisee valUe.
The good news is that at 20%, our Return On Invested Capital (ROIC) ranks us high among other global companies. So, we’re going forward from a position of real strength.
Any way you look at it, Yum! Brands is an incredible cash machine, with each
of our divisions generating free cash flow – or effectively funding their own capital investments. As this capital is deployed to high-return opportunities –
for example, new restaurants in China, where the cash payback is approximately two years – we expect total returns to remain strong. These returns will further improve as we continue to refranchise restaurants, which will increase our franchise fees – currently amounting to $1.4 billion – with minimal
capital investment.
We’re proud of the fact that for 2008 we were one of the few companies that could make significant capital investments (over $900 million), AND make great investments in large scale buybacks (reducing outstanding shares by 9%) AND pay a meaningful dividend (2.5% yield) AND grow EPS in the double digits. I think it’s safe to say there are not that many companies that could do this.
SHAREHOLDER AND FRANCHISEE VALUE ONGOING MODEL:
MAINTAIN AN INDUSTRY LEADING RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL OF
20%; RETURN MEANINGFUL VALUE TO SHAREHOLDERS THROUGH SHARE REPURCHASES AND A DIVIDEND PAY-OUT RATIO OF 35-40% OF NET INCOME.
    10

 Winning big:
going For breaKtHroUgH
As I stated earlier, our vision for Yum! Brands is to become The Defining Global Company that Feeds the World, and I see so much opportunity for us as we go forward. I know I am saying this at a time when we are all going through a very tough economic environment, but we look forward to a better 2009. In fact, I have never been more optimistic about our future and our ability to grow our company in the next 10 years as we did in our first 10 years.
Our How We Win Together (HWWT) culture continues to be our biggest asset and what
really makes our company special. I was pleased last year when all of our global above restaurant associates reinforced those HWWT principles by successfully completing our Achieving Breakthrough Results (ABR) training – what I believe will be the biggest catalyst for breakthrough performance in our history. This year, I am excited to say, we are going to drive Yum!’s culture even deeper with the cascade of ABR training into all company-owned and franchisee-owned restaurants. That’s a huge challenge that will produce BIG results.
To close, I would like to thank our more than one million dedicated team members, restaurant managers, franchise partners and outstanding directors who are committed to our culture and to winning big in everything they do. I would also like to congratulate Sam Su, President of Yum! Restaurants China, for being appointed to the Yum! Board of Directors as Vice Chairman, in recognition of his many significant contributions to the company. In addition, I would like to welcome Bob Walter, past Chairman of Cardinal Health, Inc., as our newest board member. I think we have the best talent in the world.
The passion our people have was never more evident than during our annual World Hunger Relief initiative in support of the United Nations World Food Programme (WFP)
and other hunger relief agencies. I got a closer look at mass hunger and poverty in September when I flew to Haiti with the executive director of the WFP for a firsthand look at the needs there. That’s when I decided that the first million dollars collected from our 2008 campaign would go to helping those people I saw and met in Haiti.
This year, too, Yum! published its first ever Corporate Responsibility Report, “Serving The World.” We take very seriously our responsibility to our associates, our customers and the communities in which we do business. While we know we have more to do in this area of corporate social responsibility, we’re committed to making a positive difference in the world, and we will keep working on these serious global issues as a leader in the industry.
From our business results to our corporate responsibility, our people are focused on putting the pieces in place to become The Defining Global Company that Feeds the World.
Stay tuned. The best is yet to come!
yUm! to yoU
David C. Novak
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 